I will let you know that I've been using boom stands for 35 years and that I write this so you can make an informed decision. I'm loyal to the audio community and the industry has already put one of my kids through college.I see half of this stand as being just fine but the boom is not very good. I particularly don't think the horizontal axis point is very good, I mean where you adjust the angle of the boom. It's a cheap version of a simple design and I suspect the day will come that you're trying to figure how to keep it from drooping, the problem being that the surface area is much smaller creating less friction and more tightening until something's got to give. The tightening screws to slide it also seem pretty poor and I'd predict someday you'll be going from duct tape to replacing it. I base this more on my experience in sound reinforcement, which is harder on equipment than recording and because I own both types of businesses. The boom in general isn't a nice one and will always be 32 inches because it isn't telescoping and uses a pretend plastic counterweight, so you're mainly purchasing the stand. On Stage has a better line they call the 9700 vs this 7700 series.9701B Pro Tripod Microphone Boom StandJust like you can't compare the price of a used compact car with a new full size pickup, this one is so inexpensive (too inexpensive?) that price comparisons aren't what's important, so looking at Amazon today I'd probably buy the 9700MS9701TB TeleBoom Microphone Standor this one,DR Pro Mic Stand Telescoping Boomor maybe try this oneHosa MSB-521BK Mic Stand with BoomI haven't tried that stand but since Hosa generally sells good inexpensive products I'd be inclined to give it a try. I think you'll end up spending more money on your next stand and you might as well do it once instead of twice. I'd pay attention to the 2 and 3 star reviews because you'll find more from experienced users and the most helpful 5 star do not say how long they've been using it but love how inexpensive it is. Ignore that it doesn't come with a mic clip because usually they don't, clips come with microphones or can be purchased separately. All but the best stands will fall over when unbalanced, so plan on putting weight on a leg if you're using a heavy mic like a condenser or spending a lot more money. $100+ will buy you a studio boom although a counterweight, like what's used on a cymbal boom will help any boom stand and could be created with a little imagination. As for the cheap cord clips, just forget them and buy these, they'll attach to a stand or cord and work excellent (no leftover duct tape glue).Velcro Reusable Self-Gripping TiesBut understand my position, I've got stands purchased 20 years ago that I can still use and don't feel the lowest price is always the best value, but you're intelligent so you know an $80 stand used for 20 years is $4/year, I use stands almost everyday and I don't think this would last me a year and maybe only months. But if1. You don't care about a telescoping boom and2. You don't plan to adjust it much and3. You use a average weight mic or4. You're alright with replacing the boom when neededThis stand could be fine for you now if you can't budget a higher quality stand and it will surely work for some. I did give it 3 stars but 2 are for the product and 1 is for the price. So I hope all of this helps you with your decision.*I've now purchased and reviewed theOn Stage 9701Band recommend checking it out*
This stand is very flexible in the way it can be set up. Allows you to get close to the mic and still play an instrument, like say a guitar. Can be used either sitting or standing. Recommend highly. Be sure to get a pop screen for your mic and recording needs to improve recording quality.
This stand surprised my. It is lightweight but is still sturdy. I wouldn't venture to use it on the road all the time. But as a backup stand I wouldn't hesitate. I like it much better than my musicians gear stand though if this had a double extendable boon it would be perfect.
I was waiting for a flimsy stand to arrive when I ordered something that seemed like it would be for budget price. This stand actually STANDS. I placed my AT2020 with a shock mount and a pop filter on, and while it is heavy, with proper tightening everything stayed in place. And like many other people say, this is a must-have if you have a home studio.
This is definitely a microphone stand for amateur use - it would probably fall apart fairly quick "on the road" or if it were adjusted constantly.That being said, it's a great little stand for low duty/home use. I'm using it with a Blue enCORE 100 microphone, which isn't really heavy, but still weighs close to a pound. This stand holds it very sturdily, and with the boom feature, it can be set up in just about any position I would ever need.If you have a fairly lightweight mike and just need something to set and forget, this is a decent stand.And for less than $25 bucks, it's a bargain.
Strong metal construed.Legs open to set up easy. Easy to set mic slides in or out up or down.Peaces stay tight.
Be aware that when the boom is extended between the tripod stance that it can be a little tippy. Other than that,,,,,,,,,an excellent value
who cares if they were used or hanging around the warehouse hey they went together and don't show any wear and tear to me...love them...thanks
I was not expecting the Onstage Tripod boom microphone stand to be this good.* The bottom tripod stand is very sturdy and keeps the microphone stand balanced.* The main microphone stand pole is very thick and robust. It is built like a baton.* The arm is adjustable and long. I usually hang my headsets and other cables on this adjustable arm. It can hold quite a bit of weight. I haven't tried it yet, but it holds two of headsets and myMXL 2010 Multi-pattern Studio Micwith ease. The adjustable arm also spins 360 degrees.* Smooth movement. When I need to move my attached microphone around, it is a smooth, leveled motion.I love this microphone stand. It stands tall and can telescope up to about 5 feet tall. Very high quality microphone stand. Buy with confidence!
This is a pretty good stand for the price, I ended up leaving this one in the rehearsal room as I prefer the telescoping booms. I have the Dr. Pro telescoping and a samson telscoping, the samson is my favorite (think the model is BT4). For the price this is a good value.
Works great and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  Quality is good and holds a microphone with confidence.  Great price too.
It's perfectly fine for standard, fairly stationary use. We use these at my church, and they get moved around a little bit, but not much. For the price, they are surprisingly solid, and they work perfectly fine.Of stands in this price range, this is at the top of what I've experienced.It's easily adjustable, the screws stay tight once adjustments are made, it's light but not so light that it tips or blows over, the feet keep it steady on the floor and from wobbling.Seriously, for those who don't need a stand that can handle touring or lots of fiddling around, this is the one to go with.If you need a stand to handle doing live gigs and/or going on tour, shipping around in airplanes or vans, etc., you will need to go up a notch or two in quality (and, sadly, price).
good quality for my casual use.  I wouldn't use it on stage because of stability or weight related issues, it's too light.
I bought two of these for my band, and they are fantastic. Granted they are not the Hercules stands that I use, but they work for my two other singers. Great quality, and I would definitely buy them again.
I've been buying cheap stands and I'm never really getting what I want. I finally bought this. Nice and solid.
Almost all of this product is made with very sturdy materials. Can double as a mic or boom stand. The boom attachment is very easily adjustable but also very sturdy when you lock it down. Wasn't disappointed. The connecting parts of the mic stand/boom are 5/8 inch male size so make sure whatever you're buying this product with can connect to that (my shock mount had 3/8in female connector). If not, just invest (about 6$) into an adapter like I did.
I like mic stands with folding legs (like this) as opposed to weighted bases, since they're easier to travel with.  Quality-wise, this stand feels solid, but not amazing &#8211; it's a mixture of plastic and metal construction.  For the price I paid (around $25), it's a nice piece of kit and everything holds as it should.  It also folds down pretty well.  Note that it does not include any kind of microphone clip or mount, so you'll need to provide your own.  The cable clips are a nice touch.
I really like this stand, I even bought a second one after giving it a try. Is solid, you maybe need to tight too strong to avoind the weight of the mic to bring the arm down, buy, I can do that.Recommended.
i mean, sure they get the job done, but there're 2 things i'm not too convinced about.. first stability, you have to be very very careful as how you distribute the microphone's weight, and be pretty careful not to rotate it even a litlle bit, otherwise, you'll find yourself with a shure sm-58 with a dent, like myself. and second... i haven't had actually any bad experience with this, but don't seem to be that strongly built. for those 2 reasons i changed to hercules.
Very good stand especially for the price. It is not incredibly stable, but it is enough stable unless your microphone is super heavy.
These are exactly what the doctored ordered. I have one setup to mic my guitar amp, and another setup to mic my voice for doing guitar video exchanges. They are excellent quality for the money.
This is a nice microphone stand. I have used it on several projects involving sound with no problems. I would purchase this again. It's sturdy and gets the job done.
Screws are starting to wear out after about 3 months of use. The black covering of the metal is starting to show wear. To be expected, but I'm sure you'll appreciate hearing that this is not one of those miracle deals where you get something amazing for the money. It is what it is, and not much more.
Does exactly what you want it to do. It even comes with these little clips for running the cable down the stand. It's easy to set up and easy to take down. If you're looking for a mic stand, buy this one- you really can't go wrong.
i use this one a lot, its light weight and sturdy. it would be nice to have a counter weight for the long reaches, but can work around that detail. its well made
Recommend this to anyone!We have a mobile church which means we need sturdy and inexpensive.  I believe we found our ultimate match with this mic stand.
The only flaw is the rubber gaskets in the joints These deteriorate over 3 or 4 years. I go through these quite a bot but for $20-$30 you can't go wrong. Tubes are tough and sturdy
Quite resistant and reliableGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thank you very much
This seems like a good deal for the price. I have concerns about durability for anyone who has to frequently adjust the boom, or takes it on the road, because that boom-adjustment joint is a bit flimsy. I bought it for home studio use by just me, so I am totally satisfied.
This is a fine stand for the price, but I was honestly surprised at how light it is. I honestly think On Stage might have been making these progressively lighter over the years and now offer a heavier duty one at a higher price. I do use this stand, but I wish I would have sprung for the heavier duty version and probably will in the near future. It works fine, just keep in mind it is not the heavy duty all metal construction stand of the past.
This stands up and holds the microphone in place.The stand is study, easily adjustable, and withstands the rigours of use.
No where on the description does it say that the mic clip is NOT included.  The only place is on the box AFTER you have received the item.  There's no instruction (which is fine). But in the product description it doesn't say that you must purchase the mic clip separately or you can't use it.I bought this and have it shipped second day because I need to use it and now I can't because it doesn't come with a Mic Clip which I have to spend another 5-10 to get it plus shipping.  The price is the stand is reasonable had it included the mic clip.  But without it, I felt cheated.
Solid, stays where I put it, and does a great job holding a heavy mic, mount and pop filter. Can't really beat it for the price.
I am totally satisfied with the stand.  I had some misgivings after reading some negative reviews on Amazon but this stand serves me well.  The misgivings I had was with the extra weight I intended to place on it with my tablet stand equipment and the Samsung tablet.  However, I am very happy to report that it handles the extra weight very well and does topple over even when the boom is extended with the mic and space needed for the tablet and guitar playing.  I easily reommend this Item.
I needed a cheap mic stand that didn't break the bank.  This little guy fit the bill.  I don't know if it could stand up next to the Hercules stands that I have used for years in terms of long-term durability, but for a simple, home-use stand, it is perfect.  It is sturdy, the knobs feel tight and is balanced.  Great entry-level stand!
Light weight but sturdy enough
Title says it all. Good quality for home or studio use, but not sure how it would survive if it were to be taken on tour. Still for the price you get a nice adjustable stand that can be manipulated to get basically any mic position you'd want, from overhead for drums to fret level for guitars, above or below vocalists depending on the tone you're hunting, etc. Versatile and great to work with.
Its a little unstable at times, but the fasteners and adjustment areas on this stand do keep the stand in place and such that it can be good for a sound studio or classroom setting, not sure if I would recommend it for professional use, but that's why you spend more for better quality right?
does really good with a fairly heavy microphone, adjustments stay in place without constantly tightening, works exactly as it should
This is a tough deal to beat on a boom stand. It is very well made, and it is very adjustable so no issues sitting or standing, playing with an instument or just singing. Only thing, make sure you read the description well. It is a euro stand so it has 5/8"-27 threads. It does not come with a mic clip. When I ordered my mic from Behringer, their clip had 3/8" standard threads which obviously would not attach. I ordered a univeral clip so that drove the cost up some. Now if the manufacture would just provide a clip, they would have the best stand deal going. Overall, I would buy again!
This stand is probably one of the most popular among smaller bands, jammers and home studio owners because I run across them everywhere. And like everyone else I wound up with a few of my own. Here is what I have learned during the four or so years I have owned and used this model:- For the money they are a bargain and work extremely well in home studios and practice spaces (assuming the areas are not overly cramped.)- They hold up under light gigging and jamming, meaning they are not transported more than two or three days a week.- Good stability inside, even with heavier microphones like theBlue Microphones enCORE 100 Studio-Grade Dynamic Performance Microphone. Not so good outside if there is a fair breeze.I lost one to stepping inadvertently on one of feet, which immediately broke, and another has started binding when I try to extend or collapse the center pole. Those problems are not necessarily quality issues since in the case of the broken tripod it was my fault and not the gear's. As for the binding - I am sure that a good amount of grime has found its way into the tube after four years of use and transporting the stands. Had I taken better care of them those problems may have been prevented.For inexpensive stands these are hard to beat. However, I now use theSeismic Audio - Tripod Microphone Mic Boom Stand - PA/DJ/Band/Church/Wedding use, which I consider to be a superior stand for a small increase in price. Also, for outside use or when stage real estate is an issue I have found the old school styleOn Stage MC7201B Round Base Microphone Stand, Blackto be a far better solution.
This could be used for lightweight microphones but don't bother wasting your money if you're using a studio microphone. The base has a small circumference, so you can't stick the boom out very far at all, almost useless. There are better deals for just slightly more money. Or if you really want near studio quality, try the Samson studio boom mic stands.
I use this for my home recording studio. This stand is versatile enough to be used at almost any angle. From playing and singing piano, recording guitar and vocals, and other various positions. Sometimes hard to keep the mic firmly in place but that may be a function of my shock mount.Cheap and highly recommended.
I like the stand. It makes my recording convenient. It is well built. The adjustable parts are easy to use.
this stand i very good just wish it was a bit heavier for helping it be more stable when using a heavy mic.
Got this stand to mount a Studio Projects C1 condenser mic.  The stand is very stable and works well.  It is very reasonably priced as well.
It's well built enough to stand up to regular use.  I use mine for recording and some performance.  It' works great.
Currently using this with the Blue Yeti microphone and the Blue Radius Shock Mount. When fully extended, the arm can't hold the entire weight of the shockmount+Yeti microphone. I rigged it behind my monitor wall mount frame (didn't want to mount the montiors to the walls) and it works just fine.Not as fancy as a retractable arm, but it does the trick just fine.
All adjustments keep position well.  About as sturdy as a tripod can be.  Exactly as advertised, no complaints from this user.
When you extend it out all the way, it sometimes topples over due to little weight on the bottom, but other than that, this stand is perfect.
Good stand, solid components, easily adjustable and the boom is good length.  I gave it too our drummer and he uses regularly without complaint
I actually use this stand for more than holding a mic.I use it for video and photo purposes: Holding light reflectors, flagging, speedlights, etc.It's heavier than it looks and cheaper than those stands specifically marketed for photo.
This mic stand does everything it says it will, and is adjustable in every conceivable way. In fact, the boom has a really nice adjusting lever, making it easy to loosen and tighten. The only drawback I found is the tripod configuration of its feet, making it easy to forget where you parked your big feet during live performances; especially when you're emotionally invested and the crowd is urging you on. I would much prefer a round base. Other than that, it makes for a great home/garage mic stand when you or your band is just kickin' it. 'Nuff said.
Provides everything I need from a mic stand.  Everything locks up nice so the stand remains firm.  Packs up small.  I knocked off one star because if you look carefully at the stand, it leans ever so slightly.  It is after all a cheap Chinese stand.
This stand (it just arrived in the mail) will be durable in the years to come with my music I can tell. Awesome stand and I would recommend to anyone!
Not the best quality in the world, but for the price tag is wasn't half bad! If you're doing something more professional it may wear out overtime, but if it's just for personal use, you should be fine with this product!
I cant play real guitars ....... but i did buy this for Rock Band. This is perfect with the boom i can sing and play without the stand getting in the way. This has so many adjustment spots no one will have a problem getting a good position with it. I even use it when im drumming. I highly recommend this for real players or even plastic players.  Well this one is actually better than most of the ones my wifes band has.  Oh its almost impossible to knock down too, believe me the cats have tried.
