For the price, I got a little more than expected. The sound is pretty great. The scoop switch gives you a slightly different sound. Other than that your can change amount of distortion. Its cheap, and maybe it doesn't have alot of fancy versatility with the settings and whatnot. But for the price this is one hell of a deal! Quality item.Only complaints are; its so little sometimes just accidentally moving the cable will flip it around or something. But thats expected, and not that big of a deal if you're careful. Now the one issue I really have with this pedal, its cosmetic so its not worth 4-starring this review; but it did get to me. The knobs. They are not the cool chrome ones in these pictures. They are black plastic ones. They look sorta bland and not as cool, but ive noticed no functionality problems with them yet. Still a great product though.
To be honest I'm not metal guitarist but I do love metal music and as far as playing goes I love bluesy solos with lots of distortion. I decided to get this pedal because it was electro harmonix, one of the best names in the business. And for the fact it was cheaper than most. I'm VERY pleased with the pedal and couldn't be happier.
I own all 3 versions of this pedal and cherish each one of them. This one is my favorite, turn on and go. I think it's better than the Sovereign.
Since, as of right now, this is the only review of this product on amazon.com, I'll try to answer any questions you might have about the EHX Pocket Metal Muff Pedal. This pedal is the model of simplicity; a volume control, a distortion control, and a switch that changes the amount (or lack thereof) of mid-scoop. That's doesn't leave much room for tone tweaking, so "tweakers" beware! That being said, Electro-Harmonix did a commendable job of pre-setting useable treble and bass tone levels that should only require minor tweaking of your amp's eq to get it right where you want it. Playing through my Fender hotrod deville amp, I was immediately shocked at how good this pedal sounded. The bass was powerful and chunky, great for heavy metal palm-muting riffs; the treble had a good bite but it wasn't harsh; and all three midrange modes sounded great, depending on the application: Want just a flat midrange for a punchy tone? Just leave the mid-switch on the flat setting. Want a slightly scooped midrange tone for a good all-round metal tone? Move the switch down to the low mid-scoop mode. Do you want to play Master of Puppets by Metallica? The high mid-scoop mode is calling your name. This pedal offers quite a bit of distortion, but I was amazed to find that even at the higher distortion levels, my tone remained clear and defined. It didn't turn into a plastic-y, fuzzy mess like most distortion pedals *cough* metal zone *cough* will. I will mention that this pedal isn't the best if you're looking for a more modern metal tone. You won't get a slightly fizzy, ultra-gain (think Slipknot) sound out of this pedal. Rather it offers a very crunchy, defined roar more characteristic of the pre-dual rectifier mesa boogie amplifiers.In conclusion, I give this pedal 5 stars because it does what its designed to do very well; this version of the metal muff line isn't designed to be highly versatile and "tweakable" in and of itself; get the metal muff with top boost pedal if you want a 3-band eq and a boost function. This pedal is designed to be a very simple, small box of pure classic metal tone, and that's exactly what it accomplishes.
Within just three seconds of using the Electro-Harmonix Pocket Metal Muff Pedal, I knew it was a winner. It delivers thermonuclear distortion and is ultra-easy to use. Although it doesn't have a tone dial, it doesn't need one. And I say that after trying it through a small tube amp (15w), a small digital amp (40w), a guitar with humbuckers, and a guitar with single-coil pickups. The closest it has to a tone dial is the scoop switch just above the on/off switch. As its name suggests, this allows one to choose how much the mid tones will be "scooped." It has three settings (no scoop to maximal scoop), and all sound great. Fans of sustain will love this box, for it delivers seemingly everlasting sustain. The pedal is extremely small, which most would regard as a plus. I bought this after watching a professional-looking YouTube demonstration of it. It more than lived up to my expectations. If I lost this box, I'd immediately order another one. I have zero regrets.
