They work good.  Way to stiff and small for me though.  Great attack but holding onto it is the problem.  The slick finish makes it kinda hard to hold onto and the small amount of pick that shows makes strumming difficult without hitting your finger on the strings.  I imagine it would work great for lead players but I'm a rhythm player.
Nice tone, very easy to grip, last me a long time. One of my favorite picks I've tried for electric. Don't enjoy them as much on acoustic.
They are half the size of a regular pick.  Bit too thick for me.  Sound nice. Will last forever. Wish I had sized them before I bought them.
I love these little guys. The small size forces me to hold it so just the very tips is exposed. They have a nice textured grip. I bought the red ones this time so I can see them when I drop them!
I used to use Fender medium picks only. Now for Jazz and metal I use this pick. You will just have to try it for yourself to see if it is right for you.
I like Dunlop products I used the purple tortex 1.14mm almost exclusively until I met up with this Jazz III.  And now my personal debate continues...  I like a thick pick and this Jazz III is.  I like tortex and this isn't but...I really like the orange color which makes it easy to locate if you drop it.  I rarely and I do mean rarely drop a tortex pick but this nylon might get a bit slick at times.They make 3 or 4 picks in this line with varying degrees of tip pointiness.  I like the pointy model the others have round and rounder tips.This is the new and improved jazz style pick and I am still trying to figure out if I like this or the trad Fender jazz pick.  Or perhaps having a few slightly different picks laying around isn't such a bad idea after all.
I have always been a thin or medium 351 style pick person, but when a fellow musician had one of these on stage I was quite surprised at how well it worked. I have used it on guitar and also on bass and it really works well with a good solid grip to it.
Been using these for longer than a decade, and met many people who prefer minimal picks , and jazz III among them. This is the closest to playing with bare hand that I can get.
I bought this in a few colors so my other reviews are on as well.  I like the thickness of this pick.  Easy to hang onto when strumming.  Love the tone I can obtain too.
the title says it all. it may take a while getting use to these smaller picks but in the long run you will e happy that you tried these picks. also since these picks are smaller, i found it was easy to do pinch harmonics on these compared to bigger picks, so if you are having a hard time with pinch harmonics try these out.
I bought these and used them for a week before giving my review.If Amazon used half-stars, I would have given them 3.5/5. I just couldn't bring myself to give them a 4/5 so I went with 3/5, here's why:I've used standard medium picks for over 20 years. Switching to these was not a problem at all. Sure, they are smaller but not small enough to cause me any problems. By far the biggest change was the &#34;pointy-ness&#34; of the picks. The distinct point on the pick drastically changes the sound of your playing, especially when playing chords. Everything is much more pronounced, which isn't necessarily a good thing in my opinion. It's especially bad when playing clean electric (picking notes or strumming).If someone was to ask me if these are good picks, my answer would be &#34;it depends.&#34; It really does, in my opinion, it depends on what you're playing. From a rhythm standpoint, I don't like these at all - they take the warmth out of the chords because the point of the pick makes strummed chords sound too sterile to me. For lead work they are OK because you can really dig into each note and have it come through.Could I play faster with them? No. Could I pull off amazing licks that I couldn't do with my normal picks? No.I tried them, but didn't like them. Maybe if you typically play a TON of lead work, constantly, these would be the way to go. I don't, and they aren't for me. I'm glad I tried them, though, because I'll never wonder again if they were for me.
I've used these for more than two years but recently shifted to its big brother, the jazz 3 XL. Same thickness and feel /tone, but in a larger form factor. I would definitely recommend the XL version if rhythm+lead work is required. For strictly solo work with easy to achieve pinch harmonics, this one is better.
