It is very easy to apply, great results and very little effort. I'm surprised by the results. Never got this shine in my guitar with any other product.
this is great stuff....only problem...no order...i guess im used to lemon pledge on furniture...this works fine...smooth slick finish...yes...guitar slips a little off my knee...but very happy just wish had sometype of order...yes..nice order..tks
First wax I have bought. I usually don't wax. I tend to use cleaning sprays. I am going to be waxing now on. Gerlitz makes this wax easy, not greasy. This tin should last a lifetime. It comes with an applicator designed for contours of guitars. I would use just the minimal amount and still get a mirrorglaze. Leaves no ffingerprints or smudges. My classical guitar sounds better after a dose of the GERLITZ GNO NO 1 CARNUBA GUITAR WAX!!!!!
I purchased this wax for a brand new guitar to help minimize scratches on the back though I make every effort to avoid them, and to protect the side where I rest my arm when playing to keep from wearing through the finish over time.I've used Carnuba car wax many years ago, and this is a much higher grade, easier to apply, easy to remove.There were some really tiny cracks in the polyurethane finish that I did not notice at first and I was actually able to fill them using a couple of coats of this product so they now look like tiny indentations with a smooth surface. They were very minor and did not affect the wood, but this will seal them. Not a sufficient defect to return the instrument.Another reviewer mentioned a problem applying to metal. I have open tuning machines, and before applying Tri-Flow with a pinpoint applicator, I used this wax, let it dry then buffed it out with a pure cotton towel. The chrome is gleaming. They're really beautiful. Did a great job on the headstock as well with MOP and abalone inlay when the strings were removed. Also got the tuning pegs. This is a 000 - OM acoustic. Only way I can imagine harming metal is you slightly dampen the sponge, (I used distilled water) so if someone left too much water - possibly a problem, but all worked fine for me.
I bought this wax and compared it to Meguiars I've been using for years and it surpasses Meguiars by miles. I have a few guitars and they really shine with this wax, you can really see the depth of the paint with this wax and it works great on headstocks also. I like the applicator and the fact that this is a paste wax which is effortless to apply.Along with a few high end guitars, I also have a few beaters. I used this wax on an old Squier that is thoroughly used and it looks fantastic. fine scratches and blems are gone and the guitar looks great.I use old t shirts to buff the wax off the guitars and found that it comes off chrome easilly, I overdid it with an older Les Paul guitar and was surprised to see the wax come off with ease. I will buy this stuff again and again, my local guitar shop sells this for the same price.
This stuff works amazingly. If your interested in buying the product, don't listen to the people who say it is too dry. I thought it worked good, and mine was a bit dry. This stuff isn't supposed to be really waxy, its a hard wax so I would think it was supposed to be cracked. Mine wasn't that cracked, and it worked great! I love this product and would definitely recommend it and say this is a must-have.
