CRAP these strings are bad do not buy them if you play any kind of harder music or do a lot of string bends unless you like having strings almost take out your eyes then by all means buy em errrrr i always buy Ernie balls but i got cheap and tryed to save a few buck and buy 2 3 packs of these hunks of crap for under 18 bucks i should have spent the extra 7 bucks and got the 6 pack of Ernies I didn't even get a week out of them and they were rusted and poppin off left and right....................never again
I was using slinkys for several years but decided to give these a shot because the slinkys kept corroding so quickly. Anyway, these seem to hold up a little better. Both sound good, but these last a couple weeks longer. So stock up!
These sound good on my electrics.  The best sound I got was on my strat.  Good sustain and strings are holding up well.
These are great strings! Break in quickly and hold their tune, work for all styles of playing. My go to strings from now on.
These strings are okay, but nothing special except for the price, which is a factor when changing twice a week. I don't play enough to need changes that often anymore.So I've become more particular about trying to match the string to the guitar. This doesn't mean that these strings are bad, it just means I might prefer Brand X Pure Nickel on one guitar because they're darker and Brand Y Steels on another because they're brighter and Brand Z on yet another.So give these a try and if you prefer them it will be best to check on price by the case of this or any string that you prefer because they should be changed twice a month at least, if you want your instrument in top shape. A bad guitar can make a great artist sound only good.
I love D'Adarrio strings. Great tone and it last long, feels great on your fingers. D'Adarrio strings rule.  See ya!
Hey jerks, do you play guitar?  Well, if you do, you need strings.  Well, you could be an experimental guitarist playing a stringless guitar.  If so, you can stop reading.  If you use strings, you should buy them your damn self.  While you're at it, buy ten sets.  Seriously, are you a child?  Always have extra strings.  D'Addarios last a long time for me, and they sound good.  Also, they're on the bottom end of the price range.  Buy some strings, douchnozzle.
I'm not a string nazi and will play pretty much any major brand of strings with few exceptions.  D'Addarios are good quality and combined with Amazon Prime a no brainer bargain, under $3 per set delivered.  Unless you just don't like D'Addario I would recommend these strings highly.
I don't know a lot about guitars and strings. I bought these for my daughters guitar and they sound very nice on there.
I've been using these strings for years. Tried a bunch of others as well, but these suckers keep coming out on top. Probably will never stop buying them.
Keeping in mind the difference types of guitars and pickups, these D'Addario strings are good strings for all around use. They are suitable for rock, punk, country, and funk. Sure, you could spend more on "boutique" specialty strings to give you that exact "vintage" sound, but these strings are just fine whether you play in the bedroom, garage or club.I like the light guage .010's because they are easy on the fingers, but are still beefy sounding compared to thin sounding .009's and .008's.
These are my go-to strings. They are perfect for gig use and are inexpensive as well as awesome sounding. What more do you need?
I love these strings. They are bright and feel really good on my hands.I have a Gretsch and use 11's D'addario on it, best strings I've found so far. I also bought a pack of half wound 11's to TRY. I'll decide which to use (round or half wound) after my experiment.
I bought these strings to try on my guitars. They sound good on a variety of models, like SG,Les Paul, Rickenbacker. They have a melodic tone and good intonation, and they seem to be lasting and staying in good shape.
I've been trying out different gauges to experiment with different fretboard feels. These strings I have to say, stretched out and stayed in tune much faster than slinkys. They have great sustain and sound nice and chunky. I love the luster and shine of new strings, feels nice ans springy. Since this is my first time with this brand, I don't know how long they will stay good, but we'll see.
Put my Schecter C-1 Custom FR in Drop Bb, these strings sound great and have a great low end. Highly reccomend.
I started buying these strings for my guitar playing son back in December of 2012 and continue to do so to this very day. He absolutely swears by them. He does go through them fairly quickly being that the humidity here in Hawaii makes them prone to rusting. Other than that, the strings are strong and durable and gives off a nice sound quality. He highly recommends these strings to his fellow guitar players out there.
I have used these strings since they first came out. D'Addario make the best strings out there. I am sure there are others who do a good job, but you can actually hear the difference. It doesn't really matter which you buy - they all sound different - as in better!!
Obviously these aren't top of the line strings but I used them to record a track in drop C and it sounded awesome. After about a week they started losing tone and started collecting skin.D'addario is awesome if you keep in mind that they're on the cheaper side.
I've purchased these locally several times over the past three years at a music store. Mainly due to the low cost. They work okay, but are difficult to keep in tune. The guitars have to be re-tuned often when temperature, humidity, or playing more than ten minutes occurs. My biggest complaint is tarnish and corrosion. Add that to the winding separating over the fret bars exposing the inner solid string, then the strings go "flat" sounding. These are not quality strings at all, just cheap Chinese Made quality. They are okay for someone that doesn't play often, but if you play daily or as a performer, avoid these strings. Better strings are worth the extra cost. You actually save money by not having to replace them often as you do with these cheap strings. I've had this problem with all the D'Addario brand strings, both for electric or acoustic, 6 or 12 string guitars. The thinner gauge strings will break during tuning or playing. The tarnish and corrosion often ends up contaminating the fret bars and keeping the neck dirty all the time. Cleaning after each playing session only makes the strings corrode faster.
I have been using D'adario strings for 30 years. They sound great. They stay in tune. Excellent sustain. I can get better string control compared to other strings. I have never experienced a string break in 30 years.
I swear by these strings. These are the only strings I will use on my Les Paul. Their bright tone sounds great and full, while the color coded ball ends makes restringing a breeze. Don't buy these strings just because I like them, buy them because they suit you. Because you like the tone they provide. Because they feel good against your fingers. Cons?? What cons...?? Try them.
Excellent guitar strings - they last a long time, sound great and are pretty cheap.
I absolutely love using these strings (10-46) on my Telecaster and Stratocaster. They just lend to that awesome Vintage tone and seepage that people like me go nuts over. If you're looking for a replacement set of strings, you simply cannot go wrong with the EXL sets here on Amazon.
These are excellent, inexpensive guitar strings. They are perfect for somebody that plays gigs and changes strings frequently. For the more casual player, these might not be the best choice.For the gigging musician, there is nothing better than these D'Addario strings. They are light weight, have great sound, and are inexpensive. These might take a very slight nod over Ernie Ball strings.For the more casual musician, somebody that isn't changing their strings once a week, these are probably not a great choice. Personally, I use Elixir strings on my electric guitars, a Les Paul 2008 Standard and a 1982 Gibson Lucille. I do not play gigs, so a set of strings doesn't see an hour or two of really hard playing per night. The coating on Elixir's helps keep corrosion down and is easier on my fingers; I like their feel a bit better than these strings. I get about a month of playing from those strings. Sadly, these D'Addario strings are really only good for about one or two weeks of playing.I've tried a variety of strings, Ernie Ball, Elixir, and D'Addario, on my guitars and the way I play, the Elixir's just sound and play the best to me. Of course, your mileage may vary. If I did start to play gigs, I would probably switch to a more affordable string like these.A silly cosmetic thing, I hate the packaging of these strings. D'Addario makes a huge deal out of reduced packaging and being environmentally responsible with their products. The strings come in a cardstock outer box, with a single plastic package inside. Each string size has a different colored ball on the end to help a person figure out the string gauge. I change strings myself, and I really prefer the individual paper envelopes for the strings, with the gauge clearly printed on the package. If you are new to changing strings, or only change them infrequently, this all in one package will confuse the heck out of you. Especially at first, I preferred to work with one string at a time.D'Addario also makes a major deal out of the serial number on their package to help fight fake strings. Their website has a place to enter the serial number to verify the package of stings is authentic. I kind of disliked the fact that you have to enter an email address to even get started. They could have very simply left a spot to enter the serial number with no other information necessary.In the end, the silly colored balls at the end of the strings, well they look goofy on my guitars. I wouldn't mind the colors on an acoustic (the ball gets hidden by the peg anyway), but those balls are visible on my electric guitar. I just prefer the simple gold balls on the ends of other strings.
I have always used D'Addario strings. Since the early 70's when I first found out they were manufactured right here on Long Island. I've never been disappointed by the quality.
What can you say about the best of the best.  I wouldn't use anything else on my guitar to get the best tonal quality from it.  These strings seem to last longer than the others I've used.  I highly recommend them.
My Strat has bigger frets than any guitar I have ever owned, and I have a tendency to sharp notes played on thinner gauges, particularly on the 3rd string. This 11 to 49 set feels more like my acoustic guitars and minimizes the problem of sharp notes from too much finger pressure, while still feeling "faster" than an acoustic guitar. They sound great, last a long time, stay in tune and are a good compromise between very light gauges and the really heavy sets.
I read all of the reviews and bought 6 pairs of these based on the reviews.So, I put these on my Gibson Les Paul last night and played for a few hours.  I didn't hammer the strings, just played easy, mostly the Eagles.As I was hanging the guitar on the wall afterward, I took a quick look at the strings.  I was shocked to see the high E and B strings were already flattened.  I never would have expected wear after just a few hours of light playing.The strings sounded great, but by the time I had them stretched enough that they would hold tune, they were already worn.I guess I'm going to HAVE to go to heavier strings so I'm not changing strings every few days.  These just did not perform as expected.Giving these 3 stars is being generous.  I have 5 sets to use up now, damn.  I was using light gauge and thought these mediums would hold up, but they lasted for only two hours......my Fender 3250L bullets at least lasted a few weeks.  Going to try the Fender on my Gibson and see how they sound.  I'm still in search of the "perfect" set of strings.  I'm open to suggestions
I decided to give these a try after buying just earnie balls. Wow! Just wow! My inexperienced ear was able to tell a difference in the sound. It was just... Right. I can't explain it exactly. The .10 gauge is great for standard and eb tuning, although can be tuned lower. I would recommend something thicker for that though. But these are great and you should get em!
I have played on D'addario Before,  actually the first string I started out on.Super light's are ok,  but can wear out real fast,  So, It's importent not to put to much stess on  them.....espescially if You do alot of tricks, pinched hormonic's vibrato's, extreme bend's,  etc  they will break.  Any skilled guitarist know's  to use  extream  caution when tuning....any strings,I did try extra light (while they do soud nice,and have a nice feel to them)  I would not recamend these for beginer's,  cause beginer's tend to press hard, when they first stat out.Personally,  I don't like D'addario's at all,  I find the tone to bright.
These strings are just prefect and feel awesome.  As you can tell from the amount of reviews on this product they are extremely popular.. and all those people cannot be wrong
Some say "daw-dare-e-o", "de-ah-dare-e-o", "dad-ar-ee-oh", or "dee-ah-dare-e-o"Others shorten it to "D-adds" or even "Daddy-O's".  Took me a while to figure that last one out.I was trying to find out info about "Daddy-O strings" and why people thought they were so great.  Duh.While people may disagree on how to say the name, few debate the idea that these are great strings.* Less expensive that most string sets out there, especially if you buy multi-packs* Color-coded to make string changes easy* Easy to find from most any vendor or music store* Made in the USA* You can collect "players points" for SWAG* They are sealed in a special "environmentally friendly" package to keep them fresh and corrosion-free* They have one of the widest range of string-size combinations availableIf you are just starting out and do not know what to put on your new guitar then the phrase "set it up with EXL-120s" or "put on some Da-Dairy-O" nines" is a good choice, at least for a strat or tele-like guitar.I personally like them better than Ernie Ball Super Slinkys aka "EB Pinks", but I cannot quite put my finger on "why".You can pay more for coated strings, cryogenic frozen strings, boutique strings, and all that but if you do not know what any of those are then you probably haven't been playing long enough to find value in them.Almost every guitarist has a set of strings they "swear by" because they work wonders that no other string can - they make them play smoother or faster, their last set of strings lasted for 6 years, or whatever.I just appreciate a great value, and D'Addario strings are just that.BTW, for the record the official pronunciation is "Da-Dairy-O":>> "We receive letters each week regarding the correct pronunciation of the D'Addario name. Some years back, we even ran an ad that illustrated an easy way to pronounce the D'Addario name. The name is pronounced phonetically as follows: Da-Dairy-O. A simple way to pronounce the most difficult name in musical accessories!"
I enjoy this very much! Very good strings! It's a good brand too! I recommend it for any acoustic that you have or will have!
Hold a tune very well, and sound good. The seem to have a bit less tension than other brands strings of the same gauge, but thats ok.If you dont wipe them off after playing, they wont last long. But I always do, and I change strings often, so that isnt an issue for me.Overall, some of the best strings available.
I'm just starting out on the electric guitar and was told these were the best.  I like the light strings because they are kinder to my fingers and they still have a decent sound.  The price is right.
Not much to say, these are your basic hex core, nickel plated round wound strings.  They are the equivalent ofErnie Ball Slinkys (Yellow)They play nice, and feel pretty much the same in my humble (non-touring musician's) opinion.Also, it's nice that strings are now coming in air tight packaging to keep the fresher and rust free longer.  As a note these come packed together in a single bag, with color coded washers, (as opposed to the EB sets that are packed individually in paper sleeves or DR sets that come two to a sleeve.)In summary, if you're searching for the subtle sonic differences between the brands then you probably aren't reading this review, you're out experimenting.  For others, the lowdown is that these seem like good strings and are definitely worth checking out to see which ones you prefer more.
I have been using this brand in several different gauges for many years and continueto do so. I get long life and very good clarity from D'Addarios.
These aren't usually my go-to strings, but D'Addarios are a good, solid sounding string. They last fairly long when taken care of, and don't usually break too often. I DO like that they sound kind of bright without being overbearing. They will continue to be my 2nd string of choice, as they've not failed me any time I've purchased them. Definitely recommended.
These are a great alternative to phosphor bronze transatlantic cables for acoustic guitar! I would rather concentrate on making music. Why fight your guitar?
My son has been a guitarist for seven years and loves these strings. Not a single one has broken since he started using these three weeks ago. These strings tend to repel the dirt and dust even with heavy play the strings look very good. He has been getting less callous on his fingers. The tone produced by these stings is very good especially considering the low price. My son has a very heavy hand but these strings are well made and withstand play from any style.
The gauges are identical to Ernie Ball Regulars (yellow label) but the D'Addario's string tension feels stiffer, which is nice for slide playing. I like my action medium-low, comfortable for straight playing and bending, solid intonation for chords, yet not too much fret rattle for slide.I usually stretch the heck out of Ernie Ball's after putting them on because they have so much spring in them. I deliberately left the D'Addarios unstretched overnight and found they settled in nicely without much stretching at all. Their new sound is quite bright as advertised, but has far less of what I call `new string jangle', which is fine by me. As a kid, I'd sweat that off in an hour but these days, playing a number of instruments, it can last awhile.There's a string tension chart, handy for designing a custom set and each pack has a serial number.  I'll admit I'd never considered the possibility guitar strings were worthwhile targets for counterfeiting, but apparently that's the case and D'Addario provides a web site lookup to verify your set. If you do come across fakes, if you're willing to report it, they'll provide you with a genuine replacement for free.I've used D'Addario phosphor-bronze acoustic strings on guitars and mandolins for over 25 years and swear by their quality and consistency. I've used Ernie Ball's on electrics for even longer. Habits can be tough to break but, as my playing has broadened out from my rock roots, I find it interesting to experiment with different gauges and windings. Finally nailing a sound and feel you've been chasing after for years makes it all worth it.
I ended up settling on these as being my favorite strings years ago.  Ultimately, they're simply the best for the money.  You can get them for less than $3 per pack, if you shop around.
These are perfect strings for a gig or a long practice session. The strings keep their tone for a long time. Can easily last upto a month on daily practice for 2-3 hours.
I have used d'addario for a number of years.  I'm not hot about their acoustic, but electric...they're a whole new world.  I like these nickel on my tele...they give them that extra twang.
I have used D'Addario strings for years on my Gibson Les Paul and they sound GREAT. Had a stint where I tried coated strings on the Paul but they just didn't have the ringing bright tone that D'Addarios have. I've never been one to have strings break on me that often, guess I just don't play that heavy-handed, but I have many friends who do and who still use these and find them very reliable. They are comparible in tone to Dean Markely's and Slinky's IMHO. I very much recommend these strings to anyone who plays electric guitar of all styles - I have used them on rock, country, jazz, fusion and christian contemporary gigs. Very dependable. The set usually lasts me a couple of shows before I change them out - like any string they will lose brightness after a couple of gigs. Strings claiming to last longer than that in tone are, in my opinion, usually somewhat lifeless to begin with. Anyway... these are great threads for the ole geetar - if you have never used them you should try them out... good stuff.
As I stated about some other guitar strings I purchased here, these D'Addarios for my electric guitar give me the sound, service and price point I need!
great strings, and they last well! i've never had a problem with these and i'm glad i can get them on here for a decent price.
I've been using D'Addario XL strings since the 80s.  I love 'em.  The 10 pack price is amazing.
The best strings I ever bought and I've bought them all. I got these for my electric and the EJ26-10P acoustic electric for my acoustic. They have a really full sound, bright highs, and they bend like crazy.
Folks, I've tried them all from Dean Markley to Ernie Ball.  All have their good and bad points.  But after 22 years of guitar playing, D'Addario still makes the best electric guitar strings for my money.  Although I prefer the super light top, regular bottom version, I have always loved the feel, tone and durability of D'Addario strings.
I have been purchasing these strings for over 15 years now. Only string that I allow to touch my electric guitars.
Been using these for years.  I like the Regular Slinkies, too, but it seems these tend to last longer.  Or, it could just be in my head.  Either way, I am happy with them.
I've been playing for nearly ten years and I've used all sorts of strings on many different guitars, I've had ball ends pop off for no reason, ball ends rolling around in the bottoms of containers when I've bought them new, and a lot of unnecessary string breakage and fast corrosion, (all top brands) I have also overpaid for fancy gimmicks on strings that are supposed give you magic tones ect. Then I tried D'addario, they just work and work well, I'm not asking for anything magical I just need what I need when I need it and these string have never failed to deliver, I've been using them for over three years now I don't know why I didn't give them a shot sooner, I could have saved a lot of money trying them first. Bottom line is these strings do the job without any drama, giving me more time to just play!
These bright sounding strings are easy to play, hold up well and rarely break.  One of my favorite strings for my Les Paul.  I tend to go with Ernie Ball Super Slinky's on my Strat, but these would probably sound nice on a Strat as well.
The price was most definately the main draw,I am very glad that I placed the order,these people are pleasant to work with!!!!!
This is my second order of the 10 pack. A local store wants 29.99 for one set of these. The feel is really good in my opinion as opposed to all the other brands I've tried; including, and especially the most commonly used eb's. I have however had a slight issue with certain D strings. On occasion, it looks as if the winding is chipping off, but not at the frets. I change strings quite often so it really doesn't matter. Not sure what that's about but it doesn't affect anything and like I said this IS my second order of these so I gave them 5 stars. Any less and I'd look dumb.
I've been using these strings on my guitars for the last 30+ years.  They always give me consistent results.  I consider them one of the greatest bargains out there.
I love these strings, been using them forever and via Amazon Subscribe and Save I get them for a really good price.
I didn't give 5 stars just because I know there are better strings out there, but these strings are a great value and wouldn't hesitate to buy them again. In fact, I have already bought them several times. One little thing I appreciate about these strings is the different colored ends that makes them easy to identify.
For a good, basic set of regular light gauge electric guitar strings, it's difficult to go wrong with D'Addario's EXL110s.  The range of thicknesses generally works well, and D'Addarios tend to be pretty consistent.  Some other brands may offer special features that go beyond what you get with the EXL110s (e.g. coating, super brightness, and so on), and some players prefer a slightly heavier or slightly lighter gauge string (e.g. sets that start with 9s or 11s), but for most purposes these work great, hold their tuning well, and seem to last pretty well, too.
The D'Addario sets are good stuff. I got turned onto them about a decade ago by a coworker. The color coded ends are great whether you are new at changing strings or just want it more automated if you are an old veteran. With stretching, they stay in tune fine. The unknown truth about non-nylon strings (and maybe even them, too) is that there are only a handful of string makers, and D'Addario actually makes them for other companies (Gore uses them for their Elixir series, and just adds the polyweb coating). I also use the GHS standard .010 sets, and they are good too. My faves are the Ernie Ball sets, but they rarely go on sale. I don't remember who makes what strings for what companies, though. With offshore production a standard thing now, it's no telling where they actually come from anyways. I DOUBT that GFS strings are domestic production, for instance.
In my opinion, D'Addario is the standard by which all other strings are measured. I keep trying different brands from the cheap to the boutique, and I always keep coming back to D'Addario. Extremely versatile, stable and they last as long as can be reasonably expected of any non coated string.
These strings are good. Nice tone, last a decent amount of time, and they're cheap. Color coded ball-ends make it easy to string without having to pay much attention. I use these on all my electric guitars now, where before I used Dean Markley 11-52 (mostly Les Paul scale) - I moved to these when I got a strat-scale guitar. I don't remember why I picked these, other than they are cheap and readily available everywhere, where Dean Markley can be hit or miss.
These strings aren't for everyone, and probably not what you want for everyday, normal playing. But if you're looking for a fast-playing string with a bright sound, this is the string. In addition to putting them on my guitar, I also have a six-string banjo (guitar tuning) and just couldn't get the sound I wanted from regular guitar strings. Light guage nickel strings were recommended to me, and they were exactly what I was looking for. They have a clear, bright sound that great for picking and strumming. I play a lot of bluegrass and Irish music, and I feel these strings are ideal for that purpose. I use a lot of D'Addario strings on my various instruments, and I think they offer the most bang-for-the-buck in terms of quality and tone. You can pay more, but I don't think you get that much more. Although these were intended for electric guitar, they also work well on resonator guitars.
D'Addario Are The Best Strings That I Have Tried, I Used To Use Ernie Ball Super Slinky's But Found That These Last Longer, The Ernie's Bend and Play Well But They Tend To  Go Dull Faster Not To Mention The Ernie's Start Corroding Within A Week, These D'Addario Strings Stay Brighter Longer, I Usually Change Them About Every 4 Weeks, The Ernie's Only Last Me A Week, 2 Weeks At The Most, That Can Get Expensive Fast, All Around The D'Addario Strings Are The Strings 4 Me, Retraction, when I originally wrote this review I thought they were the best, Turns out they are in fact way better than Ernie Ball Strings, but they are no longer my preference, A friend of mine told me about DR strings and they are much better than these D'Addarios. DR's last three times as long as D'Addario. the DR's cost a lil more but they are way better, for the money Addarios are good but I would recommend spending a few dollars more for DR strings
An opinion on guitar strings is fairly subjective.  With that said, I've been stringing my jackson soloist w/ floyd rose with these strings for years.  I've never had a problem, and I wouldn't buy anything else.
They are ok not a big fan tho they have a odd metal sound when you play them. I had earnie ball on previously and I might switch back or go to dunlop witch I put on my 7 sting and love.  But I probably won't get these again..... Ever.
To be clear: I am quite the newbie guitar player.After i managed to break a string on my electric guitar, i decided to try and tackle replacing the strings myself, as most guitarists do. Things went alright, but on trying to tune the thinnest string, it broke. I just figured it was something I did, and wasn't the products fault, so i grabbed another string from another pack and that one went on fine. Overall, i've played quite abit with these strings, and have yet to break another one. Pretty good sound quality, and i like the idea that they pack the strings in a moisture-resistant package to prevent corrosion.
como siempre esta marca con sus productos de calidad es un producto 100% recomendado por mi! es superrr bueno!! OK
These strings have made me a D'Addario customer for life.  The sound and feel are perfect, and I find that they last much longer than more expensive coated strings.  I have no desire to buy any other brand.These strings are NOT over-hyped.
d,addario makes great strings, this just where not the gages I was lookin for.other than that I like this brand of strings
I've almost exclusively used Earnie Balls and D'addarios since I was a kid,and have always been satisfied. I've taken advantage of Amazon deals on both strings lately. The D'addarios are excellent strings, and this price on the 10-pack was unbeaten,anywhere.
These have good tone, but I can't see much of a difference over other brands at the same price point. I initially experienced buzzing after the string change with these but I needed to adjust the truss rod. Came in a timely manner from Sam Ash. Thanks!
These D'Addario  strings are great!  I am currently using them on my Epiphone Sheraton and compared to the Fender Bullets I had been using, these stay more uniform in tone throughout their life.  Intonation is good and I've noticed less breakage as well.These strings are a bit bright but have plenty of 'good' sparkle too and really sound good on my Strat, even more so than my Sheraton.  Being from the 'old school' I still much prefer strings to be packaged individually in paper, but what can ya do? Besides that, I am totally stoked and happy with these.  I think I might try 9's on the Sheraton but even as is they play (and sound) very good.
They sound great, and I'd purchase them again. With ten packs, it will likely be a while before I do so.
I bought these strings at a local shop for a Fender Telecaster on reccomendation from the guitar tech. These work well with the Telecaster tone and string through design. I like the tones I get from these and the price is very good. I do know that Ibanez uses XL's with all of their new guitars and I have used these srtrings with an older strat and they last a long time and stay in tune without issue mostly due to their basic fundamental design.I am not loyal to any string company, but I find that different companies work well on different guitars. I am a big DR string user with my other guitars which require thicker strings, so using 9 guage is new to me.Originally, I went to the shop for some EB super Slinky's after snapping the high E string which were sold out and went with these and could not be happier. I may buy the same strings next time, but I see Telecaster players using GHS Boomers in 9's, so that is also an option for the future.
I've tried just about every make of round wound electric guitar strings in the last 30-40 years, and I've settled on D'Addarios for all my guitars. Their strings are of uniformly high quality and excellent consistency, the price is right, they're color coded to make string changing easier, and they come in an air tight plastic package that keeps them from corroding even after sitting in a guitar case or a year or more. The 10s are my choice for rock and blues.
I've used these since I fist started playing, always trying the latest and greatest along the way, but I keep on coming back to these. They have a great feel to them, sound twangy and great, have decent durability, are cheap as all get out, and have the best multi pack deals out there(especially on Amazon)....I simply don't see any reason to switch atm. Try 'em out, you'll like 'em :)
I bought these to put on my Epiphone Sheraton II. I really like the thickness of the strings and the full tone they offer. Rhythm and lead styles both sound great. Definitely recommend these strings and will buy more in the future.
D'Addario strings are awesome!  These strings speak with a bold,defined and POWERFUL voice.  The bass strings boom with thunderous lows and the treble strings glisten with sparkling highs without being too harsh.  They are very sweet to the ears and tonally balanced across the board without one frequency overpowering the other. I have tried a lot of different strings, DR's, Ernie Ball, Dean Markley, Elixir, GHS, you name it.  After putting a set of EXL110's (10-46 gauge) on my Gibson SG special faded and comparing them to Ernie Ball I noticed a huge difference, not only were they brighter but they lasted longer.  I used to change a set of Regular Slinkys every two months but with EXL's I was changing strings every five to six months. They work in a variety of applications, metal, hard rock, jazz, blues, reggae, etc. and respond great at any dynamic level.  D'Addario is "The Player's Choice" for a reason after using these I can't see myself using anything else!  They feel good,sound great and are exceptionally consistent from set to set. If you haven't used them yet, give 'em a try and see what you're missing.
I have been playing guitar for three decades and It seems to me that D'Addario has been around.I use light strings when I want more control and easier bends for blues songs on my electric guitar.  Light strings in my hands do seem to wear out sooner, probably because I used them in this manner.  It is great that Amazon stocks these, making ordering convenient.  These come in a stay fresh vacuum pack, so ordering more than one and keeping an extra set around is prudent.
Daddy's never let you down. I like their longevity too. I don't switch til one cuts, so they last as cheap as I actually am.
Fits very well on my les Paul 100
I replaced the factory strings on myDean Playmate Avalanche Junior Solid Body Electric Guitar, Metallic Silver, 3/4 Sizeand what a difference in sound.  These strings seriously rock.  I also use D'Addario strings on my ukulele and I've had great luck with those. They withstand a lot of play and I don't have to replace them often. The best part is, the sound is so much brighter and louder.  Definitely recommended.
If you're a Froosh fan like me, than look no further. These are the strings used by John Frusciante (formerly of the Red Hot Chili Peppers). These strings really are special. They help nail his tone and are slick, light, feel and handle bends perfectly. I use these on my 1962 Strat Reissue and they really compliment the stratocaster well. Highly recommended for those playing blues/funk/rock.Plus, I mean, come on, John mother *&%$#$% Frusciante uses them! :p
The best strings i've ever had so far miles above ernie ball strings
One this is a Long Island Company located in Farmingdale New York. They are the leader in new technology of strings...
I've been using these for years. Tried others but I prefer these. I'd allways come back to D'addario's. They just sound good. I'm satisfied.
For this review, I used the services of my super-musician friend, Mike. Thanks for the very thorough review, Mike!******************D'Addario XL Nickel WoundRegular Light Gauge EXL110Bright Round Wound.010-.046I installed these strings on a Schecter Diamond Serier Acoustic - Electric HybridC-1 E/A in order to test the sound using both acoustic and electric settings. The strings were easy to work with on installation.In particular, I liked the color coding of the strings vs the traditional individuallywrapped strings. The color coding makes it hard to accidentally mix similar strings and ismore environmentally friendly in terms of packaging. Also, the sealed packet wouldappear to keep the strings from oxidizing longer.The strings tuned up quickly and reached stable tuning within a very short time frame.After only about an hour they needed only slight tuning adjustment and were ready to go.First, I tried the Hybrid using a clean acoustic setting and the string produced a surprisingly nice range of sound, especially in the lower registers. This was a bit unexpected because of the "bright" label on the package. I actually prefer a widerrange of frequencies so this was a nice bonus. The highs were clean and bright.Using the Bernard Butler setting on the Line 6 Amp I tried the electric side of the Hybrid.The action of the strings was light and fast and notes could be comfortably bent. The sound produced was very similar to that of the more expensive strings that previously were on the guitar, which leads me to my closing point.Overall, I was very pleased with the performance of these strings and when you consider the fact that they only cost around $3,  D'Addario EXL110's will be put in my "Best Buy" category for future purchases.
tough to even strech this into a full review...this is a no brainer! great strings, an industry standard at a great price, what's nor to love?!?
I have been a faithful user of D'Addario strings since a well meaning obsession-starter recommended them to me at a local music store.  Compared to other brands of nickel strings that I've used, these ones just feel "cleaner" than the others. They have a clearer sound, and seem to hold their tune better than most.If you're looking for acoustic strings, you can't beat the phosphorus bronze for warmth and clarity.  But if you're looking for electrics that are reasonably priced and sound clean, look no further.
I've been using the D'Addario strings for about 10 years now... US steel, US made and private labels provider for many other brands of strings.  (in other words many other flashy string package companies are just the middleman between you and the best strings... little known fact in the industry)  Their tone and longevityrivals any other string in the industry.  After 40plus years of playing, D'Addario Rocks.
These are good, quality strings that will last on your guitar for many months to come. Probably my second favorite after Ernie Ball.
These EXL115 .011 gauge D'Addarios are good strings at a good price.  They sound nice and bright on my Epiphone Sheraton II and particularly twangy on the lower end of the scale, which I like.  I'd rather get these and replace them periodically than try to make any kind of old strings last a long time.  The strings don't break either.
Great strings at a great price.  These strings have a nice sound to them and they aren't the flimsy little strings you normally get for you guitar.  Nice sound for a nice price...
I love these strings and the price too since I like to change them every time I do a modification to my guitars. Every couple months I change something making "Upgrades". They sound Great and stay in tune well.
I usually use 9s, but decided to try these 10s instead. I didn't notice much of a difference at first, but after a while I noticed that it's easier to tune between the G and D string (3rd and 4th strings) because the gauges are closer. Sound is just right for instrumental rock, shredding metal and delivering that Fatal Blow...
As stated, I use the D'Addario 9s and 10s on all my electric guitars except for theGibson LP's and I use Brite wires on those.I like the D'Addario's over the Brite wires because they have color coded balls and thismakes changing out all the strings at once a lot easier.I do not produce a lot of body acid, so strings last a very long time with me, no matterwho the manufacturer is, and I play many guitars in my collection so none of them gets heavyuse.The EXL strings produce great tone, and are great for bending.
These DAddario EXL110 strings are light, responsive and make my Gibson guitar sound great.  They work great. Why use anything else?
I use D'addario strings almost exclusively, they make a quality product and at $3 a box shipped to my door when I buy 10 packs is a great deal.
I've been playing for 8 years and I own 4 electric guitars.  All of my guitars are strung with D'Addario 10's.  They sound great when they're fresh and in my opinion they stay fresh the longest.  I play at least 15-20 hours per week so I put a decent amount of wear and tear on my strings.  It's really the durability that sets these apart.The Amazon price is terrific.  I like to restring my main guitar a little bit more than once a month and I can buy a year's worth of these for the same price as 1 set of bass strings.  I'd definitely recommend these strings and recommend purchasing through Amazon.
As with any Daddario or planet waves product, it's always great quality and has great tone. I've used almost every brand of stings out there, but I always come back to Daddario.
If you're into playing blues, these strings have great tone and due to being a light guage, they allow you to bend the strigs easier.  I'm not a working musician and only play for my own enjoyment, but I'd use these anywhere.
Love these strings.  Great for bending and awesome sound.  I don't change strings nearly often enough but with a three pack I can rest assure that I always have a back up set just in case.
I've been hooked on D'Addarios for quite a while.  The per-unit price on these is great, and I never worry about breaking one of these.
D'Addario Strings are not my usual strings, I have always used GHS and Ernie Ball Strings.To my surprise D'Addario Strings are very nice, however after 20+ years of GHS and Ernie Ball Strings it's tough for me to make a full time change over to D'Addario Strings.
I like these strings. I have had nothing but problems with Ernie Ball strings, especially the higher ones unravelling at the ball ends and breaking as you are tuning up for the first time after a change. I have also found that the Ernie Balls break easily as well. I have had no problems with these, they sound good, feel good, and they are priced right.
D'Addario always comes through for the musician who wants a great product on the cheap. I've used boutique strings for many years, but always come back to these. Great tone, great string life (with a little maintenance) and very reasonably priced. Loved these as a replacement for the Fender Super Bullets that came on my USA Fender Standard Stratocaster.
I'm a huge fan of D'Addario strings. They hold their tone & tuning longer than others I've tried, and when you buy the bulk packs you can't go wrong on quality + value.
After tons of experimenting, I settled on the EXL116 for D standard and E flat standard. I've tried 10-52 but the top is a little too floppy for D and that makes notes sound out of tune if you don't press the string just right. Also tried 11-56 and while that gives a real solid and full rhythm tone, the attack is too rounded due to the pick taking longer to travel over a wider string. That reduces articulation. So while you get a fuller sound with the 56, you get more dynamics and attack with the 52, and the latter makes metal rhythms sound heavier. You can EQ fullness into a rhythm track, but you can't add in pick attack and greater dynamics.Tension wise, at D standard 11-56 is ideal but 11-52 is doable. Sound wise, 11-52 has been best for my metal recordings and that's why I'm sticking with the EXL116 set from now on. I also replaced the G string with a 20 gauge wound for better sounding power chords. And compared to Ernie Balls, D'addarios start off less bright but maintain their brightness longer, thus a more even and predictable response over time.
I use these light guage strings because I have arthritis.  Makes a big difference in how easy it is to play the guitar again.  And if you buy them in a 10 pack, you save a bunch of money!
This was a good purchase.  My son has discovered guitars and music and when he needed strings, Amazon was his go-to place to buy them.  He found exactly what his guitar needed and at a good price.  He's very happy with this purchase.
I read some of the reviews and that people almost had to guess what strings were what. However on the bag that it comes with, to prevent corrosion, and on the box itself have a color coded guide saying what string is what color on the nut. The strings themselves are the normal color for strings.
Great strings and they seem to hold their sound a long while. I&#8217;m not sure why a few people are putting these strings down; I&#8217;ve used them numerous times without any issues. They last as long and sound as good as any other brands I&#8217;ve played.
Great deal on great strings. They sound clear and bright and they last a good while. Quality strings DO sound different, and nearly as importantly, they feel good too.
