I bought this to bring my fender strat with me on airplane trips.  I check the guitar in baggage with this case and it seems to protect it just fine.  the it is very good for a Stratocaster and there is a little extra room inside for tuner, picks, tuning forks, capo, etc.  and..........the price was very good.  best I could find for this time of hard case.  The only thing that is sort of weird is that most employees at the airport are constantly asking me if I have a gun in case.  If you need basic protection of your guitar, this will do very well.  I do not know if it will fit other guitars.  I have heard that some are too long for it.  but.......for the Fender stat, it works just great.
I ordered this for my Jackson DKMG. This is my 1st Gator case, and I'm very pleased with it. It is similar to SKB and fits my guitar very nicely. Being lightweight is a big plus as well, and also the secure feeling of having a HSC. I will definitely buy this again for other guitars and highly recommend it. Just remember that this model is for standard type axes; Strats, Teles and such.
are hard to beat when it comes to durability. (except the steel ones).  I use it when I travel on a plane especially
This Gator Case is very good, I'm use with a fender stratto and it is fit perfectly on this one.
This is the best case ever for the money!  I have purchased four other cases and none are as well constructed as the Gator Deluxe.  I like this case so much, I plan to purchase two more this week.
A friend and I have run across a luthier who makes some cool stuff as well as repairing/restoring older guitars. My friend had a Tele custom made for him and needed a case so I ordered this one and it hits the spot. The neck is cradled in there nice and the guitar doesn't move at all. My buddy likes the case so I am happy.Nothing gets 5 stars - there are no generals present.
I recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars. One was in the SKB Fender case ($99.95 on Amazon), the other in this Gator case purchased locally.  I was told it was just as good as the Fender case. Both ended up in checked luggage.  After 1 flight from Florida to LAX and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section gave up.  The padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case.  Neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but after having the padding fall out, I just ordered another SKB Fender case.  The Gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips.  The SKB Fenders will be my airline cases from now on.
