This Behringer box is a very good tool, effect I would recommend to anyone from beginner to pro. One thing should be noted the light is amber not blue and no 9 volt battery is required. The device comes with a removable power cord, which  to me is a big plus.
This pedal is "ok" by which I mean, I provides the basic functions it says it does. Quality-wise, it feels a bit cheapish....I was afraid I was going to snap a pot off or something while playing it. The case is metal but feels like the thinnest sheet metal they could get away with building it from. The power switch and chorus/vibrato switch were clearly the cheapest switches they could find, and are not that easily accessible by a toe...you gotta bend over and flip those. They are small.On the other hand it was only sixty-nine-bucks - relatively inexpensive for a multifunction effect pedal.I don't care for the rear facing upwardly angled input, output and power jacks. That's not pedal board friendly in my opinion. Nice as a tabletop effect. The footprint is fairly huge on the board at about 7.75" x 6.5" (approx). The "standard" 9V center negative power supply is a "postive" (excuse my pun.)If you are looking for a way to play with signal modulation - echos, vibratos, reverbs, old style choruses...this is not a bad way to get started playing with that. You can make a lot of sounds without breaking the bank.Personally, I have other effects that make these sounds and do it in a smaller space, so for me...not a keeper. Your situation might be different than mine.Not a bad product, acceptable at it's price point, just didn't impress me much.
When you purchase this product the advertisement leads you to believe a separate power supply is required but it does come with its own power supply.  There is no need to purchase a separate Behringer PSU-SB.Otherwise the time machine works fine, as described.
I really like this delay. It's simple and works well. I really am starting to love Behringer. Great pedal for a great price.
This is an awesome analog echo effect. Very similar to a EHX Memory Man it does it all. The only complaint is the pots have limited function unlike the MM so instead of a lot of play on some of the knobs you have a very little bit of play which can be annoying. Other than that for the price its just awesome.
