These are the best acoustic money can buy in my opinion. They play extremely well and last a Long time. There's nothing better than these strings.
I have a 1993 Taylor which is in mint condition. I always use Martin on any acoustic. I bought the Taylor about 6 months ago and have found that the Medium Martin Strings are best for this particular guitar ... every acoustic is different though.
Fast shipping, great price and most of all great stings, very satisfied would buy these strings again and would recommend to a friend.
Long story short, this string set has a strong metallic character, which distorts the natural sound of your guitar so much. Many people might like it, but for me, absolutely Noooooooo!I have a seagull guitar, so by its nature it sounds mellow, warm and mild with stock strings. So when my strings wear out, I got this. Now I feel like playing an EMG bridge on my fender/archtop's neck position, WITHOUT the power that an EMG pickup has to offer. Yes, it is that bad, you can't do this to guitars like Seagulls...Bottom line, I recommend this string set for people looking to boost distortion on their guitar. If you have guitars like seagulls or so, definitely avoid this string.
If your not sure what to buy you are prob looking for the light strings. These are a littl ehard to play.
These were purchased for my sons guitar. He loves them. I plan on buying him another set of them for Christmas.
I really like the mediums.  They are able to play the biggest variety of styles without being to heavy or not durable enough.
The Martin MSP4200 SP Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Medium  are very good strings that are just below strings like Elixer's except they are much much less expensive.
With a nice clean, crisp sound, inexpensive price, and durable history, I've made these strings apart of my acoustic set. I've got at least 6 spares at home right now. XD
I am not a connoisseur but nothing great about these strings.  They have pretty good sound but they seem to die quickly.
I've used these strings for quite a while now. They have a fantactic tonal quality and longevity. If you're looking for a good string that last a fair amount of time before dead string syndrome hits... I'd recommend these.
