Does what its suppose to..only giving it 4 stars because they should have a multiple preset switch available rather then only letting you do one
This switch goes with the Fender Blues Jr. III series of tube amps.  The connector is well hidden, it is up underneath the main badge on the back of the amp and you have to reach up underneath to find it.  These are single channel amps, the foot switch activates the Fat Switch, which gives a little extra boost to folks playing single coil pickups.  For an LP or other double coil the switch is almost overkill.  But this is the switch for that amp.
I needed a single button switch for my little Mustang I that I practice on. I've never owned the Fender model switch but I know what it is. It will do the job but it's lightweight and won't sit flat on the floor if the cord isn't laying exactly right. I searched a little further and ran across this switch on Amazon by scrolling down a bit. "Marshall Footswitch, One Button With LED by AmplifiedParts." Folks, this thing is built like a tank. The casing is made of heavy duty (I don't know what gauge) solid steel. There's nothing rinky dink about it. I plugged it in to the FTSW jack, clicked the button, the LED lit up and the amp switched to the other tagged preset. Again, light went out and back to the original. It felt solid under my foot and I don't think one can tear the casing up unless they have a 3 or 4 lb. sledge hammer. I don't know how well the electronics will hold up (I just got it today) but the switch, again, feels solid like it's supposed to. It cost me $20.90 with shipping. It takes a couple of days longer to arrive than what we're use to with Amazon but it ships directly from AmplifiedParts, I believe. I'm a Fender fan but this beats their single switch. Thanks for reading guys. Lane H.
I've noticed that the two-button tremelo/vibrato pedals for the Fender Deluxe Reverb re-issue and Twin Reverb re-issue break down pretty quick. This replacement, so far, is hanging in there.
This is a simple footswitch that allows you to switch between two different presets on your Fender Mustang amp. It is very easy to use, and works exactly as advertised. This switch is not bulletproof, but works great for playing around with your small practice amp.
Mr Miyagi couldn't have said it any better.Robust, compact unit which I use with a Fender Rumble 75. Plenty of lead so I can position it where I need it, and thank heavens for duct tape.
Nice foot switch for the mustang amp. Able to switch from clean to distortion quickly within a song easily. Great quality.
Switches channels on my Mustang II like a charm. Would have received a 5-star rating had it been in a metal enclosure. It is plastic, but it suits my needs.
gives a nice little boost on my blues jr, however this is not a replacement for an overdrive pedal in my opinion, just more of a boost. wish it had a grippy bottom made from rubber vs a smooth bottom made from plastic...
The fender 1 button footswitch is made specifically for the Fender Mustangs 1&2 It works exactly how i expected it to switches quickly and on point from effects though its only good for 2 effects (DUH!) the right angled plug is annoying after awhile because its RIGHT next too where you plug your guitar in and oftens get tangled with my guitar cord making it look messy. Other then that it gets the job done for when i practice & jam out with friends.
Bought this switch as the OEM for my son's Bronco 40 which gives you an off/preset 1/preset 2 switching set up.  Simple, light and does what its suppose to.  Not built like a tank, but better than the cheap after market versions.  Gives you lots of cable so that it is good and practical for real life gig set ups.  Cable and plug are solid, thick Fender quality components. Worth the money.
At this time, I am using this switch on my Fender Frontman 25R to switch between the normaland drive channels. The 90 deg. jack is perfect for this (and a lot of amps),as there are no dials in this area. I have run into the 90 deg. jack problem, and the onlysolution I have found is to use a Mono to Stereo 1/4 inch gender changer, or a short monoextension cable (which is what I normally use, as the stereo jack presents added problems) as nobody makes a 1/4inch mono female to 1/4inch mono male gender changer, which I have found to be more than a little strange.This is a very old style switch that is made in China (like everything else) but works very wellfor this simple task. I have 4 on hand.
Since I paid about $13 for this, I was not expecting a great deal. What I received was a decent enough floor switch for a Fender Mustang I or II. It works well as a way to switch between two user-determined presets on my Mustang II. Construction is about as good as I would normally get on a $13 item. It would be nice if the switch design allowed greater flexibility, but that's a function of the Mustsng II design overall. I'm not grading the switch on that.If you have a compatible Fender amp and can get this for less than $15, then it's a good deal. If prices go above that, best to wait it out or check the pricing of used units on the Amazon Marketplace.
This works great with the Mustang I amp.  Switches between to preset channels with just a tap of the foot.  A great addition to an already great amp.  At this price it's kinda like the amp itself-  a no brainer!
I just bought a tweed Blues Jr. and love the amp. It's got a great tone, much better than the black one I had 3-4 yrs. ago. I just downsized from a 40 watt Blues Deluxe reissue and having compared them side by side I can say they sound very, very similar, as they have the same speaker, but the BJ is much lighter.That being said the fat switch really makes a lot of difference when taking a solo. I was actually surprised at how much it fattens up the tone, didn't do that on my last one. This pedal works great for that too, It feels very solid and it doesn't make any audible clicking noises that I can hear when engaging it.
