Nice cables.  So far I've not had any problems with them, but haven't put them through a lot of use just yet.  Also have the Planet Waves Custom Series cables that work just as well for less money!  I'll have to see over time which brand out lasts the other.
I've had one of these for about 20 years, have gigged with it extensively, and I've only had to replace it once. (more on that later).I'm not really a cork-sniffer re: guitar tone.  I think most of our tone comes from our fingers, and so the trend in the last several years toward high dollar guitar cables is lost on me.  I think this Monster cable sounds fine.  Better?  Well, better than what?  I don't really notice a difference when I use different cables.  Maybe a slight difference in the high frequencies, but it's so slight as to be negligible.I look for guitar cables that will last.  That's what I really care about, and so far this Monster cable does the trick.  I use other brands, too - this is my most expensive cable but I think it was worth the $40 I spent all those years ago.Oh, and the return process.  This was maybe 10 years ago.  I called Monster, they gave me their address and I had to pay about $3 to ship it back to them.  About 2 weeks later I had a new cable.  I consider that to be excellent customer service.
I thought I was using good guitar cables but I kept getting intermittence with one.So I tried this Monster cable. It eliminated the problem.My only minor complaint is that it is very stiff. This is minor but no matter what I do it curls up unless you have it fully extended.I would still recommend it though.
This cable is extra heavy, not like the cheaper ones.  The plugs are of excellent quality also.  The sound that transfers through this cable is REMARKABLY IMPROVED over my old cable.  I urge you to purchase if you are looking...you won't be disappointed. BTW, I am a verified purchaser, just can't say enough good about this cable...I'm really impressed!
Monster Cable is one of the things on earth we can count on!Seriously speaking all my cables are Monsters, yes they are pricy and sometimes very much, true.But they last really lifetime and I never ever had to complain or heard a friend complaining on Monster products.PEACE
I should've just got this cable the first time. I have been using Monster for years. I recently tried a coiled guitar cable and learned the hard way.
I bought this Monster cable (12 feet, angled) and plugged it into my Create Amp.  WOW.  Clear and no static.  I can also wrap this monster up easily because it is not stiff, but very plyable.  Heavy duty and rugged, it should last forever.  Thinking about buying another one.  Great stuff.
These cables are perfect... The quality of this cables are incredible and the sound is excellent.. I really love Monster cables...
The monster chord is great looking, but for me, they are too stiff. I play an acoustic guitar, so I don't run around a lot. The cord must be made to be able to take some abuse, but I don't need that.
