I've played string instruments for the better part of 55 years... Starting with a cheap Tijuana Wood box as a 5 year old, progressing to Martin 6 and 12 string Acoustic guitars, and a few electric Fender and Gibson units.... All good in their own respect.I decided to treat myself to a Les Paul for my 58th birthday but, not having the financial resources to buy a $3,000.00 git, I shopped and shopped... Finally settling on this Cherry Burst LP-100.It arrived in perfect condition, the slightly smooshed outer packaging notwithstanding. It was even "sorta" in tune... but a quick dial-in with the electronic tuner brought that right.Simply put, Nice guitar. After allowing the strings and neck to settle in together, I spent a few hours a week later adjusting string height, intonation, and pick-up distances, and now this LP *ROCKS* !!!If you're going to spend mid-range $$$ on a fine practice / performance guitar, you can't go wrong with this one, kids - Two Thumbs Up ![Suggestion: A Fender Mustang 1 or 2 amp makes this guitar sound even better...]
exactly the same as describe here, love the sound and easy to play. great price for excellent sound, highly recommend to everyone.
I bought this as a present for my daughter to learn guitar on. She absolutely loves it. Everyone that has played on it over the past few weeks loves it. You can't beat this for the price!!!
This is a fine guitar, but it isn't amazing.  My particular instrument has some issues with the finish in a couple of places around the perimeter of the guitar - they look like black splotches underneath the sunburst paint and clear-coat.  There's one near the top strap post and another near the place where the pick-guard mounts to the underside of the body.  Neither would be apparent to someone who wasn't appraising the guitar, but they are there and don't look normal to me.  Maybe I got the first one off the line after they switched from black-painted models?  My guitar also has a weird V shape on the back of the neck where the wood grain doesn't match at all - I'm guessing that it's a joint that has been glued together.  I know that the better Les Paul guitars have a one-piece neck, and since I didn't read about this one having something different, I assumed it would be the same.  Glue is stronger than wood and Les Paul guitars have a tendency to break in that area, so I guess my guitar should be more durable than some. Still, it was a disappointing and unexpected discovery.  I'm not sure that seeing these finish issues before-hand would've dissuaded me from buying the same guitar, but upon reflection it would've been much smarter to visit a music store and examine the guitar before buying.My remaining issues with the instrument have more to do with the general design of all Les Paul guitars versus my particular instrument.  The guitar is too small for me to comfortably play it without a strap, even while sitting.  The top strap peg is angled up slightly, where guitars with horns have them angled down, which means that investing in the install of a straplock system of some kind is a good idea with a Les Paul - the pegs just don't stay in the strap holes as well as on some other guitars.  It's great that this guitar has all the knobs and switches that &#34;real&#34; Les Paul guitars do, but from a practical standpoint it is rather cumbersome to have separate volume and tone knobs for each pickup.  The range of adjustment on the saddles is pretty small, and I found it impossible to setup the guitar for coated .09 strings without additional hardware.The guitar sounds decent, it looks pretty great (although not quite as pretty as the pictured one), and due to its shorter scale length it is a tad easier to play than some other guitars.  Note: the shorter scale length is characteristic of Les Paul guitars, it doesn't indicate that this is less than a &#34;full-sized&#34; guitar.  Though this is a fine guitar for the price, I'm not sure that I would make the same choice if I were in the same position again.
I have been playing guitar for over 30 years. I've owned and played a variety of guitars in my lifetime. My wife bought this guitar for me as a gift. I cannot begin to tell you how much I love this guitar. It is a solid, well built guitar. The finish is beautiful. The pictures do it no justice. It sounds incredible. It has great tone and sustain, wonderful harmonics. The clean tones are nice and warm. The neck is fast. No fret noise or hums. The pickups are really nice. Its very versatile and you can play just about anything with it. From blues to hard rock & metal. I would perform live with this guitar in a heartbeat. You cannot find a better guitar for this price. I would have expected it to cost much more. I am extremely impressed with this great guitar. You can bet, when I add the next guitar to my collection, it will be another epiphone. Well done Epiphone!!
I had been learning on a Squier for about six months and really wanted a better guitar. After doing research, reading reviews, and checking it out in a guitar store, I chose this one.It's much easier to play than the Squier, and it has a better sound. Like the Squier (but not as bad), it gets a little buzzy on the top strings. I suspect it might need to be adjusted, but I don't have a clue as to how to go about it.It's also a good choice for women. I'm a small woman, and I really like that the neck is smaller. It's also fairly lightweight.Overall, I'm happy with my choice. A guitar tech told me it's the best guitar out there under $500. Maybe. I expect to be happy with it for a few years before I upgrade again.
I bought it 3 years ago here at amazon and I couldn't be happier.  This was my first electric and after over a year of owning it, I got a way more expensive Fender Strat and I still prefer how this Epiphone feels; it is really lightweight, a lot more that even other Les Pauls and the distance between frets is smaller than the one in other guitars I have tried, this makes it VERY easy to play, it stays in tune and it looks really REALLY lovely.I like it so much, that I decided to add a pair of Slash's Alnico IIs on it, that cost more than the guitar itself, this only made it sound incredibly awesome and improve the sustain, good ol' crunchy-bluessy rock.Call me cheap if you want and I wouldn't care, this is one of those items that makes you wonder, how come there's others way more overpriced and just don't find a way to justify that a "real" Gibson Les Paul will sound $800 - $1000 better.It wasn't until recently (after 3 years - I estimate somewhere around 1000 hours of heavy use) that it started fretting and that's why I gave it only 4 stars; but what would you expect from a $200 guitar...?  I'm sure this can be easily fixed by any guitar tech and it will continue been the sweet-tone machine it has always been.  If you're learning, looking for a first electric or just want a "practice" axe that will not dissapoint you, just go ahead and buy it, don't give it a 2nd thought and do it.
I have been playing guitar since I was 6 years old (over 3 decades) and I must say this was a very pleasant surprise.  I haven't had an electric in years, and didn't have the budget to get a Gibson, so picked up this Epi Les Paul 100 instead, along with a Fender Mustang I Amp.  Great combination.  This guitar has a very sloid feel, and came set-up perfectly right out of the box.  All it needed was tuning.  Unlike others, I didn't feel that the strings I got needed to be changed right away, but probably within the first two weeks you will want to change them.  Replaced mine with Ernie Ball "Not Even Slinky's" and couldn't be happier with the way this thing plays and sounds.  Great sustain, beautiful harmonics, the clean tones are warm, can get nice blues tones out of it, and superb thrash metal too.  Very versatile.  It does not quiet do country or jazz, but it wasn't really meant to.The action is extremely easy, fret board has a great feel to it, good width on the neck, not too slinder but not too thick.  It just feels good in your hands.The finish on this product is very nice.  One thing though, the pick guard is kind of a tan / cream off white color, not bright white as pictured, but it still looks great.Also, not mentioned in the description, but this does come with a 12 foot cord, but it's not the best quality.  Would recommend picking up a new one when you order.Overall, this is well worth the $500 that they list as the MSRP.  At less than half that its a steal.If you are considering this instrument, don't hesitate.
Well, the Epiphone Les Paul came in earlier this morning!Am I impressed? U bet cha!This thing is simply beautiful! It arrived well padded in a double box. Initially, I spent a few minutes going over the whole guitar with a magnifier to see if I could spot any flaws. NONE! Not a finger print on it anywhere! This guitar is extremely well made and put together right. It was in tune out the box and the action is smooth as butter. The neck is slim (which is good for my thick hands) and the jumbo frets have no burrs or other abnormalities. I put a quarter under the 10th. fret and it's right on the &#34;money&#34;!It's considerably heaver than than I thought.  I would imagine it weighs about 10-14lbs. I have a strap ordered and on the way.The maple top is a work of art with a superior finish. All the metal hardware appears top quality as are the Duncan pickups. This Epiphone is a lot easier to play than any thing I ever had.  Your hand floats over the frets!I don't think you could get a better piece for the price point.
This is one awesome guitar!  I also purchased the Fender Mustang I Amp, Epiphone custom case (fits like a glove) and Planet Waves Planet Lock Leather Guitar Strap (comfortable and very secure) which made for an UNBELIEVEABLE combination along with Rocksmith 2014.  I cannot imagine anyone being disappointed with this combination.  The only problem in my household is....who gets to play next.
Waited two months before reviewing my les paul 100 to make sure there were no issues.  I am very happy with the guitar.  It came well padded and was in excellent shape.  It was set up well and has played well out of the box.  Just did my first string change making sure I used the same gauge of string and didn't have to make any adjustments to the guitar.  Played as well after the change as it did before.  Was a little nervous about an online purchase and not being able to play the guitar before buying but when you live out in the sticks and it's a major trip to get to a real guitar store you sometimes take your chances.  Anyway it all worked out as the guitar is very easy to play, free prime two day shipping, no sales tax, and saved about $80 in gas it would have taken to make a trip to buy one in a store.  The savings in gas and tax paid for about half of my new Mustang 2 v2 amplifier.The only thing is on the epiphone site it states all their electric guitars include a cable in the box.  This one did not and from reading their forum it seems it is almost a normal thing for cords to somehow disappear before reaching the customer.  It is not a big deal to me but I thought I'd mention it for those thinking of buying a epiphone.  When I ordered this one I wasn't really sure if a cable would be included or not so I ordered one at the same time, I'm glad I did.
