Every issue I had was ironed out by Mackie support.They are seriously fabulous.I'm using this for a simple weigh station between my DAW and my Tascam 16 track.So far, no problems at all.
I have been using this since the day it arrived, it was very easy to setup although windows 8 reads the device as a speaker so the USB does not work for me that way.  It has a great sound and I am very pleased with it.
I first bought the Yamaha MG102c mixer, but it arrived defective so I returned and bought this instead.First impression of ProFX8 is very good.  It's a lot more durable/heavy than the mg102c, and the knobs are constructed much better.For example, all the knobs that have centering dent on MG102c doesn't line up well, some are off by a few degrees.  But on this ProFX8 every dented knob line up beautifully pointing up.  Knob turning pressure is also consistent and firm.Really like the EQ on the Main output.  As well as mute on every channel.  Build-in FX effects are okay, you have to turn fx knob all the way up to feel anything.When using USB to do recording (with Audacity) there is noticeable buzz sound along side any recording, regardless if microphone channel is turned off or not.Microphone preamp is so-so I guess.  I have a AKG d5 and SM58, with both mics I have to turn gain and channel volume to 90% to get a decent output.But it does the function perfectly.  Runs a little bit on the hot side.  Power cable is kinda short, so you may want to look for a longer one.
I could not be happier... Excellent sound, easy controls, very responsive and is better than advertised.  The effects are excellent, and feel and quality of parts are wonderful.  Buy it.
By now, you have probably read about the problem with the USB connection generating a high pitch sound during recording making the USB functionality unusable (an Amazon reviewer referred to this as a "fatal flaw," and I heartily agree). I experienced this firsthand, then read folks struggling with the issue on the Mackie support blogs. When I called Mackie support to seek a fix, I was told that the problem was well known and the newer lots had been corrected with new hardware. They sent me a new Mackie Board from the newer lots, and I returned my old one. I have not had any problems with the USB functionality since. I am thankful to Mackie for the great customer service, especially since I addressed the problem after the one year warranty had expired.I'm assuming that purchases made now will not have the problem, but if it does, contact Mackie to get a replacement.At this point, I am still running the board through its paces, but thus far so good.
