These are high quality cables, both construction wise and in audio quality.  I use these shorter cables if I have to run bits of my rack to external amps/units, ie: unplugging and plugging in a lot, and I find these cables stand up to more abuse than the average cable.  I'm satisfied.
Good Quality cable and price. Works as good as those expensive 99 dlls cables.It does not make any noise
Sometimes I have to run a longer cable to a snake if I'm doing the big band thing. Otherwise, I use this cable at every show. Love it.
Looks vintage but works great at a great price. As good or better than my Monster cable for a lot less money!
This is my second Spectraflex cable and I love them. I love their flexibility, options for colors and ends, build quality and price. I like to use quality guitar cables for a good sound but I don't need to spend a fortune on them to be run over on stage by roadies or ripped off because the cable costs more than some guitars do.
got this short cord to go from amp to waa! It works perfect for it I own a few Spectraflex cables and they are all fine
Rugged ends very flexible seem like this cable should hold up very well , does not tangle which is a real plus if you tend to move around a lot , connectors seem to be heavy duty , time will tell but I would assume that this cable should last a long time .
After suffering through crackles, lost signals, and all the rest, I decided to heed the numerous positive reviews of the Spectraflex tweed cable and purchase one through Amazon.com.  Because the new acoustic-electric classical I received as a gift has an end-pin outlet, I bought the Spectraflex with the right angle connector.  Although I have been using the cable for only a few weeks, I am very impressed.  The connections on all the guitars and basses on which I've used it are sure, with no loss of signal, no crackles.  Perhaps most impressive is the fact that I can turn the right angle connector around and never have any change of signal.  Finally, I can be confident that when I play, something will consistently come out of the amplifier.  By the way, the old-school tweed look is a plus, too.
Well, what can I say? Based on the customer reviews, this purchase seemed like a no-brainer. However, after only 4 months of light use (used on my rig at home) it is toast. The cable barely holds a signal now (constantly need to jiggle the thing to work). And before you ask, &#34;is it perhaps your output jack?&#34;, all of my other cables work with my gee-tar. So it is definitely the cable :(Anyway, I gave it 2 stars because while it WAS working it sounded great through my Roland JC120.
Spectraflex makes great cables. I bought this right angle 10' red cable for my older Ibanez guitar. This cable is built to be extremely durable, is made in the USA, and comes with a lifetime warrantee. The 20 gauge construction and rugged nylon braiding makes for a very low noise cable, and the connectors are very secure and feel quite substantial (especially compared to a cheaper Fender cable I had been using that required almost constant tightening.) Though Spectraflex cables are not the least expensive (nor the most expensive,) they are a great value and I am definitely a fan. I recommend this cable without reservations.
I purchased three of these (three different colors) to make a mini-snake for my keyboard to their Di's.  I typically used Mogami 2524/Neutrik, but need cakes while in the road (I usually roll my own to exact length).  These have worked well, quiet, no handling noise, seem well built (I treat cables well, so I don't really test them with under tough circumstances) and hopefully will remain in their spot for the foreseeable future.  They are used 6 nights a week, and after 50 uses, no problems.  I recommend them (plus, for live, the fabric cables in different colors are great for easily identifying which is which for a road crew member who might not know audio well.).  Nice pieces...
I keep this cable on my pedal board -Pedaltrain MINI With Soft Case. I've posted a photo on the pedaltrain Mini page. The right angle connector is great to exit the last pedal on the board and the straight connector goes into the amp. I use a Mogami silent cable -Mogami Platinum Guitar 12, Straight to Straight with Quiet Plug 12 feet- for the input to my guitar, but I can't justify paying a LOT more money for the side that goes to my amp (it's not getting bumped around, plugged and unplugged, etc.). This cable works perfect for it's purpose. Oh yeah... and it matches my tweed amp!!
This is a pretty strong cable. I wanted something I can plug into my top loaded amp and the jack would stand out in case I'm sitting on the amp. the angle does the job. seams strong , seams like it will last.
I bought two to run from my amp to a lone pedal effect that I use with my bass.  The 90 degree ends go to the pedal and it makes for a non-intrusive smart looking setup.  I'm pleased.  I've owned them for a few months now.  No issues at all and they look good.
I'm a professional musician and love these cables, they look great and perform great and feel a lot tougher than the rubber covered cables I've been using
This has become my number one cable for my Carvin bass. I gig with it a couple times per week and it has been rock solid. I only use something different if I need a longer reach. And I love the tweed cover. Very satisfied with this one.
