I've used the FX600 for a couple of years.  I've got a pedal board, with several pedals, but if I had to take only one pedal with me, (and I often do, when I have to travel lite), this is the pedal I take.  Not only do I get a full selection of effects, but the pedal doubles as a DI unit, solving input issues on some problem sound systems I've played thru.  That's probably an unintended benefit, but I find it a valuable feature, which gives me confidence to play thru any system.  FYI, my buddy's Digitech multi-effect pedal actually introduces hum into systems, where this (FX600) has helped me get a cleaner sound.  While this unit has no tone adjustments, it also adds 'something' to make my guitars sound better (I know that is sort of vague).  The only down side of this pedal that I have found is that, because they have jammed so much stuff into one pedal, it is a little hard to make precise adjustments.  But, with what this pedal DOES do for me, that's a small price to pay.  For this price, I can't see why anyone would not like this pedal.
I recommend itthese pedals are perfectunder price excellent qualityI like the sound it is very goodthank you for this product
behringer may be cheap, but they do create some good products, for this one it's a hit and miss. although i ordered three of them.
This should be your first pedal. For 50 bucks you get every effect except distortion. No other pedal comes close to delivering more bang for the buck. It's clean, High Fidelity, and versatile as a swiss army knife.
This is an amazing pedal. delay , flanger ,phaser , tremolo , pitch shifter. All sound really good and completely adjustable. Only downfall is that you can only use a single function at any one time. For the price this is a steal. Behringer Rocks.
I got this because at just around 32 bucks, its pretty much seemed like a stealcompared to other pedals I was looking at.But a few notes..If you buy this, definitely have/buy a 9v adapter with a (-) polarity.Also know that when people said that little blue light was blinding, well,they weren't kidding. I've put a little paper and tape over mine as well, however it isn't sticking.It might not have the best effects or effect strength, but as my amp has no built in effects, its better than nothing.If you're cheap like me but want effects, this is decent, although the chorus effect seems particularly weak.
