To all heavy music guitarist, I highly recommend this one! Try a set of this and you will feel like a rock star!
I got a pair of these strings in early august, i still have them, but being as doubtful as i am, i just bought an extra pair from this seller ( who shipped amazingly fast, it got here in about 3 days!)any ways, the strings stay bright for a long time, don't/have not lost there color yet/rusted (after a little more than four months)and they are everything a guitar player looks for in strings. i do a lot of string bends and these have just held up to it. I have a B.C Rich SOB Avenge, so i can't tell you what its like with a tremolo, but i just like them. I have tried out GHS, First act, Dunlop, and D'addario's and these are the only ones that have last for so long with out showing any signs of significant wear.
I love these strings, they never stop amazing me! ... wether you use them for electric or acoustic they always work well, clean bright tones and heavy riff giving, these strings last and work well.. I've never tried another type of strings and I don't think I will
Great strings. They last longer than some of the others and easy to re-string the guitarother brands do not seem to stand up to Ernie Balls
I almost always use Ernie Ball strings on my electric guitars. I've been using them for 30 years and never have been let down by the quality and sound.
At one point I had a strong hatred for these strings on my strat, but then I smartened up, worked my calluses to the point where I could probably play 13-62's tuned to E with no trouble, and realized that these strings worked great for my strat, because of the strong tone that these provide, and ease of bending on the upper frets. These strings also are good for Les Pauls, where the scale length is shorter than the Fender guitars, making bending like velvet.
For the price they are awesome strings.... I like the sound(I like a little heavier sound), and I'm hoping the high E will hold up a little longer than the lower gauge &#34;its always the first to go&#34;. You cant beat the price on amazon I paid 9.50 at my music store but I needed strings ASAP, I will order back ups at this price.
