The last thing I would think to upgrade to improve the quality of my music is the cable. I did not know that these cables actually made a difference. My guitar sounds cleaner when I use this cable versus another generic cable that I've had for a while. It was a pleasant surprise. I also heard about the wonderful warranty that Monster has. The cable has so many good things going for it, I now know what to buy the next time I need one.
I wasn't sure about all the hype folks were giving this cable, but I am now - it really improved the sound of my acoustic guitar through the amp.I did a little experiment.  I plugged in my old cable, played the guitar as I adjusted the amp until I got a pleasant sound from the speakers.  Then, I turned the amp off, unplugged the old cable and plugged in this new Monster Rock cable.  Next,  I simply turned the amp back on (the sound levels were already set and I did not touch them) and played my guitar again.  The volume was louder and I think nicer with the new Monster cable.I'm buying a few more Monster Rock cables to replace all my old cables.
You should find another review from me, but suffice it to say I just won't skimp on my cables when I spend 1000's on amps and cabinets for good sound.
These aren't my first set, I can't count the amount of Monster 1/4 cables I bought and own. None has ever failed me so far. Highly recommend these!
It's hard to beat the quality of Monster Cables!There is absolutely No discernible loss of tone through this cable - I Love It!
I compared this cable to the monster studio pro 1000 cable i also own. I prefer this more as i play live and it does a good job in handling noise snd also has a no questions asked lifetime warranty. Just take your broken cable to your local guitar center and they will replace it. I got 4 replacememts over 3 years. Worth the higher price because of the warranty. The 100 dollar studio pro doesnt do well live compared to this rock cable as the studio pro sucks up tone snd only sounds good for recording. note, this cable has high mid range so if thats what you like go for it
