I have other capos and decided to try this one, and I have to say I love it! I have used the Kyser (spelling?) for years as my favorite, and that is a good capo - but I will say that this one is more sturdy and seems to be even stronger on the strings with no buzz. I will have to update this in a few months to see how it holds up - but I love it so far.I use it on my Taylor 910ce, Taylor 718e and my Epiphone Anniv accoustic.
I bought this due to the constant problem of getting that awful out-of-tune twang with my previous Planet Waves capo when I would try to reset the capo on a different fret.  Planet Waves capos are awesome, don't get me wrong but this one is specialized for acoustic and works wonderfully.
First let's get the easy stuff done with.  This capo is beautiful,  It is clean with an even silver matte finish that looks good in the box (nice packaging) and equally good on the guitar.The capo is solid, the spring mechanism feels good in the hand and when it clamps down on the neck you can see (and hear) there was thought put into the capo to make sure the pressure on the string is even and the neck is well protected. No sharp points to damage the guitar.  And this thing is easy to use, squeeze, put on neck, done.  You could easily move this during a gig and then store it on the edge of your neck when not using it.  I tried this on my acoustics and electric and was happy with both.  When playing the strings behave as normal.  No odd muting or dropouts.  The capo is solid on the neck.I have to say I have not used a capo in a while because the one I have is pain.  With this new capo I am happy to use it.  This thing is great!  Easy to use, efficient, sturdy, looks nice and SOUNDS GREAT!
Good spring action, made pretty solid. No buzzing on the strings when I put it on. The lifetime warranty is what I am stoked about I will probably buy two more for my other guitars. Highly recommend it.
Fit perfect to my Taylor T5 and no cons I can find so far. If you want a capo for guitar, this one is the one stop shopping for you.
