These perform well on single coils, specifically Telecasters.  Right now I switch back and forth between Power and Beefy, with Fenders being my next choice followed by D'Addario.
I've used all sorts of strings over the years, and generally aim for GHS strings. However, these Power Slinky strings are great. I've not broken one yet, and the 11-48 is a good gauge. Heavy, powerful, and they sound nice and soulful when played. I may become a lifelong Ernie Ball user after using these strings.
I replaced the strings on my electric and tuned it. . . once.normally, after tuning new strings for the first time, I break them in by rigorously bending them, using the whammy bar and tugging on them then I re-tune them. I rinse and repeat until the tuning stays. not with these strings. tuned them once, no breaking in.it sounds amazing on clean; on its own without any effects, and the natural sustain is great. they also sound good with any settings I use.i bought two sets.
I bought these nickel wound guitar strings for my son. He says thses strings are strong and durable and projects a good sound quality. I purchase these strings a lot for my son...you can't beat the price for these quality guitar strings. An added plus...they're made in the USA.
The string are easy to play and sound great. There is a reason they are used by so many professionals.
Admittedly, I don't use these on my high end stuff, I use these on my cheap axes to bang on.  Why?  The are strong, durable, and sound good.  The tone isn't as pure as some other strings on the market but for the cost, they do the job.  The really good strings I typically have to change often, as I like a light string.These hold up well, taking a good bend and beating.If you have a teenager who isn't light with the pick, or if you have something you tend to get very aggressive with, these are perfect..5 stars for what they are.
I definitely enjoy these and I highly recommend them! They are used by other artists that approve of them! Slash from Guns n' Roses uses them.
i been using these for over thirty years and they have always served me well.I like 11s because for me it has a nice balance between strong steady sounding power chords while the top end is slinky enough to play leads hence the Power Slinky name.
They were a little too much for the Squier Bullet I put them on, even with the truss rod maxed out they bowed the neck.While I had em on though they played well and bent relatively easy for their thickness. More metal moving over a guitar pickup = hotter sound, more gain, and on a Stratocaster more glass and bell like tones.I've used Ernie Ball's Slinky line of strings almost exclusively for decades. They never break, they stay in tune after stretching, and they sound great. Lots of harmonics make for a textured and musical sound.Fun fact: Get yourself a mandrel for sizing rings and you can turn your old guitar strings into custom made jewlery. There is something to be said for giving a pretty ring that used to make a pretty sound RINGing out of your amplifier. :) A little silver lead free solder to hold several windings together and then buffed and they look excellent. :)
I have tried a few types of strings on my p90 Epiphone Les Paul, and I find these Ernie Ball Power slinky 11's to have a lot of power and punch to them, as advertised, and give me the nice tone I was looking for. The power and thick sound is due to these strings being a heavier gauge than the strings that usually come with a guitar. It will take a little more finger strength to play these but it is worth getting used to. These strings work well with the many different types of rock I play, and will work even fine with drop c tuning. They have also been as durable as strings get and do not lose their tone for quite some time. I prefer these power slinkys over D'addario xl 10's, over regular slinky 10's (which I used to like until I tried these), and even prefer them over the more expensive full nickel Rock 'n roll slinky 10's which surprisingly sounded boring when compared to the energy the power slinkys give you. I would say the power slinkys give off a sufficiently bright sound, but not excessively bright, and I would recommend them to anyone thinking about giving them a try.
These strings have a powerful tone for lead work, however they're not on the bendy side, which is great for rhythm work. The tone you get from these is punchy, powerful, and great for rhythm. If you need an overall great set of strings, get these. You won't regret it.
worked for me. Got no complaints over these. Very smooth and lasted me a while. Love Ernie Ball strings, they are the only ones I get
