Virtually eliminates all outside sound, allowing you to dial in a comfortable volume during rehersal and recording sessions.  Nice, flat response.
Mixed my band's album with these headphones - the sound quality is impressive in all ranges, and they have a very respectable bass response. They're also great for drum practice, as they block out the loudness of the drums so I can hear my metronome perfectly. They're also awesome for live recording use as a monitor. I will definitely be purchasing several more of these in the future.
They cancel out sound just like they say they do and are comfortable. I have to take my glasses off when I use them, but other than that exactly what I thought they'd be when I ordered them.
These do a great job at passively eliminating noise while allowing you to hear your metronome (or a mix from a soundboard) perfectly.  They are certainly worth the price.
Price:Very reasonable price for what they do.Comfort:These stay on your head very well and are comfortable, I have not noticed ear irritation yet.Noise reduction:These are absolutely stellar at noise reduction. These block so much sound, you no longer have to blast your music to hear over your drums. They also don't distort out side sound. Some over ear headphones distort outside sound horribly.Sound quality:Crisp mid and high range. When it comes to the low end, these are lacking. And if you blast your music the low end distorts. But they block sound so well you don't have to blast them.Why not just buy in ear head phones, and over ear muffs?I have tried this many times due to not being able to find good head phones. It is very annoying, doesn't work very well, and looks pretty dumb too. These head phones are a much better solution.
I got these for noise reduction, barking dogs, loud trucks etc. They work well for that. The only drawback is that they fit very tight on my head. After a time the pinch is bit much. I have a small (7-1/4) hat size too. However, the price was great, and the sound is good. I'm no audiophile, but do play guitar, mando and dulcimer, and for me these phones deliver a good, well rounded sound.One other thing, these headphones are made for the studio, not for outdoor use.So, if you can deal with the pinch, I highly recommend these headphones for noise reduction and sound quality.
UPDATE 12/6/2013: The very latest Vic Firth phones have a MUCH-improved headband and less-bulky earcups. While I now prefer the latest Direct Sound EX-29s (a vast improvement over my original DS cans, mentioned below), the Firth's are still VERY good and, as a bonus, cost half as much. I still use both brands.Please remember to carefully monitor your SLP (volume) level with ANY isolation phones. Without background noise for reference, one can easily play them too loudly which, in turn, can lead to hearing loss over time.UPDATE 4/23/2010: I now own three pairs of Vic Firth isolation headphones and I'm happy to report the original pair is still going strong. Meanwhile, my office setup now consists of two ART Tube MP units...carefully adjusted to add little/no volume to the signal path (unity gain)...as a vacuum tube buffer stage between a Behringer U-Control UCA-202 DAC and a small Behringer Eurorack UB-502 mixer to provide silky-smooth state-of-the-art amplification for the Vic Firth isolation headphones. The resulting sound is absolutely top-drawer and completely belies the incredibly low price....about $150 total...I paid for the entire system. Affordable technology in the service of great art!UPDATE 2/3/2009: These bullet proof headphones have definitely stood the test of time. I now own two pairs of Vic Firth headphones. The newest pair live in my gym bag. Both pairs have survived abuse that would make lesser instruments crumble (e.g. getting tangled in the crank of a spin trainer or knocked onto a cement floor by my cat).BONUS TIP: Because these are full-sized headphones with large ear cups, I frequently use them in conjunction with the new Hearos High Fidelity "full audio spectrum" ear plugs (&lt;$15). The combo works in much the same the way Dolby noise reduction does. I play my MP3 player (or other signal source) 12 decibels louder and the ear plugs then attenuate 12 decibels...leaving me with the same music and way less background noise. This stuff may not fit your head/ears as well as it fits mine, but you might try it if you're so inclined.ORIGINAL REVIEW: How does an ADHD adult maintain focus in a busy, high-tech work environment? Soothing music is part of the fix. Active noise canceling headphones? I've tried and replaced several...but they either sound badly, are prone to electrical/mechanical problems, or both. What to do? Vic Firth and Direct Sound have effective and durable answers. Isolation headphones. I own and use them both. The Direct Sound phones block a bit more noise...the Vic Firth are more comfortable for extended wearing. Both have excellent sound quality. Enjoy!
these do a good job of isolating out the sound.  They work very well.  Would recommend it to other people
these things muffle sound great.  they have good sound quality.  perfect for recording loud drums. perfect for drowning out people
