Just put these on my Martin DCX1E and they sound great! This is a big guitar that really rings out and the Elixir strings have a great sparkle with a clear bright tone. Playing rhythm guitar, flat picking and fingerpicking.I can't say if they last longer, vine has us review this asap. After daily playing for hours they sound fine and hold their tuning. I have used Elixir nano web strings before and I do think they keep their tone a bit longer. That being said, my go to strings are still D'addario.
I ordered this for my husband, the musician. He said these are high quality strings giving great tone and good feel. He would definitely purchase this product...and he's pretty picky about his guitar strings!
I had used Elixer strings for several years on both 6 and 12 string guitars. Somehow, I had gravitated over to other brands including Martin and D'Addario.  I got a set of these strings as well as the Phosphor Bronze design through the Vine program and chose to this set out on a Seagull Artist Mosaic rather than on a Taylor, Martin or Gibson. The result is outstanding - So much so, that I am beginning to restring all 7 of my acoustic and acoustic-electric guitars with Elixers again.I have also tried the new Phosphor Bronze strings in this series on a Gibson and had fine results.  Because I did not use both sets of strings on the same guitar, it is not possible for me to really compare/contract the. These strings play as smoothly and easily as do the Phosphor Bronzes and seem to add a good deal of depth to the already resonant mellowness of the Seagull.Elixer definitely still has the edge. Thanks to Bob Taylor and his crew for collaborating on something that benefits all guitar players - no matter what it says on the head stocks of our instruments.
I can't speak on the claim for a longer string life.  The strings are true to Elixir's quality and tone.  These strings sound great plug and unplugged.  I also had the opportunity from Vine to try the phosphor bronze too.  There are tonal differences as expected.  The 80/20 are brighter, but the tones are clear and crisp.  When amplified, I did note less finger noise as I re-positioned or slid my fingers along the strings.  I didn't notice any difference to the feel of the string...as compared to other nanoweb Elixir strings that I have used over the years.  Time will tell if these strings last longer than their other versions.  For now, even if they only last as long as the other nanoweb ... you're still getting a good deal.
Great product with nice feel and tone. I'm only sorry I pre-ordered only two sets at $12.49. The average price now is $15 and over. I'll bite the bullet and order more after I wear these two sets out. Hopefully improved availability will lower the price by the time I need new strings. These are durable and long lasting. Recommeded.
I have reviewed these strings before, and frankly, I wasn't all that impressed with the tone the first time around. I think they feel great on the fingertips and they're very playable, especially for a picker, but I just wasn't sold on the tone. To be fair, I only tested them on a few of my dreadnought guitars, and found them lacking. There seemed to be a drop-ff in tone when switching from my usual strings (Martin SPs) to these.So this time, I decided to try them on a much smaller guitar. I have a Yairi Alvarez AY-20, which is a 000 sized guitar, and they sound terrific. I'm no engineer or physicist, so I really can't explain the mechanics of it all, but they definitely sounded much better on a much smaller guitar body, and they produce a very clear, bright tone across the higher range, and hold their own on the low range.I still don't think they're the best thing since sliced bread, and I still think they're a bit overpriced, but I have no complaints about the quality other than the fact that the coating seems to wear off sooner than I would expect. This seems to have no effect on the tone, but for what these cost, you'd think the coating would last a lot longer than two months (I play daily for at least 30 minutes a day).Overall, these are good (but overpriced) strings that definitely work well on certain types of guitars. You'll just have to experiment to see which guitars sound good with them, and which don't. In my experience, large body guitars lose tone, but they sound great on a smaller body.
I had the opportunity to try a set of Elixir Nanoweb light gauge (.013 - .053) strings in both Phosphor Bronze and 80/20 Bronze. Instead of writing a separate review for each, I figured I&#8217;d write one review for both types of strings and post it in both places for those who are trying to figure out which strings would best meet their needs.The Phosphor Bronze strings are mounted on a brand new Guild F-47 RC guitar. It is a concert sized guitar with a Florentine cutaway. The body is Brazilian Rosewood and the top is Adirondack (Red) Spruce. I have always heard that Phosphor is a bit brighter and sounds better on a Rosewood guitar. I would agree. The tone is nicely balanced &#8211; maybe a bit weak in the bass, but the strings are new and in a couple days I expect them to sound a bit better.  The notes are articulated well, and there is a nice midrange tone.The Nanoweb coating is nice. It protects the strings from corrosion (finger sweat really can do a job on strings) without dulling the sound. I think the guitar sounds much better than it did with the original (Guild) strings, and it just plays easier.The 80/20 strings are mounted on a Gibson Hummingbird &#8211; an iconic Mahogany body/Spruce-topped Dreadnaught sized guitar. Again, 80/20s are recommended for Mahogany guitars. As popular as the Hummingbird is, I was never totally pleased with the sound of it.  It is a great guitar to strum along with while singing, but it almost sounded too muddied &#8211; not enough articulation between the different strings. The Elixir strings really bring out something extra from the Gibson. It sounds a LOT better and feels easier to play. The strings are easier to play &#8211; partially because of the coating &#8211; partially because the metal used in the string seems to have a bit more elasticity &#8211; without going out of tune.The bass is tighter and there is an even spread of tone from the lowest to the highest notes. I am very happy with how much better this guitar sounds with these strings compared to the Martin SPs that were on it prior to the switch.Elixirs are not the cheapest strings out there, but since they last a lot longer than cheaper strings, in the end you won&#8217;t spend more money on what I think are far superior strings.
I was looking forward to trying these, as I've loved this company's product since day one.But I think they've messed around with the gauge, slapped a meaningless &#34;HD&#34; tag on, and added a few bucks to the price. More profit in someone's pocket for marketing jargon.I have a smaller-bodied guitar, so these should have, by their claim, given me better balance, but imho, the opposite happened. The bottom dropped out, the top end stopped sizzling, and the middle strings totally took over when I strum with a pick.When I play with fingers it's better, but not worth spending more money on than the normal .012s I've been using (which I think I liked a lot better).It's possible that these work great on the Taylor guitars they were ostensibly designed for (color me skeptical), but I'd say if you're happy with what you have, you need not try these.Again, long-time user and big fan, but paying extra money for a slightly different gauge and a silly &#34;HD&#34; moniker... no thanks.
