I used this on my last stratocaster build. It arrived quickly and was well packaged. It is black and has a kind of white stripe along the edge, so if you are looking for just a solid black pickguard, be aware. The cool thing about this pickguard is that it already has aluminum on the back. I was shielding and star grounding all of my guitars and one of the painful parts was spraying adhesive on the back of pickguards and then putting foil on them and cutting it to fit. These already come with foil, so there is no need to shield them any more than they already are.It fit my body perfectly and I am happy with the purchase.
This pickguard was used. It not only was missing the protective plastic but it actually was scratched from being on a guitar before.
I picked this up because I wanted to change up the looks of my 3-tone sunburst American Standard. The holes lined up perfectly and it was easy to install but that's what you'd expect since this is a genuine Fender part. The only concern really is whether or not the color will work on your guitar. At first, it took some getting used to as it really darkened up the look of my Strat but I like the way it came out with aged white pick up covers and knobs.
I would think it would be reasonable to assume that this would fit a Squier Bullet Strat, but the holes didn't line up, it didn't fit between the neck and the bridge, in fact, it was completely wrong. Nice quality though.
Genuine fender pick guard.  It's pre-shielded.  Perfect for your next build, or for replacing your standard white guard to set you apart.
Absolutely perfect. Some other reviewer complained about theirs being blemished, but I'm guessing they just didn;t know to pull off the protective layer. Mine was shiny-new, and was an absolute perfect fit on my Mexi-Strat. The price was the best,anywhere,and with free shipping, I couldn't be happier.
It fit my American Vintage 70's Strat.  My guitar had an 11-hole pickguard.  I ordered an 11-hole pickguard and it fit like a glove.The guitar is 3-ply plastic, black/white/black.  This is what most black Fender genuine replacement pickguards will look like.I am happy with the purchase.
I have a Candy apple red Squier Surf Statocaster.  Came wiht a whited pearl pickgaurd.  Switch it for this Black one.  Looks great, really classes it up in my opinion.  I also got black knobs as well.  fits my axe perfectly
Bought this a while back just got around to installing it on my mexi strat. Doesn't fit perfect. Kinda bummed but oh well
Fit my 07 MIM strat perfectly.  Looks like a whole new guitar now.  If you have a Fender guitar then suck it up and buy only fender parts for it.  The Cheap china copies on ebay dont fit.
I put this pickguard in a MIM White Blonde Stratocaster, and guitar looks so great. I didn't need any kind of adaptation to put in my guitar.
