could use a longer  cable  but it does work as it was suggested, and would purchase again if I needed to.
Works great
This is a good working dependable power adapter and works flawlessly with my tc electronic guitar ditto looper.No complaints with this.
Soume times you just need a transformer-based, low amperage power supply for pedal where the switchmode-based, modern supplies are just too noisy.  This was the cheapest.  So it goes.
I've had this for 4 days and so far it's still working perfectly. I use it for my distortion box as a lot of people are as well. If you're looking for a 9v power supply with negative tip for your effects box, this is great.
you will want this to save your battery's when there is no power around not much more to say good luck
Right product at the right price.  I have 20-25 of these dang things layin around cause I never throw them out.  but never fails I need one I don't have(to drive a zoom pedal to save on batteries), and here it was.
Nothing makes a customer more mad than to buy something that just doesn't work.  Well,....that's not the case here.  This power supply is well made (durable) and performs to the specs supplied.  I guess a person can take the risk of buying a variable output adaptor with the proper power pin configuration,...but why go to all that trouble?  This product lives up to it's calling.  Besides, who wants to keep changing batteries in the Stobe Tuner (Planet Waves) when this power adaptor is easy to plug in and forget.  I gave it a 5-star rating because the price is fair, the product is well made and works, and it was shipped well within the promised time.  By today's standards, that's as good as it gets.DP
This is what these things should cost and this is how they should work.  I will be trying this out in a chain of effects (as the single power supply) so I will report back if it cannot do that.  Works as expected for 1 to 1 pedal power.  Enough said.
I have had a few converters purchased at electronics stores over the years and none seem to stand up to the vigorous use placed on them by the road. I have not had this long enough to know if it will, but so far so good...
This product has a simple function but if you need a 9V adapter, this is the one to get. I trust the Planet Waves brand.
nice and fine product  working for many hours with no degradation of the sound , no too much heat and easy plug for instant job
From the moment I started using this, I noticed a radio signal overlay when used with my mini amp and headphones.
I plugged it in the outlet. Plugged it into my Fender Mini Tone-master Amp. I don't need to worry about batteries any more.
I'm only running two pedals, so I'm not sure how far you can push this, but it's working fine for my setup.
This power supply works awesome with pedals and mini amps without giving you that static hiss you get from some other brands.
I bought this using Prime and am happy with the power supply. I have many different makes of power supplies. In the end, they are all the same. Proof of this lies in the Boss unit I have owned for 20 years.Amazon had the Planet Waves 9v supply for the lowest price, lower than local retailers and if you do not use or need a &#34;1 Spot&#34; this will not let you down. I may order more to use with some of my older pedals not on my board.
I got this for my Line6 Pocket Pod. It works great so far. and was way cheaper then the line6 adapter!!!!
Instead of shelling out over $25.00 for a Line 6 A/C adapter for my Pocket POD, I decided to give this one a try out, and I'm glad I did! It's well made, works great, and saved me quite a bit of coin in the process. Can't beat this one for sure :-)
I bought this adapter to power several devices by different manufacturers. Thus far, I am very pleased. Some of my guitar effects require at least 320 milliamps, which this adapter handles with no problems. I have heard no hum or noise from the adapter, either. It does its job reliably and well. I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
works well with every pedal i tried so far. Can't ask much more than that from it. It was the easiest one on my wallet here on Amazon. go for it if you need one (or 2)
I needed a 9-volt adapter to use with an Danelectro N10B Honey Tone Mini Amp.  This was recommended and I am happy with the product.
Someone snagged the first one, they must have wanted it more than I did. The first one worked great and so does this one. I would recommend this product to everybody.
Five stars because it works on my Digitech GNX guitar processor which requires 9 volts and about 75 Milli-amps. This has an output of 300 Milli-amps. For electronics the voltage has to be correct. But an appliance will only draw as many amps (current) as it needs. So this adapter is coasting when used with the guitar processor and can be used with other devices that draw up to the 300 Mamps. Just be sure your (9v) device doesn't require more than the 300 Ma this can deliver. But it's a power adapter, I cannot be in love with a power adapter.
Ok reviewing something's I just don't see the need. Ok that being said , I searched for lowest costing 9v adaptor that met or exceeded the am required to run my pedals...this came up first and is IMO all that one would need to run a pedal or other guitar add ons. I dont know what else to say..... The cord isn't very long but not overly short either, I have another brand adapter and it is about the same length and size etc. ok for now that's all I got, I may edit later on down the line.
I bought this ac adapter for my electro harmonix od glove pedal, this ac adapter works in many pedals, a great option, buy one.
