Bought for project Telecaster. Delivered promptly and in excellent shape. Case fits well and is finished nice, Hard to find better case at this low price!.
I know most budget guitars don't come with cases, most not even a gig bag anymore. That's the trade-off I guess in the internet age in order to keep costs down. Even my Fender Standard Telecaster came sans-case and I had to coax the salesperson to throw in a gig-bag as an incentive but even that was back in the day. I had not looked at guitar gear in so long that I didn't think about guitar cases until I got the itch to get a new six-string and came across these. They look great, seem well built(I am not a professional touring musician) and apparently do the job.The exterior is covered in black tolex, just like a pricey case, and the gold stitching and plush interior really make this case seem worth much more than the asking price. The storage compartment is adequately sized and there's a simple lock that would only be functional as a safety measure to ensure it stays latched. There are brass feet on the bottom and along the edge to keep it level and prevent damage to the case. It fits both my MiM Tele andSquier by Fender Deluxe Stratocaster Maple Neck, Pearl White Metallicperfectly and I suspect it will do a fine job protecting them.I will be picking up a tweed version for the Telecaster to match up with the style, and my lovely Fender amp. Like I stated, there's no longer any excuse for not having a good guitar case.
This is better than a gig bag, for sure, and looks like it could hold pretty much any standard sized solid body electric. Now, it's not padded really well and doesn't look like it'll hold up for more than a few years, but it was cheap. It seems to be slightly off kilter at the hinges and requires some fidgeting to get the lid closed properly, which is why I drop a star.
I bought to use for my squire strat. It also fit my tele to. A real good quality case to protect your axe from damage when carrying from gig to gig.
This is an inexpensive but for the money, well built case. I don't have any complaints. My Fender Strat fits snugly in the lined case and while it isn't the most durable case (I wouldn't use it to ship my guitar) it is strong enough for hauling your guitar from one place to the next.
I've bought three of these now - this is an awesome, well made case that fits just about any superstrat guitar easily. The most recent was for something rather unique (a fanned fret, compound scale eight string) and that guitar also fit perfectly with plenty of room to spare.There are more expensive options out there, but for a non-fitted "do it all" case, this is the best bang for your buck hands down. I am comfortable using it to carry any of my guitars, from the inexpensive ones to the high end customs. Great case, great price.
