I'm a beginner ukulele player, and I bought one of the cheap ukulele's here on Amazon. It didn't sound very good, and I didn't know if it was the instrument or the strings. It was the strings, and I'm very glad I replaced them with these strings. They make my ukulele sound like it should, and it holds tuning pretty well. I'm very happy with the purchase.
Don't panic, strings marked A/D/F#/B CAN be used just fine for G/C/E/A tuning... They don't seem to be quite as nice as the comparable Aquilas, but they're half the price... They were for a $20 uke... (And yeah, new $4 strings do improve the sound on a $20 uke!).
Addario strings are ok.. Although like beauty it is in the eyes of the beholder... Aquila seems to be the most popular now. I have used both and I am satisfied with both...I play the soprano, concert, tenor, and baritone. Each one different in it on right...Also play the the concert scale banjolele.. Only been playing the uke for 5 years and the banjo for 10 so it is only IMHO.  Be aware though that 10 years experience can mean 1 year experience 10 times:))))
These are great strings for such a "rare" instrument. Not many people play the baritone yuke - it has a unique quality to it, sort of like a miniature classical guitar. These strings sound full and warm on the instrument.
I wanted a black ukulele string to replace the stock strings for my yellow makala dolphin. These will work for soprano. The J53 is a good investment for under 6 bucks. They provide enough string to change your ukulele twice over and feels nice to play. Increases projection and tone to any stock strings. Not the best, not the worse strings, but an improvement.
Bought these strings as a replacement to ones that came with my ukulele (the originals only lasted a week).  These D'Addario's have worn quite well and still sound excellent.  Great strings!
First off, I'm NO ukulele expert. That being said: I replaced the original strings on my newMahalo U-35PK Sparkling Soprano Ukulele Outfit in Pinkwith these. I know they stated Concert, however, reading up on this, they can still be used on a soprano or standard uke. Immediately I noticed a difference in sound on these strings. Like another reviewer said, it's not going to perform miracles on a cheap uke, but it sure helped out a lot. The sound is quite a bit louder and so much brighter as well. I'm loving the sound. Also, I really like the way they look on my pink uke; it's a nice touch.  I would definitely recommend these.
while learning how to read these things better,, I picked these up,  I need to read better becaseu I have 4 Ukuleles,. all different size and right now my tenor has a wound string on the third string,  so now I am more careful with buying strings, not that a wound is bad, I just suck at playing, my  concert is my favorite and just discovered that it fits in the case I bought for my soprano and I can take it on travel..
So while I got this for my soprano ukulele... they fit fine. Not much to say really other then they are good strings and work.
The most annoying thing about modern ideas in Ukulele strings, or indeed in Guitar strings, is to wind them with aluminum wire - making at the least a black deposit of aluminum on my hands, or at worst, cognitive damage skin contact with them. These rather inexpensive strings are not aluminum wound, but are silver plate wound - no health problems possible from strings makes them the best.
