its ok for a bedroom amp its has a weird buzz that goes away when you touch any thing metal on the guitar even if the vol is all the way down and no its not the guitar i have plug it into other amps and no buzzing and it really dont like florescent lights im thinking about sending it back
I hooked up my mic and my guitar pickup and it sounds good.  I haven't had much chance to play it, but so far so good.  It seems like it is good quality.
This amp is a quality item for the dollar range (I paid $49.99).  There is some question about sound quality and variation in quality.  We purchased two of these, and one arrived with some minor issues, constant humming regardless of volume or EQ settings.  Amazon did a wonderfully quick swap and the new one arrived without the problem.This is not a 6000W stage amp, nor is it so quiet enough to practice without disturbing the neighbors...it has a full punch output at full gain/volume, and can easily light up a back yard.Specs-Input: 1/4" Mono (not a tip and ring jack)Controls: Volume/Gain and selectable Volume 3-EQ range knobs.  There are two volume controls, once for each side of the push button selector.Outputs: 1/4" Mono (for monitor or mixer), 1/4" Dual Mono Headphone jack (tip and ring supplied from the same mono channel).Power:  Lighted front panel rocker switchThe box is very slim and small, about a foot by a foot and 8" deep, the rear is partially open, speaker exposed, and allows for cord storage.Pros--Portability, easy of use and set up.-Quality finish (leatherette with steel corners) and good construction, 6" heavy duty lead guitar speaker-Excellent sound and electronics for ANY amp under $100.  There are other manufacturers that have small wattage amps and smaller speakers that are $30-$50 more.  Go with this one.Cons--Units run hot and cold as to quality, but if it works out of the box, it's good, if not, you'll know it as soon as you power it up. Buy with confidence at Amazon from Amazon and you shouldn't have any worries.These amps power two Squier(tm) by Fender electric guitarsSquier by Fender Bullet Strat with Tremolo Bundle with Strings, Pick Card, and Polishing Cloth - Black, Rosewood Fretboardand do a great job.Other accessories for the beginner electric to consider:Cords -Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft,Planet Waves Classic Series Instrument Cable, 10 feetStrap -Planet Waves Polypropylene Guitar Strap, BlackStraplocks -Dunlop Dual Design Straplok System, NickelHanger -String Swing Hardwood Home & Studio Guitar Hanger (Shades May Vary)
This is my first amp, which I am using with my new Applause AE148-RRB Acoustic Electric Guitar (also purchased from Amazon).  The guitar sounds great when hooked up to this amp.  My only complaint is that as a first time amp owner/user I needed a bit more help on how to adjust the settings and this product came with NO paperwork at all.  Not sure if that is normal or if it was just omitted from the unit I received.  I downloaded the users manual from the Pyle website but it was also not much help.  But just by trying different settings I have managed to find what, for me, is the &#34;sweet spot&#34; for my guitar when paired with this amp.  Very happy with the amp and also happy that I spent the extra few dollars to get the 60 amp rather than the 30 amp version.
If your looking for the best.quality smaller.practice amp this is the amp for u it's definitely high quality its got.10 watts and overdrive and anything else u would need on a practice amp.definitely the best amp in this.price range i would.definitely.recommend it
Lots of juice, easy settings, very clean sound with all the horsepower you would need.  I haven't jacked it up all the way....I don't think the cat would appreciate that.  I get a little feedback every so often, occasionally it's a little overly sensitive to my volume control on the guitar,  but not enough to submarine this power packed amp.  How do you get that much noise out of an 8&#34; speaker?
