I love this tuner. It is accurate & very reasonably priced. I have ordered this tuner for  fellow musician friends & all of them love them. Best clip on tuner I have ever purchased.
Lightweight, small, simple to use, and it's easy to read in broad daylight.Can't ask for much more in a tuner.
Wonderful tuner, I've used it for my acoustic and my bass and have had no problems at all.  Incredibly easy to use, super cheap and easy to just throw in your case and go.  Well worth the price!
I already had the other two Snarks and then I borrowed this version in a shop from another patron.  The readout is cool.  Makes me feel good inside to look at it.
Will work on any instrument.  You don't need the expensive ones, this works just fine..just wish the batteries lasted longer!
For the money there isn't a better tuner on the market today.  This is the newer version which some have complained about the tuning lines being thicker, really?  This tuner is s[pot on every time and super fast.  You can move from string to string quick.
The compactf design of this tuner makes it easy to take with you to lessons, school, or a gig.  Works well.
Let the testimony of my repeated purchases be your guide. the batterry that come with it lasts an average of 6 -9 months - A new battery will last over a year - I get replacements at local CVS - Savon store
I was hesitant to purchase this, as I really like the display of the previous models. At first it seems like it might be less accurate. It has less granularity in the display for example. However, it does seem to respond noticeably faster. It appears to be a bit more sensitive and better at tuning bass notes. And it may in fact be more precise, though it takes learning how to work with the display.On earlier Snarks, the display has individual tiny gradients for each cent of pitch above or below the note. And they seemed pretty dead on, especially if you tune from the harmonic at the middle of the string. But I also found that the note would occasionally stall briefly causing me to over-tune. (Though once you get used to it, it is easily avoided.)Anyway, on this unit, I am not sure what each bar represents, but it is very sensitive. If the string is not quite perfect, the "On pitch" bar will be lit up, but so will one next to it. Then a slight turn of the tuning peg will bring it right on. Then only the "On pitch" bar will be lit (unless you turn too far). And the result sounds really right.
For me, the hardest part of adjusting to a new tuner is throwing out preconceived notions of how it should be used.It's not always easy getting vibration sensing tuners to settle down. In many cases, they jump around until, by the time they settle down, the vibration has decayed to the point where it no longer registers. So, a bit of subjective judgment is sometimes involved.As far as the SN-8 is concerned...WRONG!I've found the SN-8 to, in fact, be Super Tight, BUT one has to insure that there isn't even a HINT of red or yellow on either side of the center green bar.This is what I don't like about the other type of Snark display.  It's not symmetric!  It requires all of the red bars to be lit along with the green, and none of the yellow bars to be lit.  If the rad bars are illuminated constantly, how can you tell if the string is a hair flat?  When I'm on pitch I want *all* indications of sharpness and flatness to vanish.In that regard, the image shown here is wrong! It shows the Super Tight behaving like the other tuners with all of the red bars illuminated along with Green and even a yellow. Uhm...no.The SN-8 is Super Tight, has a touch metronome, and lets you set it down a few semi-tones if that's what floats your boat and, as they say on TV, "All for an incredibly low price!"I keep a tuner on each guitar and one in my gig bag, just in case.  At this price, I already have a half dozen Super Tights with two more on the way.
I have the Snark 2 but read that this was the best so far.  I got and agreethis works better.  I would recommend it to anyone.
I replaced an older Snark that I use all the time, but seems to be cutting out sometimes.  I love this new one.  It's a bit easier to see the display.
I have used one of the black box meter style tuners for years and struggled with it. I could never quite get the fine tune I was looking for, and I have a little bit if a pitch issue trying to tune by ear. These little tuners are amazing. So easy to use, and portable, and cheap. I have several now, one for every guitar. Cheap is important, because they are made of plastic and I have had one break at the joint after a lot of use. I also received one without a battery, which upset me at the time. I am in Afghanistan and weird watch batteries are hard to come by. If you figure they cost about as much as a fancy coffee drink they provide a lot of tuning goodness for a little money.
my only complaint is that it doesn't seem as accurate as some traditional tuners, but that's probably by design so you aren't fiddling over fractions of a semitone when you're trying to tune your guitar between songs/sets
I like the SN-2. Just thought I'd try the SN-8 Super tight tuner and was not at all disappointed.  Snark tuners have always performed well for me.  I play guitar and ukulele.  I've used and own many tuners and brands.  The Snarks just work great and the price is hard to beat.  I usually buy several at a time and give them as gifts to my musician friends.  For anyone who plays acoustic guitar - these things are so handy.
When the unit first arrived, I was concerned because the box had been damaged.  It shipped in an envelop.  However, once I opened it, I discovered an undamaged Snark tuner inside.  In an odd way, this reassured me further, as it obviously took a beating and remained undamaged.  When I put in the battery and turned it on, it functioned properly.  It clips to my guitar strong and stays put.  It's easy to read, even when I'm on stage and the lighting is less than appropriate for reading a display this size from arm's length.  I'm very pleased with the unit.
works very smoothly and doesn't eat batteries like the foot pedal types of tuners. We have a local place that sells the batteries for this in a 5 pack for $1.00 (yep a buck). I'm sold on these and will be getting another as soon as I need one
I just got my Snark tuner, and I'm very impressed with it. It attaches easily to the headstock of my guitar. The digital readout is easy to see, and it gets me in perfect tune quickly. It is far superior to previous tuners I've used.
I have several Snarks. They are the first tuner my young guitar students have no problems with. Fast and accurate. The SN-8 IS a little faster and slightly more accurate than the other, older models, with a brighter display (at slightly reduced battery life) but they are all great. I have lots of tuners, and several brands of clip ons. This is my favorite. There is no close second. I play 5 string bass in a band and at church as well as guitar. I love this tuner.
I got one of these and now a week later I have 3 what a great learning tool. simple and sweet
These snark tuners are really cool.This SN-8 model comes this a metronome, and also you can scale up/down with buttons for when using a capo.highly recommended.
It does a fair job but I have to place it all over the headstock to find a spot it will settle down on. It seems to pick up sympathetic string notes. I actually liked the lesser blue colored one specifically for guitars it was always responsive and accurate.
