Well like everyone knows this is the copy of the Boss but a lot cheaper than that. It works just fine and i'm happy with it. Anyway if you mean to play at home or in a garage or if you have a band to perform this is a good pedal. If you want more from a pedal the Boss is the one you are going to pick, but overall you should give this a chance.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...It's exactly what you would expect from Behringer, it works...it's not great but it get's the job done, i feel it takes quite a bit of brightness and definition but it's still pretty useful for less than $25I don't regret geting this because delays are so much fun but i wonder if i should have gone withDanelectro D-8 Fab 600Ms Delaywell, maybe next time...I give it a 3 out of 5, it wasn't this time Behringer surprised me.
This delay pedal was so cheap that I could not pass it up.  and let me tell you, it is easy and fun to use!  I stopped messign with the reverb in my amp and now only use this for a much nice sounds from my guitar.  I actually bought it to try some experiments with my harmonica, but those were dismal failures.  Big win for the guitar though!
But is no match for someone who wants to use it to record with.  Use a plugin instead.  I like some of Behringer products even though they are snobbed.  This particular unit is not one of their finest products but I give them credit for the price point and effort.  Someone will appreciate it but not me.  It sits in my drawer and will end up being sold online as it's not defective but just not up to what I want.  Cheap, so no big loss.
If you want to have an interesting echo and repeat, this is worth the minimal investment.  I recommend buying the multi-plug power supply as it goes through batteries fairly quickly and you will likely be buying other pedals to compliment this one.
An old school delay that works very well. Simple to use. Adjustments for intensity and length. Uses 9V batt or power adaptor. Reasonably priced.
great little pedal. Has a nice set of adjustments to give a wide range of delays and echo to your sound. Easy to use, very low price, classic sounds. I wish I had 4 ears so I could buy another one. Strictly home studio use, haven't tried gigging with it, though it seems pretty sturdy, it is plastic, but pretty solid plastic. I also have a Danelectro  Fab Echo and this just blows it away. The Danelectro is okay, but it just doesn't have the depth or adjustment that the Berhinger pedal has.
behringer products are cheap. some of them have good quality both in make and sound. hopefully, behringer will make it even better next time without compromising the price.
Some have complained that it's construction is not the best. I actually had to send the first one back because it did not work. But a new one came the day after I lodged a request for a replacement.It's a very simple echo device, I use just to give my guitar a little bounce. I prefer to play 'dry' most of the time so as to define better what I'm doing. But some solos need a little filling, and this keeps it subtle. It can do a lot more, but it's what I wanted.Sturdy enough, well priced, and simple to use.
Perfect pedal it sounds great no matter what your levels are. Not noisy at all so fits in with other pedals on your board great.
This does some fairly cool things to the sound, but there is a lot more out there.  This would be great for a new person experimenting with effects
For the price of these I am very happy with the purchase.  I feel it sounds really good and has many settings.  I think the build on these are fine for daily use.  Don't expect it to break anytime soon anyway.
I replaced my delay foot pedal with the Behringer VD400 Analog Delay. For the money it is a more than a competent addition to my pedal board . It is doing exactly what I expected and much more. The big name delay I replaced , in all honesty , wasn't as good. I have more room and control with this pedal. Also I can buy six of these pedals for what I paid for the last one ... You do the math!!!!
