This neck plate rides on the body of a Mexico-made Jazz Bass which I acquired second-hand, replacing the blank factory plate. It could be thicker -- it deformed somewhat when the screws were snugged up. Still, the guitar now sports the old Sixties Fender &#34;F&#34; logo.
I was upgrading all the chrome on a MIM and put this on.  Looks better than the plain one.  Includes the screws.
I have purchased three of the Fender "f" neck plates for three different MIM Strats. They all went on easy, caused no problem and they look really cool.
It is a Fender product, so it is well made. Reasonably priced. It will make any Strat or Tele build shine.
It looks nice on our Fender Blacktop Bass plus the locks, it completely changed the look of the bass, details
There was nothing wrong with my original neckplate, but I was replacing the rest of the hardwear and pick this up just to add just a little something extra.  IT was a direct replacement for the original.
looks and fits great on my start, nothing more I can ask for! my original neckplate was slightly bent in one corner before I replaced it with this one
It looks fine but as other reviewers have pointed out is thinner than the OEM plate that came on the guitar. Some people mentioned putting shims behind it but a better idea might be to cut the ends of the neck screws down by an 1/8th of an inch so that you don't screw the neck screws in too far.  The plate was delivered on time and as promised by Amazon.
I just slapped one of these on my reliced '94 MIM Fender Strat. It looks very slick!. Only issue is that it got scratched already after having it for less than a month.
I put this on my Fender Jazz Bass after I bought a new neck for it. This plate work the exact same as the stock plate, but it dresses the bass up a bit. This is not a mod that people will see (like pickup covers), but I like the way it looks when I pick it up to play.
Actually arrived in the proper bag and looked great. Had issues before with company but they resolved all issues. I would do business with them again. Thanks for taking care of me. Pleasure doing business with you
This is a very nice looking back plate and for the price its cheep the holes are in the right place for the screws .
Nice F logo upgrade on my squier deluxe strat. Installed easy and the screws and everything were correct. I would recommend this :)
Not much to say about a chrome neckplate - it's largely a cosmetic item.  But my old one (with the serial number) was corroding pretty bad, and I liked the look of the new one.  A few people have mentioned that it's thinner, but assuming you also have the "pad" underneath (which you should) that was not a problem for me at all.  Anybody who dented theirs likely overtightened the screws.  Installation took all of 5 minutes and the neck is set up exactly as it was before.  Looks great!
Never really had to mess much with this item. Its a quality piece of metal with the nice F logo on it. Mounted my cheap Amazon start neck just fine.
I bought this new Fender F neck plate to replace the plain one I had on one of my MIM Strats. but at this time I am not sure I like what I have done. It appears a little thinner than the original and just doesn't look as &#34;original&#34;.
