When I first installed these strings I wasn't too impressed.  They felt different under my fingers and the sound was much more tinny than I'm used to.  However, after a month and a half of playing, I really do love these strings.  I got used to the feel, the tinny sound mellowed out a little, and man do they stay in tune!Cobalt strings aren't as warm as traditional nickle strings but if you play hard rock or metal I find the gain to be more articulate.  Solo's pierce through the mix without becoming too shrill and muted playing has better voicing, in my opinion.  They're also super fast.  I mentioned earlier that they feel different, and they do.  It's not necessarily a bad different it's just slicker and not as coiled feeling.  Hard to describe, but if you're used to playing nickle you'll notice the difference.Honestly, my favorite thing about these strings is their ability to stay in tune.  I went on vacation for a week, came back, picked up the guitar, expecting to have to tune it, and every single note was dead on.  As they age, you'll have to make a few minor tuning tweaks but its nowhere near as frequent as nickle.These really are a good set of strings.  If you try them just make sure to give them time.  They get better with wear.
Okay... just strung these up and ran them through three different amps and about 25 different pedals (metal, overdrive, echo, reverb, fuzz, etc).  So keep in mind that they haven't broken in yet as I do this review.  But I do feel confident in what I report here.They are not as nice in full warm tone as the pure nickels.  On the high gain metal muff, fullbore, guytone metal monster, swollen pickle, and big muff they sound really nice.... a lot of harmonics and output captured. For that 5 stars easy.  I don't think they are very versatile though below the metal shredders threshold.  Other's may feel differently I am sure.  Then again, Ernie Ball even states they are very bight high output.  So you are getting what they say.However, for a warm bluesy tone I couldn't get anywhere close to my sound like I can with the pure nickels.  For that 1.5 star.  Average to 3 I guess... :).  Forget about the nickel wound steel all together (those are really lame).  Either pure nickel or these depending on your style at the moment.  For shredding go cobalt... for warm/woman tone go PURE nickels (that's PURE folks!!).  I also really like the d'addario pures.Also, these really did let full chords ring out on a heavy metal channel.  Hope this helps.
I recently changed them out for a different type of EB's while they were good the were not exactly what I was looking for. not sure the new set is either but time will tell.
The cobalt seems like it gives the strings a silkier feeling. Maybe it's just me, but that's how they come across. I noticed that these strings become discolored quicker than the stock steel, but don't lose that new sound new as fast. I didn't have near as much string stretch with these either. I'll keep using them, just maybe in a different gauge.
Not only do they seem to last a little longer with less wear but they sound good with my cheap no-name Japanese knock-off. I play mostly hard-rock these days with some mild distortion but on occasion crank it up for some tech-metal and prog-rock for solo projects where I'm playing pretty fast and sometimes hard. They also handle de-tuning well and even when using pretty loose open tuning like DADAAD, they are clear with good sustain.
These strings are amazing - they have increased power, tone and flexibility that other strings just do not have. They sound great on single coil and humbucker types of pickups. The tone is seperated throughout the string gauges so that each sting has its own distinctive part of the tone. I cna't say enough about them but get some for yourself - I'd be surprised if you ever went back to regualr strings.
