This will last a very long time due its sturdy construction. Two pieces, easy to set up in seconds. Great buy for the $. (...ONLY MINE WAS A 'HAMILTON')
Far better than any light weight chrome stand, this has guts!  Easily adjustible, knobs tighten easily and firmly.  Good height adjustment for sitting or standing.  Highly reccomend this stand!
This is a really nice music stand. I wasn't expecting it to be such high quality. I wanted something better than those cheap metal music stands that would get knocked over by a small breeze of wind. Definitely got what I wanted. The orange Gearlux logo looks pretty cool too. Buy it.
I needed a new stand for my home studio so I thought I was cutting corners when I purchased this one. As it turns out, this stand is practically indistinguishable from myBelmonte Orchestra Stand Deluxein construction and material quality. That stand sells for twice the price of this one at the time of this review.The stand is adjustable enough for sitting or standing musicians, and is stable enough to use outside. The rest/tray mechanism holds a lot of weight without losing any adjustments. In fact, I have attached anAleratec Universal Tablet Mountto hold an iPad with sufficient room left over for a 438 page copy of theThe New Real Book - Volume 1and it holds those rock steady.Another feature that I like is the legs can be configured like a tripod with varying angles, which is useful for outdoors with light breezes that would knock over lighter stands. Or you can set the legs flush for maximum stability if space and the stand's footprint are not problems.Bottom line: this is a professional grade stand at a student stand price. I am thoroughly pleased with it and if ever I need another stand this is the model I will purchase.
Super sturdy, well built. What more can I say, it's a sheet stand.
This is a great stand and highly adjustable. Can be used seated or standing for a person over 6 feet tall. There was a review I read with negative comments about the design, claiming that pulling on the panel to lift the stand would cause it to come off. Nonsense. There are clamps for every adjustment and the stand is rock-solid. Because it's lightweight and portable, I could see it getting top heavy if you put a heavy book on the stand and jacked it up to maximum height. But this is a GREAT stand.
solid good stand, it is decent quality and doesn't have any places that will break easily.  can take anywhere you want
