It is a decent cable. It does its job, but it leaves much to be desired as far as structural integrity is concerned. The mating part of the connector jiggles back and forth. The switch is also loose. The connector will move around 2mm out of the microphone without the switch being pressed.'I would not recommend using this cable for critical applications. It would be more suited to home or hobby use.
the cable is great for connecting directly to the computer microphone to record live without a console or mixer...... its great  i recomended
Bought this to hook up a Beta 58 to a Panasonic G2 DSLR and a Kodak Zi8 for interviews. Works the way it's supposed to. 90 degree TRS is a nice touch. Good price.
Just received this cord and it seems to work as expected. What can you say about an adapter cord?  It is well made, good construction and sound from my DSLR with my mic is superb.
If you're like me, you probably bought this to hook up an XLR microphone to a digital recorder or a PC.It works fine for the handy type recorders.But forget hooking this directly to a PC.  Way too much noise.
I bought this for my Canon Vixia HF G10 Video Camera and a Shotgun Mic that I recently purchased for it. I needed a 12&#34; wire for it to be a perfect fit from my mic (which is mounted on the Mini Advanced Shoe) to the microphone plug on the Video Camera...The wire on this thing is *not* 1 foot long. the actual wire is under 8&#34; long itself. I would have returned this thing but it was cheap enough that it wasn't worth the hassle... I'd have rated it 1 star, but I tried it on my Nikon D3200 (Shoe mounted Shotgun Mike) and it worked out ok. Still a tight fit though (since there's only 8&#34; of wire)...I'd recommend anyone looking for a short cable go with a 2' adapter; worst case scenario, you can zip-tie a loop instead of getting angry that it doesn't fit.Also, not sure if it's the wire (so this didn't affect stars) but I hear a hiss when recording. Again; unsure if it's the way the wires are stretched out to the max on the DSLR or not (or my shotgun mic).
Well made, XLR 3 pin adaptor to mini.  Needed to get a real XLR mic into the computer and this did the job.
