Most comfortable picks - only complaint is that I would like four in a pack. If you use all four fingers buy two sets...
I'm used to conventional steel finger picks. These actually work really well as long as you don't play hard, like I sometimes do with my other picks. Playing hard really hurts my exposed finger pads that are ordinarily covered by regular picks. However, these allow for better touch and expression when playing softly.
Sounds like a great concept and they seem well made. I just don't care for them. I know others love them so I guess it's just a personal thing.It took weeks to receive them in the US. Don't be in a rush.
I love the open feel from these picks.  It's almost like picking with with just your fingers, except with more volume.
I decided to try these open metal finger picks when I could no longer find ProPicks, which I really like.  ProPick open metal pick users will probably think that these look very familiar.  Compared with the ProPicks these are manufacturer from a heavier, stiffer metal.  They offer the user the advantage over conventional plastic and metal finger picks that you can actually feel the string with the fleshy part of your finger.  I find these (and the ProPicks, for that matter) much more natural than conventional picks.  These actually have some advantages over the old ProPicks: (1) you get three finger picks, rather than two; and (2) because the metal is a heavy gauge, they seem to be less likely to bend during playing and fall off your fingers.  It would be nice to see these packaged in a little plastic container so that they're protected in the guitar case; however, they are so heavy duty that they can probably survive quite well free-ranging around in the case.  Highly recommended for fingerpicking on acoustic guitar and resonator guitar.
Don't know what the delay was but it took forever to get here.  The picks look like they will work although they are a little hard to bend, we will see if it's what I was looking for, thanks!
Bought these as normal finger picks were not working for me.  I grew up playing without picks when playing finger-style and the transition to wearing picks was not going well. I can wear these either on the outside or inside of the nail. These are working a lot better for me.
I play with fingernails and just can't control standard metal banjo-style fingerpicks because I can't feel the strings. I used Alaska picks for years, which are very good. These are better. They give the control of nails, yet the tone and protection of metal - and I can feel the strings! Muting, harmonics, everything...  If you play with nails and want finger picks, these are for you.
