This was recommended to me by the top engineer at Genz-Benz bass amplification company.  Andy said that this product is far superior to any other.  He was right.  Fixed the scratchy potentiometer on my Shuttle 6.0 amp.  Also fixed the effects loop jacks, which had become oxidized and were causing my amp to intermittently lose 90% of its power on gigs.  Not good!  After several gigs worth of testing, both problems are resolved!  Andy said that this product actually works better over time once it has been applied since it has a lubricating, cleaning and coating effect on the components.  Wow!  And no, Andy does not own stock in, have affiliation with, or represent in any way the manufacturers of De-Oxit.  Nor do I.
This thing is like a magic Spray! Hah!Seriously... I used this on noisy hinges, car doors, etc.I really bought it to clean the POTs (volume controls and knobs) on my Guitars, pedals and equipment. It really does work and gets rid of the static noise you get when you turn your volume control on your radio or guitar for example.
I bought this product to use on my amp pots. It restored the sound,power and clearity of my amps.It doesn't evaporate right away, but after a couple of minutes your good to go!
Back in the 1980's I bought a can of deoxit(not the right name but can't remember it) which worked much better and cost much less. It was made for the military. The spray has 3 levels but the low is still way to high. It does work but the stuff I used to have was much better. I don't see much else out there so I may have to stick with it.It is just very wasteful for the cost. I have had good luck with wd40 too, but it is very flammable. I would call it average.
Before you pay some tech to fix the knobs and switches on your guitar, stomp box or amp, try this.  95% of the time, this will take care of the problem.  If your amp cuts in and out, also try spraying the effects loop and pushing a 1/4&#34; jack in and out of the socket a dozen times.  The very first can I bought probably paid for itself a hundred times over.  Good stuff !
I deal with quite a bit of electronic musical instrument gear from guitars, basses, amps, FX, MIDI gear, etc.  Over time most of it starts suffering from scratchy / noisy pots (knobs), input and output jacks that are crackly, etc.In the past I've tried some Locktite electronics cleaner, which is provided in a similar can. It would rarely work.In contrast this has cleaned every piece of gear I've used it on saving me from having to physically replace the pots and jacks. It's really like magic in a can.
I was getting errors that my printer cartridge wasn't recognized and I sprayed some on the contacts and wiped off the excess with a paper towel.  Now it's working!
This stuff works great and is well worth the price, I used it to clean the pots on several guitars and a bass amp along with various effect pedals, no more scratchiness, no more jarring volume spikes, all my knobs glide now better than the day they were new, I'll always keep a can of this around, nothing more to say, great stuff.
Fantastic stuff....I sprayed it in my bass guitar's pot and now its like new. Wish I had found this stuff sooner.
What was it, brillcream? a dab will do ya?Something like that -This is all you need for contact cleaning. Worth the coin.
I've got an old mesa boogie that has developed scratchy controls over the years.This stuff cleaned most of them out pretty well but my midrange pot is starting to crackle again.I hate to tear the chassis out again but it'd gotta happen
I used this on my guitar Tone and Volume pots and it clears up the crackle.Feels a little oily, but gets the job done and you don't have to replacethe potentiometers.
Use this alot on all kinds of electronics. It gets crackling knobs going again. I've use it for years. recommend
The pots on my bass has become &#34;scratchy&#34; so I sprayed a bit into them, turn the pots back and forth a few times and no more noise. Great for what I needed.
