This set is not for everyone! In fact, you might have to get the neck adjusted after installing this set.  While I can see rockers laying down overpowering riffs with these my goal is to get the lowest action I can on a jazz box.  No question about the quality, though, these hold up the same fine standards as the other Slinky sets.
Awesome strings, did what I needed them to do (Drop A/B). Good tension.Only con is that Ernie Ball strings seem to wear out fast and lose tone. So for now I'm good but in a few weeks I'll need new strings. In which case I'll probably go D'addario or Cobalts.Still, decent strings if you need cheap strings fast.
They work great. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings. I use these on an old Gibson semi-hollow body.
Does the job nicely, I use these for me guitar thats set for slide playing and I've not had any problems with them. Good solid strings
I play Progressive and Thrash metal, and these strings hold out nicely. Tuned them down to A sharp (b flat?) and they sounded sweet. Back up to E (standard) and they provide nice full sounding tone.
I have used Ernie Ball strings for along time.  Mostly slinky's or super slinky's.  I read the review on these and thought I would give these a try for the sound they make paired with a LP.I bought these to replace the stockers on the EPI LP 100 I just bought.  Luckily I order two packs.  I was putting on the top E string and had turned the crank less than a few times, not near enough tension on the string yet to even be in tune yet, and "pop" it broke. I had ordered two sets, so I put on the one from the new set. No problems until I got to the G string, then "pop" another breaker. Very sad quality.After finally getting them on and in tune (you will need to stretch the top 3 strings alot to get them to stay in tune, especially the E) I have to say they have a great sound to them.  Nice tone and sustain.  Great crucnhy sound for metal, but still a good clean tone too.  These are thick strings, but still bendable, just not very far.  I would rate the sound 5 stars.Unfortunately, it takes two packs of strings for one successful stringing to occur because of how brittle the strings are.  So I have to give these three stars overall.
I use these in standard tuning on my prs mccarty. The sound is unbelievable. Thick and creamy sound. Lasts slmost 3 weeks before the tone dies. Good price. Good strings.
Great highs and lows, but rough on the fingertips, and difficult doing barre chords, slides, and single string progressions. OK with more effort
So these are heavy strings that work well. I did have an issue with the strings messing with my bridge on my guitar but with some more springs it worked well enough.
Tried a heavier gauge string for playing slide guitar on my S.G. It worked out perfectly . I am 66 years old and have been playing Guitar for over fifty years. Of course over the years I've tried other strings but always seem to come back to  Ernie Ball strings . There are no surprises. The quality Is always the same. Also, I believe the very best value for the dollar. From extra slinky to heavy gauge Jazz strings , You just can't go wrong. I am a fairly new Amazon customer and am finding out that that all important trust factor is there and have no hesitation on my part in shopping with them.
these heavy gauge are the main strings I use. Detune great, good harmonics, great presence, I use them across a whole range of genres, from Death metal to Blues to  Funk and beyond!
