Comfortable and very nice fabric!! love it!! =) looks awesome with my white jackson! and u can also adjust it to your body =)
its just a basick thin leather strap, my only problem with it is it could be longer my bass sits to high with this strap set at its longest setting
Great strap for the price. Absolutely no complaints/issues at all. Light weight but sturdy. I was able to put strap locks on this strap with no issues and it works great. Comfortable as well.
It does the job but it is a little low on the quality side.  Surprisingly it is not that stiff; not surprisingly I think that has to do with the quality/thickness of the leather.  I don't know if I'm slower than the usual folk but it took awhile for me to learn to adjust it; you have to remove the &#34;buckle&#34; strap to readjust the strap to length.Bottom line?  It works and I feel comfortable with it supporting my axe.
But dont let that deter you. That just means it will break-in that much more quickly. My favorite strap is not padded in any way, like this strap, but a little wider. I use this on a Telecaster and it looks nice and matches well with the color scheme of the guitar. I hooked a couple4pcs Round Head Strap Locks Black for Guitar Schaller-styleon it and away we went. The strap is made in Canada from decent quality leather(not bonded) and the gold Fender logo is understated, yet classy. It's a classic strap from Fender. What else is there to say?
Very beatiful and good quality. Nothing bad to say, it's a Fender strap with the hard rock leather look! Highly recommended!
Not much to say about a plain leather strap except that it's what I wanted and serves me well with the Fender guitar it's strapped to.
Very nice quality of leather. It's just a little bit short for my taste. The guitar rested too high for my liking. With some creative engineering I was able to get it to the length I needed.
Very nice guitar strap. I bought it for my ukulele and it works fine. Good leather and believe it or not made in Canada not China! I would recommend this item for either guitars or in my case Ukuleles. Good value! Great seller and fast delivery. Thanks Amazon for a great product!
Plain leather. Looks good and has the Fender logo prominent. No padding, which may be a bit of a problem if you are playing long hours. I use it on a black and white Stratocaster and am happy with it.
This strap works fine for my acoustic using the leather laces to tie around the neck of the guitar.  I didn't like it so much for my electric guitar, because I was nervous that it would come loose, since the leather &#34;buttonholes' are somewhat wimpy.  If you have a heavy electric guitar, I recommend that you buy a locking guitar strap or something with thicker leather.  It would have been better if it had a felt backing, or at least an adjustable pad.
This is a nice strap.  It feels really durable.  I like the black side and the soft leather side.  It feels good around my shoulders
