I have been using Olympus VN-7100 for recording piano and singing sessions, and I want to upgrade it to DR-O7MKII for stereo and connecting to computer. It has more features for me to learn new songs rather than recording tasks. Used it few times to record piano and singing recitals and practices.  The sounds is amazing, and it is much better than VN-7100, and the price is worth to spend.  I haven't fully utilized it yet and didn't have time to study the menu completely, so I just checked the menu whatever I need at this stage.  So far, I am happy for what I got the recording quality from this guy.The build is light, which is good, but its plastic material is kinda cheap as most reviewer commented, and the size is bulky, and I think it can be shorten as DR-40, too bad I don't need 4 channels yet even though I can use it for guitar practices and session.  Ended up I picked DR-07MKII for slightly less $$ ...Bought it for my x'mas gift and got a promotion of $15 rebate at that time. I mailed whatever is needed for the rebate to the vendor for almost 3 weeks, but I still haven't gotten any notice from the vendor.  Besides that, the vendor requests to cut the bar code label from the original box with a filled form for the rebate, which make me dislike.  If they don't rebate to me, and I can't return it neither since the original was cut & trashed!  feel like it's a tricky rebate ...
This unit works as advertised.  I've used it to record my garage band shows.  Making a simple recording and transferring it to a computer for storage and playback is easy to accomplish for a novice.  Buyers should bear in mind that the unit records ambient sounds (e.g., audience and any other background noise), so if you want a more pure sound, you should record directly to a computer through a mixer or other interface to instruments, microphones, etc.
If your a musician (or want to be?) recording you practices and rehearsals are an important part of your ability to learn to play well. I have found recording to be extremely important to my ability to learn new songs and that having been said, you cannot beat a Tascam recorder for ease of operation, features and sound quality. Enough said, buy a Tascam if you serious about your music.
The use of the device was moderately difficult.  The primary difficulty was in the how the user's manual was written.  The information is not straight forth, and the "how to" especially on setting up the device was severely lacking.  This left me to the old plug and chug method.  Once I figured out how to set it up...I found the sound quality weak and tinny out of the onboard speaker.  The DR did sound better with ear buds, but still was short of what I expected based on the reviews on Amazon and other websites.  The good things though is that it is light, portable and the mics can be moved.  I wasn't expecting bose type of sound, but I wasn't expecting to hear the tin man either.
I waited a few weeks to get used to the recorder before reviewing it, I didnt want to be like some of the other reviewers who gave a first impression review based of their lack of understanding.It works great for talks lectures and band pratice as well as muic ideas...$12 16GB Sandisc cards work great as long as you understand it only records up to 2gb at a time, but the Tascam will jump to next 2gb if it runs over only causing a few second skip.... it sounds good natural and spacias...get it...I paid $110 shipped for mine, so look on Amazon or Ebay for purchase...the big music stores always mark up the prices very HIGH...zzounds, musicians friend sweetwater music 123, dont buy from them...Jim
Just use a smartphone to record stuff. This is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. Not really worth the $75 - I returned mine.
I bought this in 2012 to record music classes and workshops that I take in both acoustic / fingerstyle guitar as well as electric guitar, bass and percussion.  All of those environments are very different and require different approaches otherwise you'll wind up with only mumbling or with the sound blown out.  The DR-07MKII has worked well for over 100 classes recorded.This unit has been great for picking up the human voice about 20 feet away while it has been sitting on an extra tilted music stand.  With it set to auto level then I can take it to a loud percussion class or electric band class and it quickly adjusts itself to the environment.You can also set limits for clipping or set the levels manually.  I've needed to do that for classes that involved a lot of lectures but then bursts of high sound.  I was willing to let the bursts clip so that I didn't miss the human speaking around them.One little feature that I now love is the fact that you can preset the file names and it uses them followed by a number to create next file.  I set them for certain venues that take classes or even a class name if I know that I'm going to be taking only that class for a few weeks.  This makes it easy to copy to my PC and keep organized.
I purchased this product a few weeks ago after reviewing and "kicking" the tires of this one and it's competition.  I will tell you up front my decision to buy the DR-07MKII over the Zoom H1 came down to the inclusion of a guitar tuner and the ability to be a phrase trainer!  I'm a musician and a wanna-be videographer, since the quality of captured sound was the same on each test I read about (DR-07MKII vs Zoom H1) and listened too on YouTube I decided the tuner would keep my gig bag the same size.Most reviews never touched on the phrase trainer feature targeted at musicians.  Tascam makes a line of phrase trainers that typically cost between $150-200 and don't even have high quality microphones, so discovering I could toss an MP3 of the song I was learning and slow it down to figure out the chords and lead guitar parts was an unexpected surprise. This is the better choice for musicians.Other features I appreciate about the DR-07MKII, the adjustable microphones, quick turn on and being armed to record, the file system, the low battery consumption.I should also mention that straight out of the box i attempted to record, after all, everyone said how easy it was to simply open it up, power it up and start recording.  Well, I got a recording without sound!  The unit comes from the factory with the record level at zero.  Once I figure that out all was right again in my universe.  You will want to start with a recording level that is high and adjust lower to suite your recording situation.  I found out the hard way how much of a waste of time it was to start low first, a few of my early attempts at recording our church worship team practice was disappointing.  The more aggressive recording level solved that problem.I purchased a standard microphone windscreen for it, after the first time or two of stretching it on with some difficulty the windscreen loosened up enough to make it a simple process.  I have tried recording outside with this unit and the windscreen with good results. I still don't know how I will solve the  wind noise issue when recording ambient sound (microphone capsules facing out) since the windscreen will only cover the microphones in the XY pattern position.  I'm sure someone makes the smaller windscreen though.For my video work I use inexpensive hd capable camcorders. My new fascination is with the Song Bloggie (swivel camera lense), they are inexpensive now ($50 on Craigslist these days) and with the DR-07MKII all my video pieces have wonderful sound to go along with the surprisingly good picture quality I get from the Bloggie.One last detail, at the point of purchase I discovered Amazon was doing a special on my purchase and discounted the DR-07MKII to the same price point as the Zoom H1... win win!  I got what I expected with my purchase, you will too.
This is probably obvious to more experienced musicians, but for Amateur musicians (like me), If you think that you know how your audience hears you because you listen through your monitor while you play, then you're fooling yourself.  You have to listen to your mix by recording it, then listening while you're not playing/singing.
