So ive been playing using this thing for a couple of weeks now. Ive ran different setups and seem to work well with my pedals one at a time except for one issue that I noticed consistently, so beware of this.One channel (#8) does 9v with 500mA, sounds great right?I plug in my Even Tide Timefactor and works great by itself. Once I added other pedals, there became a horrible hum. Like noticable and just horrible. Then I used my stock Timefactor power supply and plugged in my entire rig without drawing 500mA from output 8, and there was no hum.This phenomena also occured when I plugged in my Holy Grail pedal (the classic one) that draws 500mA as well.kind of annoying to have a power strip to power all my pedal, but im not complaining about it for a power supply that is a fraction of the price of a vodoo pp2+, to power most of my pedal quietler than a one spot.
This isn't the best power supply available. It doesn't truly isolate each input. The description says the outputs are &#34;isolated,&#34; but what this means is that they are independent; that is, if one input has a short in it, that one will cease to function and not the other, working inputs. So the short circuit protection is isolated, but the grounding is not.This can cause some issues with noise, but there are other things that can cause noise too. It's not always just the power supply making the noise. It could be certain pedals, cables, or some combination of factors. A power conditioner will sometimes help as well.However, the Joyo provides plenty of power--enough for 8-9V inputs and 1 each of 12V and 18V.It is dependable, solidly built, comes with plenty of connectors and is small enough to fit on moderately sized pedal boards. I have 12 5 x 3 pedals on my board with 2 of these Joyo units, and my board is about 26 x 14.There is some noise, but I don't attribute that just to the power supply. It takes some investigating and maybe an experienced tech to trace this down. I'm not sure it can ever be completely eliminated, but the Joyo itself seems to produce very little, and it's a third to half the price of the truly isolated units, and a definite step up from a daisy chain. It also has those cool blue lights that you can turn on or off.
Very versatile power supply and much cheaper than others.  This is not true isolated outputs, but it is quiet and that is what counts.  I have the Fuel Tank Chameleon and I end up using this because it fits the needs of the pedals on my board the best, mainly because of the 500ma output. Here is a comparison of the JP-02, Chameleon, and the OneSpot.  I have all three.T-REX FUEL TANK CHAMELEON (1350ma)Outputs 1-3: 9v/12v 300maOutput 4: 9v/18V 150maOutput 5: 9v/12v 300ma| ---- Use 5 OR 6 only, not bothOutput 6: 12v AC 300maJOYO SP-02 (1000ma)Outputs 1-7: 9v 100maOutput 8: DC 9V Maximum output of 500mAOutput 9: DC12V 100maOutput 10: DC18V 100maVISUAL SOUND ONESPOT (1700ma 9v only)Daisy Chain Power into 8 pedals not exceeding 1700ma
This thing Rocks! Unlike other cheap Chinese-made ripoffs (ahem... Behringer) These Joyo products are well made, inexpensive and worth every penny.
I have a home brew pedal board with 6 pedals on it. This allowed me to clean up the wiring a lot and powers all of them with no problems. The blue LED lights are quite bright and make the pedals visible in dark room conditions. Not a bad price, either!
I like this power supply, but I wish that the LED's only turned on for the channels that you have a cable plugged in to, so for that reason I'll give it 4 stars as opposed to 5. The quantity of power outlets and the amperage's that it provides are best in class.
So far this power supply is great! Pretty compact and light, come with all the power cables you need and does the job at a far more reasonable price at the other power supplies I was considering. No complaints here!
Well, it's a solid chunk of metal.  The lights on it are either all on or all, off, so they are useless to me.You can power any lightweight 9v, 12, or 18v stompbox with this.  Just watch the milliamps because I don't think this can deliver much more than a few hundred per box.My only issue with it is that the included patch cords are all the same length.  Would have been nice to have a few really long ones.It is more expensive than a one spot, but I guess this is a neater solution and at the very least, I can actually use my all the stompboxes  I want now.
joyo makes great quality products  cheap. I love this product it works great. all my pedals hove there own power supply
I've read its not really complete isolated, but it does the job. I didn't realise how much noise my one spot was adding. I A/B them both one after the other and it truly was quieter. the only Problem I have is my TC Helicon takes 12 volts input but 300MA. this pedal only supplies 100MA so the pedal didn't work in the 12 volt slit. Luckily however it does work plugged into the 9volt 300MA spot so im using it there. everything else in the other 9volt 100MA slots.it's a lot quieter now. I recommend trying it and saving some cash.
I admit I haven't had it long, but so far so good. I have a Gator pedal board that came with their power supply. Unfortunately, that thing has a proprietary connector on the cable. The PS is fine, but the cable is shorting out. Couldn't find another cable, so I thought I'd find another solution with a more generic cable. This Joyo product fits that and is cheaper than the competition (which made me a little skeptical). I may never need all its features, but for what I need (powering 5 devices) it is doing the job beautifully. My pedal board includes tuner, chorus and octaver stomp boxes, a bass DI and a Rolls headphone amp. The JP-02 frees me up from any other wall warts. Money! Now I just need to figure a way to attach it to the bottom of the pedal board.
