I am extremely pleased with this amp. I purchased it because I was looking for a tube practice amp and this fit the bill. The numerous voicings and setting on this little gem make it worth far more than the asking price. Even though this is a low wattage amp, this sucker can get LOUD. The other reviews detail the exact specs much better than I could, so I will defer to them for that.However, this little amp packs a big punch when it comes to tone. I highly recommend it!
The Fender Vibro Champ is a great little amp. I'm amazed at how good this amp sounds. A small light weight package with a good set of voices that outputs a decent amount of sound.This is a 5 Watt Tube amp with enough power to fill a medium sized room or the perfect practice amp. This is a much better and louder amp than the small $100 solid state starter / practice amps by all the major manufacturers. Fender uses two very standard tubes for pre- and amplification: 12AX7 and 6V6 (both are Fender branded tubes). These are nice clean tubes that react consistently.The amp takes about 15 seconds to warm up and draws 45 Watts.The cool part of this amp is the 16 voice settings. In reality the amp packs effects for 7 different amps, Tweed, Blackface, British, Hot Rod, Metal, Jazz, and Acoustic. The first five have three different levels of style each. Our other two amps are Marshalls, an acoustic and a half stack. If I'm being really honest, I like the sound of this amp a lot more than the half stack. This is a clean simple amp to use. The Marshall has a ton of tweaks that are hard to get exactly right.The volume level on the different voices is nowhere near matched. Some voices are incredibly loud, others are really quiet. Switching voices means moving that volume knob a lot. Sadly, the volume only goes to 10.Once the voice is selected, there are 5 effects settings possible with two or three level for each (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo). The F/X level knob adjusts the amount of the effect applied (set to 1, the effect isn't used at all). This is probably the least useful part of the amp. There is no pedal selection, so once the effect is selected and volume dialed in, you're kind of stuck with that until you fiddle with the amp again. There's no easy way to change the effect in the middle of a song.There is a gain knob.I like the speaker on this amp. It is nicely detailed with a good warm sound. The internal speaker is connected with a 1/4 inch jack, so it is possible to connect the amp up to another cabinet with a simple 1/4 inch speaker cable. Very nicely done Fender, most cheaper amps are hard wired to the speaker. The back panel also has a 1/4 inch jack Line Out.This is a great small gig or practice amp. The sound is outstanding. The amp is used with a 1983 Gibson Lucille and a 2008 Les Paul Standard Plus.
Bought this as a supplement to my other amps (to record blues tones).  I first saw it in a big box musician's store while there was a "blues guitar session" going which is a public jam session open to anyone.  They had a lot of tube Fender amps plugged in.  I was surprised when I plugged into this amp away from that group, turned it up, and started playing... It sounded just as good as those other amps.  The two employees that worked there and two other customers couldn't believe where the sound was coming from... even the other players checked it out.  I don't understand how Fender has managed to keep this amp a secret for so long... poor marketing maybe?  I don't know, but if you want a blues or blues-rock amp with some great vintage tones, check these out.  Pick up a used one.They sound like a tube amp because, essentially, they are.  The amp sounds big and warm from the tubes, not thin and tin-like.  Has GREAT overdriven tweed, blackface, and bassman models.  A couple of the Marshall settings aren't bad either.  This amp sounds better than the Super Champ to my ears (tried this out at the store as well) which makes sense since it's a class A amp as opposed to class B... warmer and more articulate.The speaker is decent but this amp also sounds great using an external speaker cabinet.For home jamming and recording blues without driving everyone nuts, this amp is a God-send.  Check one out and you'll want it.
Small. Light weight. Stunning Fender Blackface looks. Warm tube power amp that is both smooth and responsive. The digital voicing is direct and easy to set up. The fact that Fender has discontinued this model was a shock to me. It is one fine small amp that begs to be used in the recording studio. The direct out provideds a simple and easy way to hook up to the board for signal to recorder/mixer and still give you the amp's skeaker as a monitor for yourself. What could be easier? And it mikes well too, by the way. The choice is yours there.With no LED display (cost increase if one was there) and the plain use of volume and tone mixed with the drive, it's so simple to dial in a great tone that it just makes playing fun, and practicle too. The voiceing models from the amp selection are quite good and true to the amp that it replecates. The Tweed, Blackface, and Marshall voicing are all well done and lend to the overall tone of this fine little amp.Love the reverb in the FX section. The spring reverb is so well done that I bumped the amp once and was looking for the "spring chrash" known from amps with the real spring reverb. It's that good. Once again, the controls are easy and direct. Never an issue to simply select a model and then dial it in with little effort. Who cares if it doen't have a floorboard with dozens of switches and such for channel selection? You want that, go waste your money on a Line 6 or something. This Champ is made for one thing. To give you the best possible tone and selection for the least amount of money and effort. I believe it has accomplished that well.Again, a shame that Fender has dropped this model from the line up of products. The super model is a step up in power and speaker size, but also the cost is higher as well. I'm just glad that I got one of these from Amazon. com when I did and will not part with the amp. Been playing for five decades now and I know when I have a good instrument or gear and when I don't. This model is a keeper to be sure. And I don't even like digital! How's that for an endorsement? It's that good for what it does....
I got this for $150 dollars when it was on sale. I don't like 8 inch speakers for gigging, but it has unbelievably good sound when going from the line out into a PA. The 8 inch speaker is okay for practice, and it has a jack for an external cabinet. Be careful with the load you put on your amp though.
I've been using a very cheap amp for too long and decided to try a tube amp. This thing gave me chills the first time I played it as my wife was staring at me with open mouth after I unboxed it and turned it on thinking at first "you wasted our money on this" which turned to "dang this thing sounds good guess it's ok with me" as I begin to shred on it with my p90 equipped les paul..The tons of effects are very nice and sound very realistic, and for 5 watts this think can play ridiculously loud and clear in a large living room or small venue, though I don't think it is loud enough for a drummer. It has line out and speaker out which is great, and this amp has nice build quality. Plus it's on sale right now so snatch one before they're all gone. I would gig with this miked or even record with it and plug the line out right into recording device. Note that this thing takes about 15 seconds to warm up so you can't just flip it on and play instantly (not a huge deal, just turn it on before you get situated). I wish they could have crammed a 10 inch speaker in it, though the 8 inch in there sounds rather decent for what it is and is very efficient. So stop thinking about it and just go buy it!
