It's a flange pedal, what else? For the price I was really happy with it. If I knew someone who was more skilled than me I'd get the workings inside a different case. The shape is cool, but I'd feel safer with it in a metal casing. The button is smaller than I thought, but it's not an issue at all; it's kinda easier to press!As for someone like me who is starting to get into pedals, for the price just to see how they work and if you want to invest in this realm, I would recommend this!
The regen control goes to very strong deep levels that will rumble the floor at the lower end (My fender excelsior with it's 15 inch speaker rattled the walls) of its sweep and can give a very cool effect. I notice very little tone suck with the pedal bypassed. Also, the speed know has a great range with 5+ second sweeps to super fast leslie and univibe like tones. The depth knob does it's job. It doesn't have a manual knob to move the sweep, but I leave the depth all the way up most of the time so it's no big deal. For the price, this was perfect for trying out a discreet flanger pedal instead of the one built into my Vox modeling amp.
-1 star for plastic...otherwise excellent , YouTube has many reviews on these,The FAB pedals are great values,For what a flanger is for me, this is perfect, great sounds great price.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-6 Fab Flange effects pedal works great and gives me that wobble phase shift you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
the case is made of plastic so care should be taken in stomping on it but the product is so much fun!!! this thing is so worth the 20 dollars that i paid for it and more! wide sweeping flange effect, great harmonics and little power useage.  well worth the investment!!!!
