Works good.good buy
Just got this in this week. Looks nice and works as intended. For 22 bucks, can't really go wrong. I use this with a Behringer C1 and have had no trouble getting it to fit. It's a bit snug, but I would prefer a snug fit over a loose fit.
I really wanted this to be a great product.  The screws strip out too easily.  Basically, if you put a microphone in it, and ever have to use it for a microphone, it is going to strip out.  I had two of them and was hoping that the first one was a lemon.  Nope.  Even the pop filter fell off.  I LOVE the design, but they need to make them strong enough to handle the weight of a microphone and strong enough to handle regular studio usage... ex:  adjusting the position of the mic, picking up a mic stand and moving it, etc.  Otherwise, don't have an adjustable tilt option.  Just make it one solid piece.  I'm tempted to try to fix it with Gorilla Glue because I do love the design.  It's just not strong enough.  Not that it's a surprise though.  Not much of anything is worth the money these days.  It's a damn chore to return every friggin' purchase these days that they don't really have to care about actually testing products.  Why should they?  They already have your money.  I feel like I should get paid for testing their products and the time spent un-boxing and packing things back up.  Besides, what are they going to do?  Replace it with another broke a$$ product?  Better yet, refund my money for the product I paid - minus shipping????  That doesn't include the time I spent trying to prevent you from buying one and testing their damn product in the first place.  I want a refund, plus an hourly wage.  Whatever, don't buy one.  Companies that don't test their products don't deserve your business.  What would make me happy, is for one of these companies that make these products to answer the question(s):  Did you test this product?  How did you test it?  What were your results?  Is it ready to be sold to the public with confidence?Nope
Great mount for the price. Filter attached to mount is great idea, saves space and simplifies mic stand setup. Quality good, especially given fairly low price.
I'm loving this pop filter! It looks professional in design, and feels very sturdy on the mic stand. The built in shock mount is definitely a plus. I like it because some beginners try to grab the mic in the studio when recording vocals. This immediately let's them know to just speak into the microphone. Also offers the option of removing the pop screen if you want. Amazon was great in conjunction with the seller! My item arrived lightning fast! Amazon is like music to my ears, and that's why their products are in my studio. Simply THE BOMB!!!!!
I got these for the build in Pop Screen. However I found it can only be attached in one place. This is ok if you are using a full boom that&#8217;s facing the singer. But if you are working in a tight space and the boom stand is to the side of the singer , this presents difficulties. It fits my MXL mic and any mic up to 52mm without a problem.
Believe it or not, I've yet to use this screen. I was short a shock mount for one of my Cad condensers. I've yet to use that mic again. Go figure. But I love the way screen and mount look? I know. So esoteric. But I'm still giving it 5 stars. Thanks again Amazon.
