I dunno, cause I'm stingy with stars.  These have a nice sound.  I had an old guitar I bought for cheap at a garage sale for my son (8 at the time) to play on, but never really cared for it.  I finally got it out and started to tune it, but the steel strings broke.  SO I replaced with these.  It's a classic guitar, it shouldn't have had steel strings to begin with.
great sounding strings. you can hear the difference once it is used. i will try to buy another one after i have proven its performance.
These are really cheap strings but how they sound!! really good!! obviously not for serious live performing but for playing with friends or just rehearse, these are the ones!
D'Addario strings have never failed me. These are so much better than the other nylon strings I used to buy where the ball end always broke. These strings sound nice and you can't go wrong with the price tag either.
I have a Don Pablo Cuban guitar, made in 1969,, for a few months,,, never change the strings,, and sounds great,,, I put this strings,, and wao,,know sounds wonderful,, few guitarist fellows could not believe the sound of the guitar after the string change,, try,, this are the best
Restrung my guitar with no problems. These were my first set of new strings so I dont really know what to fuss about hen comparing strings but these seem to work fine and have a great tone. I can really hear the difference between new and old strings. The strings are nice and smooth, and springy, very easy to press on.
These take a while to break in but the tone is smooth and warm. They made my Cordoba C5 sound like a more expensive guitar. Not overly bright, just a richer tone
I bought a cheap 3/4 guitar that sounded really bad.  I replaced the stock strings with the D'Addario strings and it made it sound much better.
Great prce
in the old days, we used tobe able to buyall 6 NYLON clear strings....now tis almost impossible....with these strings on even a cheap or semi decentclassic geeetar....one will prefer playing on the hi 3 treble strings...very nice, resonant, and clean...not shrillbutwhat is that garbage metallica with the other 3 supposed to bebass strings i dont know...Again, like someone else NOTED the OBVIOUS>>>>>sound transition from the nylon to the wire wound nylon is GIGANTIC.This makes the move from the D to the G string too noticableCANT THEY EVEN MAKE  6 strings that sound similar for the same one guitar even ?makes it sound like 2 different geeetars totally...sucks bad now.oohthanks man
I can't really say anything negative about this set of nylon strings.It sounds really good on my classical guitar. Will buy it again in the future.
I've played guitar for some 35 years and have found D'Addario strings to be of consistently good quality.  They are one of maybe three companies I trust to manufacture a good set of strings no matter what classification of instrument.  Whether classical (nylon), acoustic (brass) or electric (nickel)... their strings produce excellent sound and are durable.Like any string, one needs to match size and construct to personal playing style.  That comes through reading reviews and quite often, simply testing.  But I've never played a set of this brand that I didn't like.  They always provide vibrant tonal quality.And no I don't work for D'Addario; just a long-time fan. : )
