These strings fit the Bill perfectly for "MY" desired sound from a Yamaha LJ-16 Acoustic Guitar which has been "Doctored" with Bone Saddle, Pins and nut. When I decided to put the money into the guitar, it was my belief that the Elixir Strings would continue to provide the sound and feel that I like so much in the LJ-16 and after all the work was completed......that proved to be true to form. I did move to the Medium for a little improvement from the Bass side and it's a most outstanding sound from a medium price, hand crafted guitar. Elixir has the best (most comfortable) feel, to me, of all the strings that I've tested and these provide the best (for my liking) sound on this guitar. Try them if it's quality sound that you're looking for..............These are great!!!!
WAY better than stock strings that I received with my Fender acoustic.  I am a beginner guitar player, but I was definitely able to hear a much brighter tone and it felt a little better on the fingers.
These strings are my second choice after the Elixir 80/20 Bronze. They are warmer sounding, well balanced. Cost a lot but well worth it to me.
Guess this was an open box or dented box but the stuff inside seemed ok.  Will need to check them next week or so.
Strings on my accoustic were old, probably corroded.  It was time to replace all with frest strings.  These are great, did the job.
I have absolutely no gripes with Elixir nanoweb phosphor bronze strings. I have been using them since the first appeared on the scene and have become my go-to brand. I've read many reviews where some people complain of sting breakage. I have yet to ever break an Elixir acoustic guitar string (in over 10 years of playing them). Can't even imagine. The only other coated string that may be a little better is Clear Tone--but I have had inconsistencies with them and because they cost more, I just go with Elixir and am never disappointed. I'm not a fan of the "Polyweb" which has a much more visible thick coating. The nano-webs get it right--they last a long time, sound great, and as far as I know don't flake polymer dust in your kisser.
