I've only recently heard of Joyo pedals, and that's because Amazon.com kept recommending them to me.  I normally stick with BOSS pedals - they sound good, and they're all the same size, so they're easy to set up/maintain.  This pedal was priced very well ($32), and had nearly a 5 star rating.  I used to have a BOSS Phaser (I don't recall which number off the top of my head.)  It was a pretty complex little pedal, and sounded great, but I needed money and sold it.  When I saw this pop up in my Amazon, I got curious, did some research, and decided it would be a wise investment.  Sure enough, it was!  It's obviously simple to use, having one knob and all.  Over all, the pedal sounds great, and seems to be very well made.  Based on this experience, I'm very much interested in checking out their chorus, flanger and overdrive pedals.I highly recommend this to anyone who wants an inexpensive, simple yet well-made and great sounding phaser!
I just got this pedal so I don't know how it will hold up over a  long period of time. But on first play it pleasantly surprized me. It does give you some of the way out sounds other pedals my give, but it does provide a gradual increase in phase as you turn the one knob. Mine came with a 9 volt in it but you can also use a adapter. Useful tones at dollar store price= good deal
I'm really happy with this pedal.  Give a good phase sounds like Waylon would use.  Simple to use, one knob and it doesn't boost or reduce the signal
I bought this as i had already purchased tow other Joyo pedals just to see what the buzz was about.This phaser is perfect.  I do not use a dramatic effect, more or an EVH setting for leads.  This pedal is 99.8% sounding like the MXR.  I never give anything a 100%.  This is a a great phase pedal, great tone and a great price.  I am done thinking a good pedal must cost $200 and above.  This was like $35 and sounds awesome!
This is as much a reply to the guy who wants to hear from people who have had this for more than a week as it is a review for prospective buyers. I've used it for 8 months with no issues at all. It sounds great, it works perfectly and it was $40. As for quality control, I have several Joyo pedals, and I can say they all work perfectly and sound awesome. I've never used a Phase 90, so the "clone" factor was a moot point when I purchased the Joyo Vintage Phaser. It works, it's simple to use and I had money left over to buy more gear. I've been playing for 29 years and I highly recommend Joyo pedals. If you don't like it, get a refund. It's not rocket surgery.
