I could never see myself buying a dedicated compressor, reverb pedal, harmonizer, ring modulator, etc.  The Line 6 M5 seemed like a good way to have a "jack-of-all-trades" pedal on my board for those times I needed one specialized effect.  I have to say that it serves that purpose in spades.I have an all-analog board and was reluctant to have anything digital on it based on past experience with modelers.  I was wrong to worry; digital has come a long way.  Almost all of the effects sound great to my ear, especially into a tube amp.  True bypass means no tone suck to boot.High points for the delays, reverbs, and mods.  I am not a fan of all of the drives but the Overdrive and Boost Comp sound pretty awesome.  The Rat model "Classic Distortion" sounds exactly like my ProCo Rat2.  Wish I could say the same for the Big Muff model but I guess they couldn't get them all right.The only issue is I liked it so much I could not resist the urge to get the M9 so I can run three effects simultaneously.  However, if you need a pedal to fill in for those times when you need a certain single effect the M5 is a winner.
I was dissapointed to find out that you can only use one of theeffects at a time, good though they were. Too expensive foronly one effect at a time. Returned it.
Make sure you get a Diago power supply or one that can deliver more than 500MA the one sent from Line6 is only 250MA, huge error from L6!
I decided to try out the M5 in order to add some more effects options while replacing a tuner and analog delay on my pedal board. While I haven't explored all of the sounds yet, I have found some useable ones.You really need to start off by finding and dialing in the effects you like and creating your own presets. Flipping through all of the categories and individual effects is not really practical for any live performance situation. Also, factory settings are almost never where you need them to be on these devices because the source signals from different instruments vary so much.Here are some that I've personally found to be appealing so far:Delay: Analog w/Mod- a nice sounding Memory Man style delay once you dial it in to not overwhelm your source signalReverb: Room- standard adjustable digital delay, not truly authentic by any stretch but does the trick when played over other musicEnvelope Filter: Tron Up- a Winner! fully functional and authentic envelope follower, FUNKY!Synthy: Seeker- a very cool filter for single guitar notes.Octave: Bass Octaver- One note below only but quite effective especially for loopers.You will also find (as expected with a multi-effects pedal) many unpractical, downright silly-sounding noise makers. Not to say you won't find a use for them here or there but they really exist as filler unless we're talking about a 4:20 headphones session ;) Also, don't depend on any strong distortions from this unit unless you're using it as an addition to your amp's lead channel.Construction seems pretty sturdy other than the "Model Select" button which is a multi-use knob with push-down / turn action and is cheapy-cheap. It's awkward and uncomfortable to use, fortunately you only really need it while setting the unit up. I already dislodged it from its proper vertical position once while making presets.Having the choice between True-Bypass and DSP is a really nice touch (and unheard of on stomp boxes) as people have different needs here depending on your signal chain.The tuner is quite functional if a little tough to read from standing position. I do miss my KORG Pitchblack with its big bright display but this one does the trick and saves me another pedal connection.I personally wanted things like octave, envelope, phaser, etc. available to me on stage without having to buy and wire in all those pedals for occasional use individually. The M5 is serving that purpose. The sounds will probably not cut it for the audiophile or analog purist. They should also not be depended on as any basis for your overall tone. Just a large bank of fun accents to add here and there in a very manageable and affordable package.
This single pedal unit has a lot of  amazing and suprising effects. A lot of overdrive/distortions, filters, modulations, delays, reverbs, all carefully modeled. I put M5 side-by-side with the &#34;real one&#34; with a A/B switch, and don't heard differences. I'm using in musics where I need programed delays (like U2 or Pink Floyd) or when I need a specific effect - I only use Tremolo in 1 music, and this gear help me to save my money.
I really like the delays and the reverbs on this pedal, i recomend this model, it will work if you need a lot of effects in one box, it really sounds great, the distortions sounds great too.
