This fender mini guitar stand works great.  It has cushin/ padding so my guitar is safe - it's small but stady.  All in all--Good purchase.
Easy to pack, easy on the instrument, light weight but sturdy. An excellent value and a great gift idea too!
It holds all my acoustics perfectly.  It's light but stays in place okay.  Rubber pieces are soft enough and seem like they'll last a while.  Two really nice things about this design: 1) it folds up very nicely and becomes pretty small, 2) the all black and slim arms/legs design makes it look nicer in a room.  It pretty much disappears when you put a guitar on it so I'm able to have it out without offending my wife.  :)
this thing is sturdy, inexpensive, and does it's job.  no scratches or anything on my taylor.  it falls over now and then but only when i run into it
This stand easily folds, and holds my Mandolin in a scratch-proof stance.  Not good for smaller instruments, like the name may imply to some.  An attempt to hold a smaller ukulele miserably failed, but everything from Tenor uke and up, did just fine! :)
This is an good stand for situations where there aren't too many threats to your guitar (running dogs on the porch, reeling drunks at a bar). Get a heavier stand or a wall hanger if you have a fabulous vintage Martin or a handmade Henderson. Overall, well worth the price.
Small light and stays out of the way,  it just works.  Folds up if needed for travel.  I use with Stratacoustic.
It is so small and cute and totally fits my guitar with and without the bag. So if it is outside the bag of course I can showcase my guitar. The guitar inside the bag fits perfectly too. It stands as it should and it was a snap (literally) to set up it was like three steps or something. Wow. I am very impressed considering the price!!!!
this little stand is great.  I am looking at it right now, across the room, holding my Zager guitar.  it is light, non obtrusive, holds the guitar well, and it is portable when Mr. Guitar and I take a trip together.  I highly recommend it.  keeps that guitar off the bed, floor, table or anywhere else it is not really suposed to be.
Not your average Giant Clumsy Guitar Stand, but it works. The only drawback is that it is literally not big enough to provide a very stable base of support. If you have toddlers or rambunctious dogs, or even fairly large cats, a larger stand might be a better choice. If your household is quiet, this is very much a good bargain.
I have 7 of these stands for my 7 guitars. I have 4 classical guitars, 2 flamenco guitars and 1 acoustic steel string.  It's very durable and easy to set up and the guitars never tip over.  It's a really great, quality stand for the price.  They don't take up a lot of room and they're very light and portable if you want to take them with you to a gig or if you're traveling.  I highly recommend it.My guitar teacher suggested that I keep my guitar(s) out because he said that if I kept it/them in a visible, easily-accesible place that I would practice more, even if it was just a few minutes and he was absolutely right.  Instead of zipping them up and putting them away in their respective bags/cases after each practice session, I have them all out and displayed and I definitely practice and play more because as soon as I step into the room - there they are, I just pick any one of them up and start playing.  It was a simple tip that sounded like common sense but I hadn't realized that I always had the excuse that I didn't have time to practice -- but really the effort of getting the gig bag and unzipping it and taking out the guitar even though that seems like very little effort and doesn't take up a lot of time, for some reason kept me from practicing.  I guess out of sight, out of mind.  But now I keep my guitars out, and I also bought a music stand and I keep the music I'm working on and the stand out.  Yes, it takes up room and stuff but whatever gets me to practice more and play more is always very helpful.
Inexpensive. Light weight yet sturdy while holding a guitar. Folds up and can easily be stored. Highly recommend this for the guitar player.
I've got three of these simply because they work and they're easy to carry from place to place...and I insist on a stand for my guitar, none of this &#34;leaning' stuff.
I like the size of the stand and the flexibility.  Easy to put together and holds my guitar very well.
I haven't really used this guitar stand because I have been keeping my acoustic guitar in the case so I can keep the humidity nice adding water to a sponge I cut and placed into a plastic bag that I poked tiny holes in with a small nail.  The stand works as advertised.
I knoew I did not want any holder that took up too much room in my music room, not did I want something that would tip over if I blew air on it. My instructor of the guitar suggested I really read the information about all of the holders and then make my choice of the one that seemed to be light-weight yet sturdy to not fall over, looked professional, and could be the possibility of THE one I would recommend and purchase again. I really like the stability of the one I bought.
This little guitar stand works very well.  I like it much better than the larger stands that support a guitar by the neck.
This stand folds into a pretty small package, but supports the guitar very solidly. You would almost have to INTENTIONALLY knock it over, I don't think a casual bump would do it. The only complaint I would have is that the guitar leans back a bit far. My other stands are pretty standard, with a vertical riser to support the neck, and I'm used to a more upright stance. Maybe that's just a matter of taste, but otherwise this is a great stand.
This item does the job. I don't have any real marks against it but I've seen better stands out there.
This little stand collapses and sets up so easy.  Holds my guitar perfectly.  May buy one for my dad next!
Fender's new Mini Acoustic Guitar Stand is one of two new stands, the other is for electric guitars. Sturdy, reliable and easy to take on gigs or use in the studio or at home. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
If you perform at gigs, you know what a hassle it is transporting all your stuff to and from the venue.  This is a very handy stand for keeping your guitar upright and safe where size and weight are important considerations.  I used to bring along a much heavier stand that wasn't really designed for portability to keep my guitar from being knocked around.  This stand does the trick beautifully.  Nice job, Fender.
this stand is small but does the job.and folds up in to a small package.i have one for each guitar
It was cheap to buy but works just fine. I thought it might not be tall enough to hold my guitar securely but it does. The arms are coated with a soft material that prevents scratching. It is small but the arms stretch to hold almost any guitar securely. Perhaps it might be too light for a very heavy guitar. In that case, I would recommend a stand that is taller and heavier.
Extremely lightweight, compact and portable, it folds up really small so that you can carry it in your guitar case, gig bag or tuck it in the back of your amp,
I folds down to a very small size but is quite strong. I have a dreadnaught resting on it now, ready for use. It should work very well with any size acoustic guitar. Sitting by itself, the stand is small enough to be out of the way but is able to hold my precious guitar securely when put to use.  When I get another guitar, I will get another Fender stand to go with it.
My guitar doesn't fall down anymore.  Looks nice, displayed in the corner of my office.  Very light, but sturdy and is portable.  The only &#34;Fender&#34; I'll ever be able to afford!
This stand feel sturdy and strong.Compact design on stand and folding for travel.Good for acoustic and electric guitars.Thick non scratch foam is a plus.Love it.
I take workshop style guitar courses at a local Vo-Tech in a room that could not be any less suited to the purpose. People set their guitars on the desks from which they sometimes fall. Bad scene (sounds like an old "El Kabong" cartoon), and not what I want to have happen to my new Seagull Artist series guitar. This little Fender stand easily folds up into a package small enough to fit in the storage pocket of my deluxe TRIC case so I can take it with me to class.It's not the sturdiest, most secure or most stable design out there, but given it's extreme portability and the use I'll put it to, it's going to work great.
