Wow, I am very surprised by this pedal. I got it with the intention of going aft that chimey AC30 tone, which it does a decent job at. I didn't realize everything else this pedal can do. You can get a very heavily distorted full on rock crunch out of it no problem. Metal, no problem, crystal clear and punchy, no problem, super crispy tele twang, no problem.I tried it on bass and was REALLY impressed. It is eerily similar in function to my SANSAMP VT BASS pedal and gets a lovely SVT type sound quite easily with loads of bottom end. I even threw it in my bass effects chain to use as an added OD/Crunch in front of both my head/cab as well as VT BASS and PARA DRIVER. Works like a charm.Turn the VOICE control to go from smooth and thumpy to gritty and crunchy, while adding a bit of mid range response.I only wish this had a balanced XLR out in addition to the normal 1/4&#34; out. Phantom Power would be nice then also.I would easily use this in a live setting running straight to the board, though a speaker sim afterwards would really top it off nicely and help to smooth out frequency spike here and there.  I have been thinking of trying the Joyo DI wit speaker simulation for this purpose, but I just haven't gotten around to buying it yet.In my opinion you should at least check this thing out, I mean its $40

this pedal is terrific.,,,it is not a pedal to make you sound like an AC-30..the name is somewhat misleading...although you can certainly eq your sound in  that direction....the real treat is the huge variety of boost, tone and gain you can dial in,.,,its mindbending....the gain is superb....not mid heavy like the hideous ibanez tube screamer..,this pedal is an audio swiss army knife...
I love the sound of this pedal.  It's as versatile as can be.  If you want to sound like 5 Dimebag Darrels, then don't buy this pedal.  If you want a nice drive that is responsive, this is for you.  I employ this pedal more than my boss distortions and my electro harmonix distortions/overdrives.  I have noticed the on off light is intermittent, but the pedal still effects the signal either way.  For a pedal that I have stomped on so many times, I'm not even the least bit concerned.  For an inexpensive unit, this thing rules.
I bought this pedal to use in a min rig as an experiment and I love it.  I use the pedal as a preamp going into a PA or poweramp.  The pedal is hyper versatile going from clean to heavy grind.  I use a classic box clean tone with a little bit of bite.  It is quite responsive to the volume knob on the guitar.  I have a VFE Alpha Dog and an MXR Custom Badass OD before the pedal. After the pedal I use an MXR phase and Flanger, VFE Blueprint Delay and then a Byang Triverb.  When all is said and done my tone is phenomenal and no one can tell when I am not going through a more traditional amp rig.  Buy the pedal, it's great!
WOW is all i can really say. It made a good solid state amp (80's Yamaha usa-made combo) sound great and full of nice warm tones. I'm using it into the power amp section via effects loop (bypassing the yamaha preamp) and I couldn't be more happy with the results. This ranks right up there as the best money I ever spent on equipment. A definite upgrade.
This jewel does give a Vox AC tone (depending how its used). For direct recording it does. If used with an amp, maybe. But however you use it, it is sweet.
I'm going this stompbox as I always do, based on the quality of the pedal and what it does - not necessarily whether than tone is "useful" for my particular setup.  Viewed in that objective light, the Joyo JF-13 AC Tone is an excellent pedal for $40 to $45.There are two ways to think of the JF-13 and the other "Tech 21 clones" in this line (California, American, British Sound, etc.).  The first is the obvious one, which is to use it as a stomp box at the end of you signal chain.  This box basically takes your guitar input and any other effects you add and then tries to "clone" a VOX AC30 amplifier into the speaker.  How effectively it does this really depends on your settings and the quality of the amplifier it self.  At the end of the day, if your amplifier (particularly the budget, solid state ones) has certain limitations that you don't like (too bright, not loud enough, too muddy, breaks up too easily...), no pedal (including a $200 boutique one) is going to fully overcome those deficiencies.But the second way to think of the JF-13 is as a preamp, where the output would go directly into a recording device, PA system, computer, or tablet.  I don't have enough experience trying that (though I did a little bit with the Joyo California) to say how well that works, but I've heard great examples of it online.  Also, having the convenience of amp-like controls (with 6 knobs) is certainly very convenient if you like to play/record in that manner.As for the sound of the pedal, it's very good.  I've heard complaints about the pedal being noisy if you turn the gain all the way up, but I wouldn't let that concern you.  That's true of virtually any distortion/overdrive pedal, it can be cleaned up with a noise gate/suppressor, and I think the better use of this pedal is on the low- and mid-gain settings anyway.  The "Drive" knob is like the gain knob on an overdriven tube amp.  It's a very nice tone, responds well to picking, and cleans up well if you reduce guitar volume (which many pedal distortions do not do).  The "Voice" knob is hard to describe.  Basically, it morphs the tone into something deeper and "punchier" as you turn it up.  But that also changes the impact of all your other settings, including drive, EQ, and level.If I had one complaint about this pedal (even compared to the California, also a very cool pedal), I was a little surprised how much this pedal "wants to be dirty".  It's tough for me to envision leaving it on all the time if it overdrives so easily.  But, again, I think part of that is you're basically running through two preamps if you play it through a combo.  Check out some of the YouTube recordings as to how it sounds directly into a speaker or recorder - it could be completely different in that context.  At any rate, it's a very intriguing device at only $40, and I could see finding new uses for it in the future I haven't envisioned yet.UPDATE (April 2013): I actually sold this pedal, instantly regretted it, and then bought it back.  Now that I understand how to use it properly (by bypassing the preamp of my combo amp, through the effects loop), I am able to get some great sounding clean tones out of the pedal.  It really is an excellent value, either as a "foundation pedal" or as an emergency tool for musicians who might end up somewhere they need to plug directly into a PA/Speaker system.  I won't be letting the AC Tone go this time :)

Let me start by saying... I used to work for Line 6, so I know modeling pedals!I have nearly every modeling pedal Line 6 makes,but I was looking to minimize the rig that I take with me to the bistro-size gigs that I play most of the time. In general, all I really want is the Vox AC30 tone and maybe a delay pedal or some other single effect. I use a very small ZT Lunchbox amp for this sort of thing and it's solid state, so you basically get a nice loud straight ahead tone, which is nice, but makes our cover tunes a little less 'authentic' sounding. I heard some sound samples online comparing this pedal to the Tech21 Liverpool pedal and to my ear...there wasn't a $150 difference. Very convincing and just $40! I pair this up with a Line 6 M9 and I can get most any tone I need for Beatles, Tom Petty and all of the 60's 70's tones I need. Love this pedal!
You won't get AC tone from this because your tone is subjective because you are running through another amp head.  but if you are a tone hound and bored with same sound of same amp, this is an excellent product lifting the voice of your Amp.  Sorta like buying a Wah, flanger or other product, this essentially will provide another venue to push out tone.  Problem is is that you won't replicate a Vox sound found on a classic rock album, because what you are producing is a unique sound.  I have yet to try this through a loop.
