I've bought several pairs of these for my guitars and no complaints yet.  They all work flawlessly.  I'll definitely buy more and highly recommend them.  Just like Schaller but Fender branded and cheaper (Asian made).
Tested by the guitar mags to be the best strap lock available.  These are basically the same as Schaller strap locks.  They cost less money and I think the parts are interchangeable.  It is still best to keep them seperated as to their original manufacturer (disclaimer.)  I know that the Fender buttons will work in the Schaller strap portion of the lock.
As a new guitar player I have a lot to learn, and after nearly dropping my guitar twice in about 15 minutes because the strap sliding off the pegs research was needed.  Based on reviews here and other sites I ordered these.  Arrived quickly, extremely easy to install and work as advertised.  Would buy these again if/when I acquire new guitars.
Actually they're not fender, they are Schaller, but that is really good!. Looks great in my Fender Squier. Highly recommended!
Got a vintage instrument you don't ever want to see hitting the floor... well, here are is the long term 100% secure solution!
They seem the same but the original schallers that came with my tele deluxe 2008 are bigger and stronger for the lack of a better word, still a good buy
Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force.We tried to make the Fender/Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.
If you play a lot you have to install these on all your guitars and straps. Easy to use and very secure. No fear of the strap coming loose and having your guitar drop to the floor.
There is a lot to think about with a strap lock... Is it 100% sturdy? 100% reliable? Does the design put undue stress or wear on the guitar? Can it fit in a case, or does it make you take the strap off every time you put your guitar away?The Fender-Schaller design covers all of these bases well. I believe it is 100% sturdy and reliable. Unlike it's Dunlop competition, the stress on the guitar is roughly equivalent to plain strap buttons. It will not fit in all cases, but will fit in many.I've switched over to this design and couldn't be happier with it.NOTE: I advise using a crescent wrench and a socket to tighten the nut. One always wants to avoid over-tightening, but the risk of under-tightening is high without proper leverage. If you don't really tighten the nut down, you are likely to have things fall apart while playing some day.
I bought one of those padded Fender leather straps (it says FS1 CANADIAN leather on the back). I thought these Fender strap locks would complement the strap, but because of the padding the thread on the strap-lock wasn't high enough for the nut to reach. I finally got the nut to get a hold of the top of the thread and although it works I don't trust that its enough. If you have a padded leather strap I don't recommend these.
This straplock set doesn't come with any instructions, that's because it's so easy you don't need them! Took the original screws off my Fender Strat, set the button, screws and felt washer together and quickly screwed it in. Afterwards screwed the lock into myGibson Lightning Bolt Style 2 Inch Safety Guitar Strap, Jet Blackwithout any problem whatsoever and it was ready!It is a quite simple mechanism but it shows that the button and lock won't come loose by accident by any chance. Still haven't given it a real gig test but by hanging it for a couple minutes I can tell I made the right purchase. Way recommended!
This is a very good strap lock system. i put it on my wolfgang guitar and it locked very properly my strap. recommended.
This was a filler item for a much larger order.  I am very interested in the Straplocks, so I decided to give them a try.  I sincerely like the concept.
Easy to install, I used the guitars existing strap button screws.Straplocks came with black & white felt, that's a nice touch. I think black looks better with my guitar.
Look just like Schaler branded parts without the Schaler brand name stamped on them - there is a little Fender logo on the bottom - real cool.These strap locks are the greatest - they work perfectly every time and will survive years of on the road abuse. I have carried an extra set with me in my case in the event that I broke one - but this has never happened.Touring, bar bands, garage bands or bedroom heroes all need these strap locks on every guitar and strap they own. And since the guitar isn't hanging by the hole in the strap the strap lasts years longer.
