Worked out of the package and was cheap. Longevity yet to be seen. It is short but if that is want you need it will do the job. Great match for your bedroom amp.
I much prefer curly cable as they keep the slack up off the floor and help prevent nasty little tumbles and equipment spills due to general clumsiness. These cables are no different. They may not be the nicest looking cables ever, but for this price you can't shake a stick at it.The connectors are injection molded so theres no easy unscrew and re-solder when the time comes, but hey for a budget curly cable I am not complaining. I'll just nip the ends off if I need to replace them later. The cable seems to be of good quality; I'm guessing it's about 24 gauge wire and has a nice bounciness to it. I have not yet noticed any degradation of tone so it's probably fairly well-shielded. With the right-angled jack on one end it ensures a low profile so I don't easily kick the cable out of the pedal and will probably help it last longer with the reduced cable strain on that end. That's more than I thought I had to say about a cheap, but good, cable.
I was afraid poor quality would come with the low price, but I did an AB comparison with one of my expensive oxygen free, yada, cables and I could not tell a difference.  I was playing an American made guitar through an American made tube amp so this was a legit sound test.  I'm sure the plastic on the ends of the plugs will not last as long as a more expensive cable...but who cares...buy a new one!  Love the coil, love the price.
this a great cable for practicing at home. Coiled cables keep things tidy and avoide tangles. This product measures approx. 28" coiled, plug end to plug end. Thus it is pretty short, even when stretched out. For me, it is the perfect length for at-home use, especially when using two (amp --> pedal board --> guitar).not sure why it isnt available for order on Amazon anymore ... I just ordered mine two weeks ago.
I bought this to run from my peddle board to my guitar.Since the peddle board is right in front of me, the coiled nature of the cord keeps me from getting tangled up.What surprised me was how it improved the sound? I hadn't thought that a cable would do this but I've since been told that I'm not the only player that has noticed this phenomena. It's beyond me how this works but I can hear the difference so, I'm changing over to all coiled cords.
I really like this cable! Maybe it's not top quality but it feels solid to me and works just fine. I keep it attached to my little practice amp and play a few feet away. It probably stretches 10-12 feet if you really need it too. What I really like is that it's compact and I don't have cables laying all over the floor.Overall it's a solid cable for practice. I'll buy more.
I bought this cable long with my epiphone les paul special II and the Fender Mini Tone Master thinking that either one did not come with a cable. The epiphone came with a cable which ceased functioning after a couple days. The curly cable has fared much better. No problems, works great and doesn't tangle so it stores easily too.Great as a primary or backup cable. Buy one, it's cheap!
these are great for people when practicing they are cheap and sound good.they are almost as good sounding as monster cables but just a little bit worse. i actually dont use monster cables anymore i like this one more and for the price how can i complain.a tip for people new to guitar, cable that have a angled jack are best for when you sit and play because when you plug a straight one into the guitar jack and you sit you actually bend the wire, and what happens is the wire actually have to be bent in a certain way to work and eventually wont work at all,just like headphone wires.but when you plugged the angled one into the guitar its all good and no problems.
GOOD POINTS: [1] This cable, unlike many other coiled cables I've tried, does NOT add noise when it's moved. I swung it about quite a bit while playing through it, and it made no noise at all. [2] It also has good plugs in that the indentation on the male plug provides a generous gap, making it easy for the female jack to connect to the male end. As a result, the cable does not slip out TOO easily; the connection between jack and plug is quite secure. BAD POINTS: [1] The package it comes in says it's a 20-foot cable. Not even close! Holding it up by one end, with the other end simply dangling (i.e., not plugged into anything), I saw that it measures 3 feet (again, that's when it's not stretched); when not stretched at all, it measures just 3 feet. Of course, this would not result in 20 feet when it's stretched. Sure enough, when I plugged it into an amp, I could COMFORTABLY stretch it to only about 6.5 feet. This might not bother you; it doesn't bother me since I didn't want the extra cable length. But if you need anything like a 20-foot cable, you're going to have to get something else. [2] Finally, a minor point: If you're using this on a guitar with a Strat-style jack, this cable will be a bit---but only a bit---more difficult than most cables to unplug from the guitar, no matter which end you plug into your guitar, because there's not much to grip when unplugging. Of course, if you pull on the cable itself, instead of one of the ends, you'll ruin it in no time. Overall, I am quite happy with this cable and would buy more, since I don't need more than the length it has, and since it makes no noise.
i use this cable to run between my pedal board and amp at rehearsals in a small space.  i use another one to connect the wireless mic receiver to the p.a.  the box says they are 20' and maybe there is 20' of wire but the stretch on them is maybe 5-8'.
