These sound good on my electrics. The best sound I got was on my LP. Good sustain and strings are staying in tune well.
its good but not fitting my requirement, but its extremely recommend it for beginners because it is very easy to play and bend.. but for me as a reggae rhythm guitar its not good and not warm enough and i have one point on the G string specially if you want to lead and solo whenever you start bending you will notice how annoying its because its hard to keep in tune while bending if you used to medium G size
This is my first time using a hybrid mix and ti does take some getting used to but I enjoy the heavier bass sounds it provides while maintain easy to bend higher strings. Installed with no problems, plays pretty well so far. It stays in tune pretty well, it's still the first day and the pitch is holding well.
After using D'Addario strings I've try to Ernie Ball strings. I have ten years ago with Ernie Ball strings and let me tell you that it's the best strings. In comparison with Regular Slinky, this strings have a little heavy powerfull sound for funk, clasical rock and indie sound. I have an Stratocaster and let me tell you that sound balance being hybrid gives much versatility to play different genres.
these strings are different and really quite nice.  the high strings are thinner and thus much easier to play and bend.  the lower strings retain the depth and sound of my usual strings.  I really like them.  only possible difficulty is that high E etc might tend to break a little quicker due to being a thinner string.  I have a bunch of these on hand for my  strat and my Epiphone as well the standard Earnie Balls
I'll try to review the strings and not the instrument but that's kinda hard for me to do. I've been playing guitar since my Dad bought me a $7.00, unknown acoustic 46 years ago. That should make me about 58. He put some brand new humpty duty Black Diamond strings on it which pulled the neck up to where the strings sat around 6" off the fretboard. Well, they weren't very close anyway. The neck had no way to adjust it so imagine learning to play using heavy gauge Black Diamond strings a ways from the fretboard. I didn't know any better so I thought it was normal for the blood dripping off my bent crooked fingertips.Since then I've been through a multitude of guitars and strings. I always wanted a Les Paul but my playing never improved enough to justify $2000.00 - $4000.00. I started reading reviews on the Epiphone Les Paul 100 for $249.00 and they were running from 4.5 - 5 stars. I finally, after much self convincing, bought the ebony through Amazon. I've owned Strats, Telecasters, cheapies, an Alvarez I think. I unpacked it out of the box, did a little tuning and this is absolutely, the most beautiful, sweetest thing I've ever held in my life, (except for the little lady of course). No kidding, I recommend this guitar to anyone even if it cost a couple of grand.Strings: The ones that came on there sounded great. I didn't put it down for a couple of weeks. Sounds great in the bathroom, good acoustics. I finally got the best out of that set of strings. I always use Ernie Ball on everything. They've got a wrench to fit every nut in the house. I saw some Hybrids on Amazon and had never heard of them. I bought a pack of them along with some Super Slinkys, Regular Slinkys, Earthwood Silk & Steels. I put the Hybrids on the new Les Paul. They made it sound even better than it was. Chuck Barry, The Ventures, Clapton, set the LP and Fender amp right and the sound is just as good. The lower strings have a wonderful rich tone, they're fairly heavy but easy on the fingers. The high strings will talk to you. I can bend the g-string easier than a Super Slinky. This is the only guitar I've used them on but they sound great. I imagine I'll stick with them for this machine from now on. Of course Amazon is always 5 stars in my book.
I lke these strings very much. They bend quite a bit and are very easy to use. However, they tend to come untuned because they're so susceptible to temperature and humidity.
Alright strings. Nothing too spectacular about them.  I'm a fan of beefier lows and thinner highs but at the end of the day they're still slinks.
I bought these to beef up the bottom end of a Telecaster that came from the factory with a set of Fender 9's that topped out at .042 on the low E, which is just too small for good twangy bass.  I've been using them for a few months now and haven't broken one even though I can bend the high E to touch the D string.  I use D'Addarios on my other guitars but tried these Ernie Balls just for the hybrid mix and there isn't a whole lot of difference.  D'Addario sells a similar set called EXL125 so maybe I'll try those next but for now these are good.
I've always used Ernie Ball strings. I've tried others &  always go back to Ernie Balls. They sound & feel great.  Bend 'em!
the only strings I get are Ernie Ball strings. Really reliable, great sound, got no complaints here really. Ernie Ball knows how to do strings
