Nice cables.  So far I've not had any problems with them, but haven't put them through a lot of use just yet.  Also have the Monster audio cables that work just as well, but cost more!  I'll have to see over time which brand out lasts the other.
Have to try them more and with other amps. By now, they work really good and no interference where detected..at least by my ears =/What I like is that they last a lot!! these are the second planet waves cables that I own and the first ones are still in great conditions!!
this cable is perfect! great sound quality and durability. I will not buy any other cable except planet waves! best bang for the buck for any working musician hands down, yes there are cheaper cables ,,but they don't sound as good or last as long, Planet Waves is the way to go
I have many Planet Waves cables. They are all very well made.  I like the molded ends that seem to help prevent shorts. An excellent value. I would highly recommend.
I bought this to replace a cord I was using to practice my guitar. My first cheap cord wasn't actually broken, but I didn't want any down time, so I had this just sitting there as a replacement. Fast forward some time, and I just wanted to try it out. Even though my cheap cord was still working fine, I really wanted to just try out the new cord.I really wish I had done that in the first 30 days. This cord did not work right at all. It seems like there is a short in it somewhere. I had to unplug/plug/ maneuver into place. Of course since it is for guitar, it falls almost immediately out of place again. So, I am back to the cheap cord that hasn't failed, unlike this brand new bad cable.
Look no further...You will not be let down by the build quality of these cables nor by the sound quality. I have a Monster M ROCK-12 cable. Put up against these, I fail to distinguish the difference in sound. The only difference? Price. These cables are the ONLY cable I will ever use from now on. Go ahead, buy them. You will love them.
I love this cable. They last for ever and NEVER cause buzz or noise. These are the only ones I buy now.
Probably the best single thing this cable has going for it is the Lifetime Warranty.I have owned Planet Waves cables in the past and twice I have sent them back for replacement...no problems whatsoever.For the price you are paying (about $1 dollar per foot) you get good quality cable, good cores and shielding with heavy duty retention at the jack connector ends.Not the best, but not the worst. Good enough for live stage gigging and probably won't notice much difference if you are recording.I haven't noticed any RF hum or noise when moving about with these cables.They also come with a set of colored bands so you can easily identify which cable goes to where, cable owner, etc.Affordable price and lifetime warranty make this a "feel good" purchase.I would recommend these cables and will buy again.
As other reviewers have noted, the ends are too short and dont allow the cable to "click" into the jack of your guitar or amp. Easily remedied by cutting back the rubber by about 1/8" then the cable is fine.Other than that I like the cable construction and the large sized ends.
You can't beat these beefy thick cords for the price however some do have a flaw, On some pedals and guitars they pop out cause the length of the metal shaft is too short so it doesn't click into the jack. measured the length and they are short by about 1mm or so.I go a razor blade and carefully trimmed some of the rubber insulation and that took care of the problem. Minor but annoying detail when the cord pops out of your guitar!
Super low capacitance- on par with or better than many of the more expensive cables from Mogami, Canare, etc. The connectors are fantastic and they come with Planet Waves' super-handy elastic cord wrap. These are outstanding guitar cables at a VERY good price. I used to only buy cables with serviceable connectors, but with these, I don't see the point. The lifetime exchange warranty also makes the DIY repair thing kind of pointless too (of course Amazon's return policy is still 30 days, so be aware of that- you'd need to mail it back to the MFR or take it to another dealer to exchange - that is if you ever had to).
been using these cables for three months now. I use them with aZoom G1N Guitar Multi Effects Pedaland they sound great. decided to get this one over the cheaper ones because after doing a little online research I found out that these are suppuosed to take abuse and hold their own better over time. they have a good lenght, of course this being taken in consideration what type of venues you'll be playing. so far I've only used them in rehearsal studios but will be using them live for the first time in a couple of halloween gig I've got coming up the end of the month.
The Planet Waves instrument cables have a nice heft to them and click firmly into the amp/instrument.I have had no problems with them at all.The attached elastic tie down that comes with these custom cables makes it easy to coil the cables for storage.5 stars.
I have to start off by saying this cable does not produce the same sound quality of my Mogami Gold cables.  If you are recording and are going to meticulous about your sound, this might not be the cable for you.HOWEVER, for the price and purpose this a five star cable.  The plastic plug ends relieve stress on the connection, but also feel sturdy and secure.  The gold plating ensures a solid connection.What I like most about this cable is that it's guaranteed for life and I can bring it to a Planet Waves authorized dealer for a replacement... or so their packaging claims.  I have not had to replace mine.
These cables are very high quality, they feel hefty and durable.  I wish I'd gotten one longer than 5 feet though since I can only play close to my amp with two five footers.  Oh, well.
I've been using this one for about a year now, with no problems. I really like the durability and clear sound quality.
First off, I'm a big fan of D'Addario strings and their Planet Waves division.  So when I needed a quality cable with a right angle plug, I got one of theirs.  I don't really know if it's better than other brands or not.  But it does the job and it's well made.
I was using the standard version of these, I saw these at Amazon and figured I'd give them a try.These cables are a little more stiff than the standard cables I was using however the ends seem much more well belt.Doesn't make a difference in the sound? I don't know but I am satisfied with this purchase.
