It's rubber and you can slip it under the strings and into the sound hole...with a little effort. It might even be over &#34;engineered&#34;, it fits so well.
This product did not fit my Takamine G, as the hole is 3/4 size.  I had to buy from Lute Hole, who then customized a part for me.  Beware, because you'd figure this item would fit inside any guitar out there, given the advertising.  Even the guy at Guitar Center, when I called to find out what was going on, told me to go with Lute Hole.  I never had a use for such an item before very recently, but, upon necessity, I found out that this item is bound to damage your guitar, even if it does fit.  Be very, very careful.  In fact, be very, very wary, as I briefly heard a light "cracking" noise when I tried to fit it in the guitar for the very first time.  I stopped, thereafter, after doing research online and finding out about the G's specs.  I've read, elsewhere, that it kills your tone, but I had been willing to try to utilize it in tandem with my actual coloring rig.  Ultimately, I spent nearly $100 more than I wanted to, just for this kind of item.  What is it they say in this era - caveat emptor?
I am finally feedback free!  I use this on my 310 Taylor with a K&K; Pure pickup system.I play mostly in a church worship team, and am usually right in front of a monitor.This blocks the tones entering my guitar via the soundhole.I don't get a huge loss of tone, but a little bit.I will take that over having to worry about moving around and getting feedback like crazy!Highly recommend.
Lifesaver.  I bought this and a Planet Wave's O-Port (which advertises that it can help reduce feedback as well) I use this at every show where I have to plug-in.  This is a must for anyone who plugs in and doesn't want to worry about feedback.
This cover does not fit a full size acoustic/electric Hohner guitar.  I measured the whole at 3 7/8&#34;, but this cover does not even come close to fitting!  It measures 4 1/6&#34; in diameter, so check your guitar closely!
Works as advertised. Eliminates feedback as far as my experience is concerned. A little tight. It needs some force to put it into place. Not sure if there's no standard among guitar makers on the size of the sound hole and Planet Waves just did their best guess on a universal fit product. But on my Washburn it needs a little bit of convincing to get there.
It works well, I use it for my Oscar Schmidt. I don't use it for feedback, I use it to protect it from the dust. It fits tight but it's fine!
it barely did anything but i guess thats because im the one playing the guitar, if you were in another room im am sure that it would make a difference
Works as advertised. Great at eliminating feedback in a live setting. Also great for just muffling the sound for playing around the house quietly.
I am impressed how well this works. I was always fighting against feedback during practices and live gigs. This has solved it!It's important to you to know the diameter of your guitar's soundhole. I've tried this with 2 different acoustic electric guitars (Fender CD-60 and Fender Kingman), both of them with 10cm/4in diameter and fits perfectly.I had read all reviews before deciding purchase, and i found people complaining that this is not a good unplugged sound filtering. I should tell you that they are right since this was not made for that. Even when this should affect your guitar lowering you normal sound (unplugged), I would not consider this as a solution for it.If you are having feedback issues due your acoustic electric guitar, without hesitation this one is for you.
It's good. Was having a lot of feedback and got tired of taping a make shift sound hole cover. Recommended.
It is good, only thing I did not get was that it has the wire attaching it to the cardboard going through the feedback buster thing. so there are two minuscule holes on there not enough you can see but still bother me a little. Gets the job done.
Fits great and helps to eliminate feedback. I could see some having problems with the size of their sound holes and it can be a tight fit but it definitely works.
Doesn't reduce sound worth a darn.  I thought plugging the sound hole would muffle things.  Muddies it up a bit maybe, but not really a reduction in dB.
This soundhole cover is one of those products that belongs on the list of essentials for an acoustic guitar player, right up there with a tuner, string winder/cutter, cleaning cloth, pack of extra picks, and capo. It's designed to eliminate feedback when plugged into a sound system, which it does nicely. It's also great for sealing up the body of your guitar if you want to dry it out or dampen it quickly (as in 2 nights like that in a case).
This is a good product which I've seen many people use... however, it's not for all acoustic guitars.  That little bit of info was missing from the info, although I should have known.  In my case, my guitar's sound hole is too small for this unit to be installed, even though it's supposedly &#34;tapered&#34; to fit a lot of different sound hole dimensions.  Didn't look tapered to me, and I can't use it.  But then again, it was pretty cheap, and I may have a use for it some day.  Check your guitar's sound hole diameter before ordering.
Fits perfectly in sound hole.No more feedback or waking up the next room.No plastic smell either.Play an Ibanez acoustic electric.
Works well, easy to install and take out.  Helps greatly to control acoustic feedback. I've looked at these for a while, glad I purchased it
gets the job done. I would say it muffles too much though.  my arm feels like it went to the gym after a jam session
