Only reason i gave it four stars is it is advertised to lean back and mine does not. but it sounds great as ampeg always has, heavy duty built perfect for house jamming and practice amp.
I bought this amp for practicing my bass at home.  I really liked the sound.  It was crisp and clear, just like I expected from an Ampeg.It looked great and felt solid.Then after two weeks it developed an annoying metallic rattle inside the case.  The rattle just got worse, louder as I played.  It was very annoying.  I didn't feel comfortable opening up a new amp and trying to trouble shoot it myself. I had visions of voiding the warranty and being stuck with an amp I couldn't play.I was sad returning the Ampeg, great sound for the price, but I was soured on Ampeg, perhaps unfairly from a sample of 1. I replaced it with a Fender Bronco which has an Ampeg emulation setting so my bass world is back in balance.Admittedly since the Fender Bronco was more than twice as expensive as the Ampeg, I have thought that I could have just taken the money I spent on the Fender Bronco and bought a more expensive Ampeg, on the guess that a more expensive Ampeg would have a better design or materials or quality control.  But a guess is just a guess and I didn't want to test that guess by throwing more money at Ampeg, so the Fender Bronco got my money.My rating of 3 stars is an average of 5 stars for quality of sound, and a 1 star for quality of production.
For those looking for a solid, well made bass amp to step up to from the cheapies that usually come with beginner bass set ups, this is a hard one to beat. It has 25 watts, a line out for outputting to a PA system or bass cabinet, and an effects loop for adding effects pedals. The design is solid, well made and will go the distance. This is my second one, the first one went two years with zero problems, and I beat it up nearly every day gigging at small venues and just plain abusing it....it took it well. Highly recommended!
beyond stoked! bought so i could teach my son bass...i cant believe how much sound comes out of this box. ampeg will always build my bass rigs, however big or small
It might just be my pickups or my strings, but if you set the bass above seven or so, the bass gets fairly fizzy on the E string. The effects loop is useless, and it removes a lot of the character from the pedals, but that's good news because with this amp you don't need an effects loop because there is no built in overdrive. So if you ever do use a driven/distorted tone, you should just put a pedal in between your bass and this amp.
I was really looking forward to receiving this amp. I read the positive reviews and the Ampeg name carries some weight. Unfortunately, from the moment I plugged it in there was this phaser-like effect to the sound. I tried different basses with it. I tried different cables with it. I tried using it in different places, away from computers and fluorescent lights. I tried all different combinations of all of those things and still the spacey phase-shifter sound came out. I tried all different knob and EQ settings as well. Nothing helped. So, I'm returning it and hoping I just got a bad egg and that the next one will be better. I used to work for an amp manufacturer so I know these things happen and I don't think less of Ampeg, (at least not yet).I really hope it's a better amp because the amp itself looks wonderful. For $99 it's packed with cool features like an effects send, a CD in, a Line out for hooking up to a PA and a headphone out for quiet practice. It also just looks cool and very pro. My intention is to use this for a monthly "bistro" gig where the volume is low and the area is pretty small, so this seems absolutely perfect if I get one that performs like all the other reviews I see here.I have to say, buying from Amazon is the ONLY way to buy these things online. They immediately started the process of shipping me a new one as soon as I filled out the return UPS label. If there is a choice between Amazon.com and other vendors, and even if Amazon is a couple bucks more, I recommend using Amazon. The customer service is so easy and immediate it's worth the piece of mind.I'll update this review when I get the new amp later this week.I upgraded my review based on the replacement I received...see below...
