These cables work perfect for connecting my mixer to my amp.  Not too long, not too short.  Just what I needed.
it works, got on time.  I am happy
It connected well in the nady smps-x1 phantom power unit I bought! I'll update how I hook it up! Check!
I use these cables to go from the balanced outputs of my digital piano (I have a pro model with XLR outs) to the inputs of studio monitors or audio interfaces.  Works every time.  Balanced signal is so much better...no more issues with ground loops or other problems.  Just clear as a bell.They were cheap and the build quality is fine.
What makes a good cable?  One that works.  I've had these XLR cables fail because the pins get loose, so I hope this doesn't happen to this one.
I needed a cable to go from my mic to the floor, just to plug in a delay effect (our PA doesn't have an effects loop).This is just what the doctor ordered.I just toss it in my gig bag with my vocal effects pedal and run the regular XLR from the pedal to the PA and I'm in business.[...]
Not much to say about a XLR cable.It works.Average quality..does the job. No problems. Good price, came quickly through PRIME.
Needed a 6ft cable for home recording at my desk, all the other long ones would have made a mess under my feet, good thing there was this shorty. Nice cord, sturdy build, good sound. Electrons go through it and don't leak out so it's perfect i guess.
It's working ok, not for hard useI just use it on my PC table for karaoke online.with phantom mic it's well done.
I originally bought several of these cables to use between our DMX light fixtures. The day they arrived I happened to need a six foot cord on my live mic stand so I tried one of these. The cable is soft and flexible and I could not tell any difference in sound from the custom cable I had been using (that's a good thing, my other cable was very expensive).The connectors are not gold plated but it's an inexpensive cable, it's not pretending to be anything other than a decent low-cost XLR two-conductor shielded cable. It's working for me, I'll be buying more for our studio.
Good quality, well made. Its a simple cable, what can be said. It was a good deal, did the job.
I use it with home recording and it is great for my needs. I recommend this to anyone who records at home.
Often, we get what we pay for. After researching various pieces of sound equipment for weeks and weeks, I chose solid items for reasonable prices.I should've known better to skimp on what is a critical piece of the puzzle - the quality of the cable. This item simply didn't ever work - it arrived with a bent pen on one end, and even when we attempted to straighten it, it didn't connect well onto the mixer board. The microphone end was a VERY shaky connection with the most intermittent power conveyed to the mic.Don't buy this item - spend the relatively small extra amount and get a more reliable brand.
These cables seem to be quality-made.  I purchased them to go with my two microphones (also in the same Amazon order).I have yet to try them with my microphone.
Got this because I thought the length would be enough.  It was, but I wanted more mobility so went to the longer length.  Had no problems with this cable though.  Works great!
I use this soft flexible cable between my 48 volt phantom PS, and the mic connector to my system because it need not be long to do its job. No audible hum detected when using this mic cord, either. Feels solid, and will probably last for many years to come.
