I had the Behringer DR 600 (Ultra Reverb), but was unhappy with its tone and limited selection of reverb sounds. Although this unit is only $10 more, the difference in sound and tone may as well be $100 difference in quality of sound. That is, this one really sounds super once you adjust it to your own preferences. It may not have every reverb sound, but it has a nice selection, and they cover an impressive range, as well as giving you the option of &#34;wet&#34; (full) or &#34;dry&#34; (tinny) sounds and a &#34;trails&#34; that essentially adds some sustain. There's also an &#34;echo&#34; setting, but it's not very pronounced, though it does add an &#34;echo-like&#34; sound.So, my complaints are not with the quality of the machine or the range of effects or their qualities.There are a couple of annoying inconveniences. One is the BRIGHT blue light (indicating &#34;on&#34;). This has been commented on before. I have an array of pedals and this one is as bright as all the others combined. When it's on, you can't read the dials because of the glare in your eyes. I did find a solution. I put dark nail polish over the LED bulb. I had to put it on and wait for it to dry and reapply several times to get the dimming I desired.The second annoyance is that the name of the pedal is in black letters against a dark blue pedal color. This is impossible to read in stage (or even dim room) lighting. Of course, you can &#34;remember&#34; where it is or which one it is, but my other Behringer pedals all have white lettering, making them much easier to read. Every B. pedal has its own distinctive color, so that helps. My solution to this little dilemma was to buy some 1/4&#34; white vinyl letters from Office Depot and put them over the words &#34;REVERB&#34; on the pedal.It was annoying to have to make these cosmetic changes, but now I'm much happier with the pedal and can enjoy its sound instead of focusing on these minor irritations.
This inexpensive pedal kicks ass, provides everything from subtle spring reverb to VAST cathedral-like reverb. The 'Space' setting is unique in that it adds an interesting modulated overtone a couple octaves above the sounded note, providing a strange harmony. Some people pick on Behreinger because they're stuff is (still) cheap. I admit that two of their pedals (of the 10 that I have bought) underwhelmed me. This one is a keeper!
Works well, has many options of reverb and tweaks on all the options.  I would recommend this pedal for an inexpensive reverb.
I bought this pedal to enhance the reverb sound of my amp. It work very well. There are different settings for intensity and reverb sounds. Nice addition for the price. Uses a 9V battery or power supply.
Some things are great values, others are cheap. The Behringer is cheap. The clips are cheap. The clip that holds the 9V broke after the first change. The clip that holds the pedal is also cheap plastic. IF you get stuck using batteries, plan on 3-4 hours worth of use. It's also a noisy pedal. Like noisier than my Dyna Comp and OD pedals combined. Like you will not record with this pedal in your chain unless you want a mountain of noise. If you leave it plugged into your cables, even when powered down, it will eat your batteries.All of those negatives aside, you are paying less than $40 for a Reverb pedal that has several usable features. The 63' spring is great, the plate is also really good. It also has a worth-the-price-alone "space" feature. Also known as shimmer (a synth playing behind your instrument). Paired with a chorus effect, you can get some really cool tones.The RV600 is not without merit, but it is a bargain effect pedal and it has some fun to use features. If you gig or record and need a reverb...well...you aren't even looking at this pedal. If you play at home and have a low watt amp that doesn't have a reverb built in, this is a good option.
The reason I bought this pedal was for the &#34;Space&#34; setting, which is essentially a shimmering organ, octave up effect. On the shortest time it is still slightly off with tracking, and it can get crowded with chords, but it does sound ethereal and choir-y.Features:Time controls the delay time between the dry and wet signals, decay controls the length of the reverberations, tone controls the color of the reverb, and mix controls the level of wet to dry (it can basically cut all the dry signal if desired).The trails feature can hold a reverb sound until it decays even with the switch off; however, if your mix is set to max wet signal, no sound will come through if enable and the pedal is off. I haven't really been able to use it effectively, so I just leave trails off.Dual ins and outs are useful for plugging in another instrument.Sounds:The classic reverb sounds (spring, plate, room, chamber) aren't very distinct from one another. The hall setting is bit more expansive; the ducking is nice for a continual shift from note to note, removing excess reverb for the latest notes/chords played. The cave and tile are a bit different timbre than the other reverb sounds; and the echo setting acts like a short regular digital delay.Cons:*The blue led is VERY bright, as on all Behringer pedals; I just cover it up with a sticker, and it still shows through.*the foot switch is digital, so it doesn't preserve state, and doesn't have the best assuring &#34;click&#34;*because it is buffered bypass, the effect will continue to draw power from a battery if a cable is plugged into it, even when off*the battery is difficult to get to because you have to press in on both sides of the switch, and then lift upAlso, almost 50% of the pedals weight is the bottom metal plate, which can be removed, but that makes the pedal almost toy-like in weight.
Up date from February 08 2011 Wow look at all of Them that did Not find My review helpful I should have up dated much sooner,Not that I care because I tell the truth and do good to please Myself Not a bunch of fools. The first time I turned It on It was exactly the Sound I was looking for Shimmer and Space verb.Okay I Am apologizing for ordering the last one I guess I take the easiest way of ordering but If It makes You feel better It put Me farther In financial problems but If You look on some search there are some still left. Behringer needs to look at what The Customers Is buying and make more of them. If Your buying this Reverb Machine then You must be wanting It for Its Ducking also called Shimmer and Space verb If Not then there are cheaper Reverbs as Danelectro as FAB Echo which Is a nice Sounding older type slap reverbs Sound and there Is the more expensive Line 6 Verbzilla, and Someone wrote Me and said Boss has or did have this effect there are Internet videos showing this effect. My Digitech GSP 2101 quit working right It has Ducking Shimmer which Digitech calls String Swell which Is a Violin type Sound and They call Space verb Giga verb and I made the mistake of buying the Behringer Slow Motion 200 thinking String or Volume Swell was Shimmer then If found what I was looking for on Internet video I hope. I had already Wrote some Songs using My Digitech GSP 2101 and started having dreams about having this Sound effect again and just had to have It.How well this Behringer RV600 performs and Sounds I have Not received It yet to know but If possible I will do an up date but I have a Behringer EP2500 Power Amplifier that still works good which I even used as part of a Rife, Doug coil machine but the EP4000 would be better for that use Also the fan runs all the time.
Bought Verbzilla, Digitech RV-7, and the verbzilla's ripoff : Behringer RV600.The types of reverb i get from Verbzilla is very insignificant to be used for my synths .. so for that many kind of modes, barely useful. And I HATE the fact that line 6 always used the MIX knob instead of the separated level and reverb/fx level, cos you have to sacrifice your volume to get an extreme reverb, which is sucks.Then i tried the digitech rv-7. First thought was .. Wow, what a construction it's got there. Fancy knobs, and additional stuffs like thick rubberized knobs cover, velcro, glow in the dark sticker. And the fact that it has the lexicon soul in it. I love this one better than the verbzilla, cos you don't have to sacrifice the volume to get a heavy reverb.. but the problem was .. there's no heavy reverb there. I couldn't get a ridiculous amount of reverb out of this pedal. But I love the gated reverb feature among all modes. Every other modes are just nothing special really. It was just a light reverb i get.Aaaand finally i tried this blue thick plastic pedal .. skeptical at first, and i can see that it has also the mix knob like verbzilla has I was a little disappointed. But I really can sense my juno 60 and my moog sings differently on each modes with this one. And I'm very happy that the mix and the decay could go ridiculous without having volume loss as much as the verbzilla does. It could be painful for guitar players, cos they cannot boost up your guitar volume without anything else if it's already full, but I could always gain the volume of my synth to balance it with the mix knob (since i never put the volume knob on the synth at full). I could sense the difference of each modes with this pedal and it's hell loads of them.Let me tell you the ugly truth about those 3 pedals that i've tried.. they are ALL battery hogs! It was ridiculous .. i mean bad bad ridiculous that it was only lasted about 5-10 mins of nonstop use of battery before it's dried up. So I suggest you to use the power adapter. And the only thing i hate about RV600 is the way that we have to put back the battery cover to it's place cos we have to put the spring back to it's track while closing it slowly, and that black plastic latch on the side doesn't feel it could last longI don't care what ppl said about this pedal, but it's been very useful for me and my synthesizers, we don't need to get an expensive gears as long as we can make great sounds. It's all comes back to our ability to make good music. Good luck guys!
