I use this all the time for testing audio cables and it works great! It's got an all metal housing and seems sturdy too. Battery lasts for months. Well done Behringer!
Solidly built, small tester that can easily be carried around in a gig bag.  There isn't really much in the way of instructions, but the LEDs are fairly well labeled and straight forward enough to figure it out.
If you are in a band or a sound guy for a band you gotta have one of these. The time and stress saved by not depending on trial and error to eliminate good/bad cable is priceless. Bottom line!!! eliminate a variable and audio problems are faster and easier to solve.
A must have in every gig bag for checking all your cables.  I keep this with my battery tester for my active's.  Sure eliminates a lot of guess work at this first hint of audio trouble.  Easy to use and economical product.
If you'd ever been setting up on stage and discover hum or hiss this box is for you. It will find a bad or intermittent calbe in a heart beat. It will locate a shorted XLR or an open ground fast. Don't go onto the stage without one on these boxes.
We bought this tester for our son to use for his band's equipment set-up. It appears to be well constructed, and should help to diagnose problems with cables as they work through equipment connection issues.
I have been using this tester for about a year to test out my XLR cables and those that I come into contact with at work. It works but does not detect all faults (only non intermittent ones), it comes in a durable enough housing and is compact enough to take everywhere.
Does a great job of checking cords. Was able to eliminate a lot of bad cords from my stash. Tests multiple types of cords also!
I picked up this Behringer CT100 cable tester because it takes the guesswork out of maintaining a cable collection. The unit does its job very well and it helped me find several bad cables that I previously thought were ok. It is well built and sturdy. The bottom of the tester has sharp metal corners and screws that could damage a wooden table. I suggest you get some adhesive rubber pads to support the underside.Although the machine itself is good, the accompanying documentation is awful. It presupposes a working knowledge with audio equipment that many users may lack. For example, it does not include illustrations of how the LCD readout should look when a cable is good or bad. I had to go to an audio engineering forum to find a diagram. As it turns out, the Behringer CT100 is an inexpensive knockoff of the Morley Swizz Army cable tester. The manual for the Morley unit is available online and it has diagrams that make the testing easier to understand.
This thing will test most all the cables a musician will use ... rugged, reliable and simple to understand ... for the price, it is hard to beat ...
Idiot-proof, compact, extremely sturdy. All metal enclosure with good quality jacks, simple to understand LED readouts. Runs on 2 AA batteries.Features that set this apart from the slightly cheaperPyle-Pro PCT10are:-'Test tone' function which sends a known volume signal down the line. Very helpful in level adjustments down long chains of equipment.-'Intermittent' issue indication - This is what made me choose this model. If there's even the shortest dropout, the LEDs indicate it. Intermittent issues are the most annoying and can be difficult to troubleshoot.My only complaints:-The a small screw holding the battery cover on stripped immediately when initially inserting batteries. It was like carving a bar of soap with a knife. Quite frustrating. Used my Dremel to change it from phillips into a slotted screw, and managed to get it out.-There's an included belt clip that attaches with two screws on the back. This clip blocks access to the battery compartment, which is ridiculous. Luckily I have no need for the clip. I used one of the screws intended for the clip as a replacement to the stripped battery cover screw.-No rubber feet on the bottom + metal enclosure + battery cover screw = sliding around and marring whatever it sits on. I stuck some re-purposed rubber feet on the bottom.After the few 'problem solving' situations mentioned above, this thing is a 5 star product. Too bad they couldn't go the extra step to make it 5 star out of the box.
