Second time buying the 6 pack - great deal for the price. I love having the colored cables makes set up so easy. I also like the XLR connectors on these, haven't had one go bad yet.
These cables are very good quality. I like the different colors for organizational purposes on stage. They are good quality, and very durable.
These cables are great in microphone or DI-box applications.  They are clean of any electrical noise.  Having color coded cables are also good too.
very durable and flexible if you are looking for something nice and "strong" get this cables.
For me the combination of color coding and high quality cables make this a great value.It's the cable construction that drew me to these in the first place. The insulators are tough and do not easily nick when being dragged around on rough stages. However, it's the attention to small construction details that I love. The XLR ends are quality components, but cheap, ill fitting junk that some companies use to keep costs down. And unlike those cheap ones these will mate and disengage smoothly.Another factor is the strain reliefs at each end. Those keep the conductors from fraying or breaking inside the cable, which will often occur at cable ends on cables without them.Of course the color coding is a godsend. I can now tell at a glance what is connected to what, both live and in my home studio. I have not experienced any extraneous noise using these, but I am careful to eliminate sources or route around them. Still, these are as good as any other cables I have purchased.I'll also admit that price initially entered into my buying decision. I was frankly concerned that at the price point these would turn out to be junk. Not the case. I can happily say that sometimes you really do get more than you pay for.
I own a JamHub Greenroom system for use in a rehearsal space. This cable set colour coordinates perfectly with the JamHub colour coding system!The cables are of a pretty good quality, with solid connectors and well constructed. The cable itself is a bit 'rubbery' and not 'slinky' like some of the higher grade microphone cables, but so far they have held up fine. The cables add no noise or colouration to the signal and the colour coding makes life in the rehearsal space so much easier.
What more can I say? GLS makes a great product for musicians on a budget! These cables are solidly made, affordable, and really easy to differentiate on a mixer. I have become a fan of GLS!
We have used them for three shows and a bunch of practices. Sounds great, looks great, the cable tie straps are nice and the connectors fit into the microphone nice and tight. Even fixed another bands vox mic connector, his sure cable was loose in the connector, this cable was tight. Has worked on...SM57, Nady Starpower, AKG 5800s, MXL 990, Marshall and Mark bass amps, and every one had a nice tight clean connection on the XLR's and on the numerous mixers. And yes COLOR RULES!
These cables have been solid; we use them in the studio every single day, and have held up so well compared to many others I've ordered for less.Yes, $70 on cables seems like a boring way to spend that money, but don't be fooled: nothing makes you looks stupider during a recording session than a blown cable. Not only do these hold up and sound great, I've found that when working with a complicated studio setup, I'm always surprised how helpful the color-coding actually ends up being. For the price, this is totally worth it.I use these with the following to really color code my studio setup:Color windscreens:GLS Audio Mic Windscreens MicrophoneColor electrical tape:B004ZZVHGWColor patch cables:B003VYBNHGDefinitely worth it! Makes a huge difference!
Picked up this set of cords for a gig I had at a large hotel event.  There were 3 audio systems going at the same time running across the front of two stages.  We had 48 channels  running from the stages to the back where we had a splitter send the inputs into my board, the video mix board, and then the house mix board. I had returns A-E for my subwoofer, 3 monitor mixes and a stereo main mix.  I used a different color cable for each function. I had a second set for DI boxes to the guitars, bass and keyboards.  All of the cables worked perfectly! The video mix guy asked me where I got the cables from so he could get a set for himself. These cords made it super easy to see where my bands stuff was plugged into so at the end of the night we made short work of the cable tear down.Already had 2 sets, so I ordered one more set for my studio, so I can find connections that much easier!Great set of cables!
I can't believe I never thought of buying colored cables before. I often move all my microphones from one drum set to another depending on what I'm recording and now I don't have to use masking tape and write what each microphone is for, I can just look at the color and I'm all set.
I've purchased a couple of of the blue 25 foot mic cords from this seller before - same as these.  I've had them for well over a year used in live music at least 5 times a month.  They've been stepped on, and treated pretty rough.  They are still supple and easy to wind up.  In contrast; I have other mic cords from a different manufacturer and the set screws have fallen out, they are stiffer and just haven't held up as well.  Having the multicolor cords makes it a lot easier to see which channel on the mixer is connected to which mic.  Very inexpensive yet reliable cord.  Highly recommended.
