This is a great mixer if you are looking to do simple podcasting or solo music production at home. It's a great little unit. The only set back is that you can not use Condenser mics with this, without an external phantom power supply, as there is NO phantom power on this unit. You need to get the 802 model if you need phantom power, otherwise this will work fine with regular XLR or Hi-Z microphones.
This little mixer is handy to have around for small headphone mixes and such, but don't expect it to last forever as is typical with Behringer products. At least it's cheap though!  I just wish it had a power switch...
(This review is legit)I bought this mixer back in august or september, cant really remember, but i had a horrible experience with this unit, but that's my fault, i bought this mixer without looking at reviews or anything, so i didnt know how to use it.I hooked this up to my desktop through the pink microphone input, and got a horrible, terrible mix, the hiss from the fan ruined it (i nearly had a panic attack), so i took like 9 months to do research, and found out that behringer made the uca202/uca222 for this unit and the 802 mixer, to remove the hiss and unwanted noise.So buy this with the uca202/uca222 to clear up your recordings, do not buy a "rca to 3.5mm cable" if your using this for a studio setting like me, and if your beginning like me, do not let these wealthy people fool you, you dont need thousand dollar equiptment, the podcaststudio usb (from behringer) would be fine.So all in all, with my cheap microphone from radio shack and this mixer, the quality was good, but the hiss ruined it!!!!! Use a usb audio interface with this from behringer, do it, if you want 5 star audio quality! Their website has asio drivers to assist you, ohhh and go on YouTube and search up "uca202 studio", you'll get videos to help.Please, please, please, please do research before you buy anything! Good day everyone! ;D
I have two Behringer mixers and both exceed my expectations.  Small yet clean and versatile.  Great for gigging remote events.  A great value for the money.
I used this one time so far w/my fishman stick and it served the purpose just fine. am looking forward to using it in the future
I had read lots of reviews about Behringer, some people had buzz and noises, etc but this is not my case. I'm not a professional and I just wanted a good mixer to connect my guitar/pedal, my tascam DR-03, my mobile as sometimes I use the Tascam to record, the mobile to reproduce and my guitar to follow.This mixer works great, NO noise, NO buzz, NO nothing but working as expected. Great product for entry level and great price for what you get.
For the multi guitar owners, I think this is great.All I was looking for, something to patch guitars to amp without drastic tone/volume changes.Set up single coil, and another line humbucker, or p90 guitar and have the same volumes. Excellent... And space saver.  Sure there's a lot more options, but not likely ill use, just to make guitar switching easy good deal.
Needed a mixer and figured it was worth the risk to try this inexpensive mixer.  It is limited in what it can do but it does the job.  I'm rapidly becoming a behringer fan.  The three points mentioned in another rating (Inputs should be out the back, needs rubber feet, and the led) are spot on.  I'd also like to see another set of outputs on it as well.  It could also use being a tad bigger, they jammed everything into such a small area the knobs are a little close together.  The LED for the power on this thing is so bright it's obnoxious, it almost blinds you.  Other than that its a great and affordable little mixer that does everything they advertise...
I bought this mixer in order to combine my bass guitar with an mp3 player for silent practice at home. Bass into one channel, iPod into another, headphones out.It works!  There are other solutions to this dilemma.  Pocket-sized headphone amps, and so on.  But they're a) more expensive and b) kind of junky and c) come equipped with built-in effects and amp models which I do not want.  YMMV.)So what's the Behringer XENYX 502 like in this use scenario?1. The blue power light is blinding.  First thing I did was put some masking tape on it so that it didn't prevent me from seeing the knobs on the board.2. Speaking of those knobs, they seem a little rickety.  Be careful jamming this into a gig bag repeatedly.  I worry that the knobs won't stand up to that kind of treatment for long.3.  There's no on/off switch, so you'll wind up pulling the power out of the back of the unit when it's not in use.  Strange for this particular usage scenario.Overall, I think this unit is a great value for the money.
