For keeping your guitar picks where you can quickly grab them the Dunlop mic stand pick holder is EXTREMELY efficient and useful ESPECIALLY when performing live.Always great products and always dependable.I also own the guitar maintenance kits and the capo.Not one product has let me down yet.My capo is 8 years old.
As I mentioned in the title, this simply snaps to the stand and holds picks. Enough said. It does its job and does it ok for my taste.
I love these pick holders.  They're easy to get on and off.  They hold a nice amount of picks.  And you get that rock-star feel (throw picks at the audience).  A must for any gigging guitarist.
Holds my picks in place  nicely... snaps on 2 microphone stand firmly...  Never come up short again...  Its just a nice accessory to have and cheap too
I have the small version. But for the price of this version is more useful for a few dollars more. I used in all my concerts and its excellent! 100% recommended!
Fits nicely on my mic stand and hold a butt load of picks. It is quite tight on my picks, but I imagine it will loosen slightly as it gets used.
I drop my pics on purpose now just so I can use it more often! It does what it's supposed to do, what else can I say.
I bought this thing not thinking I would use it too much, but wanted it for future use, I was wrong, no more misplacing picks for me. Highly recommended, also fits on my guitar stand, very cool.
There isn't much to say about this product, except it works as advertised.  If you don't have one of these and you are a live performer, I highly recommend you pony up the few dollars and pick one up (pun intended).
I tend to drop picks from time to time and it's nice to have them at the ready when the time arises.This was a basket filler when I needed to get to $25 for my free shipping one day but I find it very useful and use it every time I play.Don't know why I waited so long to get one..
Works really well! This is very convenient for when your on stage and are switching to fingering style or something. You can just drop the pick in your hands and pick a new one up when ready.
This pick holder is awesome. It just snaps on to your mic stand...add 6 picks and start rockin'! It holds the picks securely so if you're performing outdoors the wind wont blow them away.
The mic stand pick holder is a great way to keep picks available while playing.  I switch between playing guitar and bass so I often change the gauge of the pick I am using.  This pick holder is a great way to have the picks available if you change picks often. The holder snaps firmly to the arm of the mic stand and does not slide around the arm. It holds the picks firmly, there is no chance they will fall out of the holder.
I put it on the boom of my mic stand. Tight on some, not on others. I need to put a shim on it for some stands to keep the picks in place.
