theres the snark for clipons, the blackout or boss tu-2 for pedals, or a rack option. my pre-amp unit has a tuner but i love these for tuning off stage or something. got at least 3 of these around, i can use this for bass or guitar (i tune to low drop f and it even picks it up on bass)
The tuner is great  -  seems very accurate and senses all the notes with ease. my only complaint is the little kickstand on the back, doesn't hold it at an angle that i find very usable.  otherwise? a fine product that i expect to last for years. korg makes great tuners. i also have a pitchblack and a pitchblack plus. if any of the three of them were to ever be lost or stolen, i'd replace them in a heartbeat with exactly the same models.
I don't use the other features, but as a tuner, this product is spot on.  Filters out noise well when using the mic.  Only two things to gripe with - 1.  The leg that you can use to prop this up isn't very usable. and 2. It's not great for gig use as the screen isn't that readable.As a home tuner or for a brightly-lit gig - excellent!
Works well.  It can detect tones from the electric input or acoustically.  I find myself using it a lot.  Even as I learn the notes on the guitar fret-board.  If I guess incorrectly it reminds me of the note.  I also use it to intonate my guitar.  It has some other advanced features, but I haven't need them.  Display is nice and large even though I still need my reading glasses to see the note.
It is always a delight nowadays when any electronic device is still functional after such a long time.  From 2006 when I bought it, till 2013 when I write this, still going strong, very happy with my purchase.  Alas, my experience says newer devices being sold are rarely as good as when they first come out, but you never know, it may still be as good as ever now.For what it's worth, I am a professional musician with perfect pitch.
I have had this tuner for about half a year and frankly, I have had enough.The main problem with this tuner is the usability.The tuner has a poor display, is extremely finicky and it does not display the octave of the key.Tuning with it can be condensed into one word - frustrating.The needle is very finicky and jumps all over when ever I pick the strings, especially so when the guitar is much out of tune.The poor display is dark, with no build-in light, and has poor visibility at angles too. Combine all that you have a terrible, accurate tuner.Yes, it is accurate but only as accurate as what the graph can display, which is +/-2 cents.Enough said, I bought a new tuner, the Seiko SAT800, for a bit more money that this.The main differences between SAT800 and the CA-40:SAT800 has a build-in light, CA-40 does not.CA-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, SAT800 does not.SAT800 has a auto and manual mode, CA-40 has auto.SAT800 displays the octave of the note, e.g. 1E, 2E, etc, CA-40 displays only displays the alphabet, E for all oactaves.SAT800 has a numerical display for the cents off, CA-40 does not.The needle graph on the Seiko is much more stable and it is just way more usable overall.I wholly recommend you do not purchase this tuner. I was fooled into buying it by the other reviewers on Amazon and I hope you would not be.
used for my guitars also great for adjusting intonation on a guitar...used on open tunings and bass as well as my Mandilin... ...
What happened to all the Korg tuners that had LED lights on it? Don't get me wrong this tuner works great and makes tuning to E flat much easier than on a non Chromatic tuner but that's ALL I use it for. I prefer my older tuners that light up, This screen is really dim and there's not a back light. My guitar room isn't super bright and it's very difficult to read.Guess that's why the price is so cheap.
I sent this to my grown daughter for her birthday and she has been very pleased with the product. I have three tuners myself and I find the Korg to be portable, easy to use and easy to read. Battery life appears to be adequate. Oh, and not to forget...accurate. Shipping was faster than advertised. A "thumbs up for this one". Amazon comes through again on price and product.
My only criticism is that for the size of the screen the readout is reallysmall and a bit hard for an old blind man like myself to see.
I've owned several inexpensive Korg lcd tuners over the years. Like all of the others, this one is excellent, reliable and durable. I keep this one on my bass guitar gig bag to tune up before and during gigs.
This tuner works fine for the flute and clarinet however for things that use the input jack it doesn't really work. As soon as I insert any cord into the jack it automaticly goes to a very low B flat and stays there... Even if the guitar and bass are not on the other end. At first I thought it was my cord however after four cords doing this, I also tried other tuners with the same cords and they worked fine. So again works good on the sound input but poorly with cord input.
