Case  arrived in great condition.Quite Roomy, fits my Vendetta AND/Or my Les Paul - Two exterior pockets for tools, extras, etc.2x Thicker padding than the Epiphone gig bag I got for the LP, but all these have to do is protect and keep dust away - I'm not hauling them to shows...Get One.
Nice bag with great features. It is slightly large for a Telecaster or Stratocaster but works fine for either.I actually swapped another bag, putting a Les Paul Jr in this one and a Tele in the Gibson bag as theGibson bag was a really tight fit for the LP JR. headstock.
I am deployed to middle east and beat my guitars up pretty good.  I have 3 World Tour bags to keep my axes safe!  Nice padding, nice features.
This is a great gig bag for the money. It has more padding than I thought it would have, has very strong construction, and plenty of places to store stuff like sheet music and cables. The carry handle and shoulder straps are well padded and comfortable to use as well. It's even reasonably water proof, handling the light rain shower well with zero leaks. For the money, this is the best one I've bought on Amazon, and will certainly buy it again in the future. Highly recommended!
I have an ESP guitar with a slanted headstock that had a hard time fitting into the gig bag that the music store threw in when I got the guitar. After buying a line-6 pocket pod and some good studio headphones there was simply no room left in that old bag.Found this bag and liked the fact that it has so many front pockets and it really looked like it would fit all of my gear, cables, etc. I originally put it on my wish list because I will admit, you don't always want to spend your own money on stuff like this but my wife ended up surprising me with this and it was a great surprise.My guitar fits perfectly. It used to be a struggle getting my guitar in the old gig bag and zipping it shut. As mentioned, the curved headstock makes the guitar taller and the old gig bag always had the pointed tip of the headstock poking out of it because it just would not close.But this big closes all the way and it does have so much more padding than my previous bag. And the pockets - OH THE POCKETS! They fit ALL of my gear. I have my guitar cable, a set of full size sennheiser headphones, a line 6 pocket pod, all the allen wrenches, a tuner, and my tremelo neatly organized in all the separate pockets. And there is room for more if I need it!The bag does smell a little funky the first few days but it didn't stink up the house like some reviewers mentioned. Just open it up and let it air out in a part of the house where it won't bother anyone and it's fine after a day or two.One last thing about this bag is that it has a handle right up near the headstock. I did not know this but wow I had no idea how useful that could be. I tend to carry my guitar, in bag, up and down stairs a lot and being able to hold it in two places is extremely useful. Then you have the backpack handles as an option as well. I really cannot recommend this bag enough. I do agree with the other user who said the log on it is a little kiddie like, but I don't really care, the bag is too perfect for me to be bothered by that, and while the padding is great, I would not recommend this bag for checking your bag for air travel. It would be fine if you use it as a carry on but would not protect much in checked baggage, in case you want it for that kind of thing. I don't travel long distances with my guitar but if I did, I would use a hard case only for that as I have seen too many horror stories of smashed guitars on airlines lately.Hope that helps anyone out there looking for a gig bag with tons of room for your gear!
This bag is well padded, has backpack straps to carry comfortable, and several pockets to hold cable, extra strings, picks, and much, much more. For the price, I feel like it is a steal. Some people complain about the smell. It kind of smells like motor oil. It is strange, but being I have been around that smell so much, it doesn't bother me. Be warned about it though.
Got this for an SG-style guitar, and it fits with plenty of room.  This is a better quality bag than an &#34;average&#34; bag, but with a couple of comments:1.  It smells like an industrial rubber factory upon opening.2.  The large, main zipper is easy to close but somewhat difficult to unzip.  Surprised me because it's a large-toothed zipper.3.  Construction seems to be pretty good.  This is not a hard case, but to get a guitar from point A to B, it works just fine.4.  Padding is sufficiently thick.  It's not a paper thin bag, but it's not thick enough that the guitar would survive a drop.Would I get another one?  Probably, as long as the use was long term storage or to travel small distances.  Otherwise, I'd get a soft sided hard case (the new wave of Styrofoam cases) or a regular old hard sided case.
I have seven of these that I use on my Ibanez AM73's, but they are perfect for anyAM series guitars (like the 93).The bag is well padded, and not to expensive.It seems it is always on back order which tells me they are very popular.The dimensions are: 41"L, 14"W at Bout, and 3" Deep. It has two large zippers; the head zipper goes all the wayaround, and the bout zipper stops before entering the bottom area which is the ONLY draw back to thisgig bag, as with ALL deeper guitars, you want the bottom (bout) zipper to at least complete the bottom areato make placing and removing easier.This is the best gig bag I have found in the last few years for the smaller bout guitars that does not cost too much.
This is a great bag, regardless of cost. The fact that it sells for less than $20 makes it an absolutely fantastic deal. (Free shipping only makes it that much better.) Unlike some other reviewers, I have not noticed any objectionable smell. I will attest to the fact that it is very well constructed. The fabric itself is a heavy cordura material, the zippers and pulls are heavy duty too, and the padding is stiff and thick enough to afford your (solid body) guitar some very substantial protection. (I would estimate the padding, which is entirely concealed within the cordura, to be approximately three-quarters of an inch thick.) In addition to the main carry handle at the side, there is another in back, at the top, as well a pair of backpack-style straps, so finding a convenient means of carrying your guitar shouldn't be any kind of an issue. The two zippered accessory pouches (for picks, a spare set of strings, and perhaps some music) are also a nice touch. In my opinion, this bag could easily sell for twice the price and still be considered a bargain. As it is, it's very cheap insurance for my Epi Les Paul II.
This quality bag would probably cost more like $35+ at your local music store. Appears well made, has good padding and several pockets for strings, picks, cable, whatever. Taking one star off for the slightly bothersome smell (also mentioned by other reviewers). Not terrible, but somehow chemical. Hope it goes away soon.
