I have always loved Hercules products. Their mic stands and guitar stands. They are great quality and very handy, especially this one, for performances where 3 guitars are used.
Sturdily holds three guitars. Fits everything from my bass, to the acoustic or electrics, to the mandolin/ukulele, to the harmonicas in the case.Folds up for transport. Pretty adjustable too.I bought this after buying two of the single guitar stands from Hercules. I also have the trombone and sax/clarinet stand from them. All A+ at reasonable prices.
Apparently one can never have too many guitars, and with this stand you can keep three of them ready for immediate access.  Very stable.  The auto-locking heads rock!  Folds-up pretty compact for travel.  The optional carry bag is a must IMHO.
A real workhorse for sure.  Not too heavy but still very robust and reliable when you are holding up expensive guitars.  I also have the 6 guitar one which is incredibly big ... almost too big but still easy to use once you get the hang of it.
I've had this stand for about 5 years and have used it on stage for the last 3 years pretty steady.  The first thing that broke was the piece that keeps that upper shaft from pulling all the way out of the base when you extend it - the disclaimer here is that it was very cold and I immediately extended it to the maximum point always letting it hit the collar to stop it. It's plastic; Plastic and cold don't mix - The retainer piece broke and went flying and I was standing there with my guitar stand in two pieces right before a gig.  I managed to get it back together but now I have to be very careful when extending the neck. The other part that I've been having problems with is the upper collar that mounts to the top of the stand and holds the guitar necks.  It has come up completely off and I must continually tighten that hex screw to prevent the top from falling off.  I won't mark this stand less then 4 stars even with those issues because it really is a great stand.  Another person noted to pay attention to your guitar dimensions, which is very good advice.  Long bass guitars end up resting on the bottom leg of the tripod.
This is my 2nd Hercules Stand. Great stand for managing multiple guitars. Does not fair well when stored in non cooled area. The handle gets real sticky and causes problems. I have a friend who also experienced the same problem. So keep it stored in climate controlled area and it is a great stand.
Just got my stand today... the QUICKEST delivery EVER with the Super Savings free shipping selected that I have ever experienced!  Go go, Amazon!  lulz  Anyhoo, I have two banjos and a mandolin that I purchased this for.  I looked about for quite a bit at various sites, reviews, prices, etc, and pretty much Hercules got the best reviews everywhere (although admittedly I hadn't really wanted to shell out over 50 dollars).  Yet this tri-stand really looked good with a solid general review, and I am rather tight for space overall (think trailer home size).  I wanted a way to hold my instruments in one place without having to work around gig-bags or hard cases taking up limited 'living space'. As it stands (figuratively and literally), the Hercules Tri-Stand does the job excellently with the two banjos.  All three instruments are varying heights, the resonator bluegrass banjo being the longest, and (naturally) the mandolin being the shortest, with a open back clawhammer banjo in the middle.The three 'back-rest' fold outs are static, attached to a center ring, and you "can" adjust them independently a *little up and down*, but not to compensate for such a length difference between a bluegrass banjo and a mandolin.  However, the mandolin is a really lite thing, so I suspect it will be fine just hanging there by the peg head without a 'back-rest' as long as the stand isn't jostled around.  In my own case, aside from two rather lazy cats and pending no sudden hip-smash-oops by me, that shouldn't be an issue.  And of course, considering I am looking at a possible third banjo, the mandolin may just go live in its case after all...Now a word about open back banjos, if you are considering this stand... First off, no, I was not going to rest the coordinator rod against the 'back-rest' (just seems like a bad idea).  What I ended up doing was adjusting the 'back-rests' so the resonator of the bluegrass banjo rested about an inch up from the bottom, allowing the open back to rest on the other side ON TOP of the rest, along the lip of the banjo rim, at the edge of the rest foam where it begins to curve out and down. The tail-piece nut is in between the two foam pads without touching a thing.  Seems pretty solid in this position while still engaging the weight clamps up at the top.I give it 5 stars mainly based on the excellent quality of the stand and the fact that it is the ONLY three instrument stand worth any kind of hoot I have been able to find.  Its not the absolute perfect thing for my own application (would need the three 'back-rests' to be independently adjustable in height for that), but overall I am extremely pleased with it.
If you are like me and truly value your (usually) expensive prized instruments, then you want to make sure nothing happens to them, accidentally or otherwise. The Hercules stands are much much more stable than all the rest. They have a better base design, and even when the stand inevitably gets bumped there is no wobbling, no worries - just make sure you lower it all the way, as it is designed to be.These things are awesome. Also, everything fits so perfectly on Hercules stands. All of the other tri-stands lean your instruments in toward the top too much and cause the headstocks to bang together. Not here, plenty of room for everything now. This stand (and the double version which I also own) lets your gear hang down perfectly straight and protects it all with those very thickly padded stops you see near the base in the picture. Also, the hanging gravity grasp around the neck is so sweet. With all other stands I am always worried that my guitar will slide off, or if it gets bumped that it could fall out. This mechanism holds it tight until you want it, and releases it very easily and naturally for you, but will not let it go while it's just sitting there. Check these things out, you will not be disappointed.Also, as for durability, I have used and abused my Hercules stand for years, tossing it around my car to play at different places. It's been tossed, dropped, setup and stowed many times and it still looks and works just like it did when I first bought it. It doesn't even have any obvious visible scratches on it (it came with a bag but I discarded it and never used it). Meanwhile, I had gone thru dozens of regular cheapo stands over the years before I bought the Herc. I will only every buy Herc stands from now on.
