Works very well although I wish it had wider strapping or a choice of purchasing with a wider strap. Don't hesitate to purchase.
I didn't like the arm through one part and your head through the other so I cut it apart and just hang my uke from my neck and the top of the sound hole. Works like a charm......is more easily adjusted and the felt lined sound hole clip has not damaged my uke at all.
Ukulele straps are a rare thing and I've yet to find the perfect one.  This one gets close.  Not all uke players use straps, some do and some don't.  Purists say not to use one and that using one makes you look lazy or inexperienced.  However I have two acoustic-electric ukes and they are heavier than the non-electrified ones the purists use.  I've found that using a strap on my electric ukes helps with right arm fatigue from clutching the thing.  A preamp and battery adds a surprising amount of weight percentage wise to a uke when compared to a guitar.  This Neotech strap frees me up to worry about my strumming and fingering techniques more and dropping the instrument less.There is another device called a Uke Leash that also works well.  It ties onto the headstock. I like this Neotech better because even though the instrument isn't balanced perfectly, it is balanced better than with the Uke Leash.  The Uke Leash is easier to get on and off my body so it has some advantage over the Neotech Simple Sling.This Neotech Simple Sling soundhole clip strap works on my Concert and Tenor ukes equally well, but I have to adjust it some when switching it between the two.The wide clip is felt lined and it does not scratch the instrument.  I don't know how long this felt lasts but it seems well attached.  This strap should work fine on any number of various stringed instruments.You have to use reasonable care with a soundhole clip strap on a ukulele or you can damage the top by jerking down on the instrument.  The clip on the Neotech Sling is wider than most I've seen and this extra width reduces, but does not completely eliminate, that risk. The wider clip spreads the stress out.  I've seen other soundhole clip straps with much narrower clips and I'm afraid to try them on a ukulele.  I like this one with the wide clip and will keep it.The Uke Leash type strap that ties on the headstock still requires full right arm pressure to hold the instrument in place, so I like this Neotech soundhole clip device better.The only thing I don't like about it is putting it on is a little clumsy when compared to a traditional guitar strap.  But once on it is great!  You look a little dorky slipping your arm into it and then over your head and you can't do it with a hat on.  It gets easier the more you do it.I'd buy the Neotech Simple Sling again.  I recommend it to electric ukelele players who want to use a strap but don't want to drill holes for strap buttons on their ukes.  Just put it on in private because you look dorky putting it on.
I bought a classical guitar and then realized that I needed on of the around the neck with a sound hole hook type straps.  Bought one and due to past neck surgery, found that strap painful to wear after a few minutes.  Later saw this one and decided to try it.  Works perfect, really adjustable, and no pressure on my neck (since it doesn't go around your neck).  Great design!
but works well,  I have a different brand which has a string and small hook but I find when adjusted correctly I cannot remove it,,  this sling keeps the head loop large so you can get it off without a binch of hassle,, I find the hook to be wide though and could be alot better with a thinner hook.
Very nice classical guitar strap. I have used this style of strap for over forty years with traditional style classicals that do not have strap buttons.  Don't expect it to work like a strap on a standard acoustic or electric guitar. This is designed to only hold the guitar in position while you are playing it. It will not hold the guitar if your hands are not on it. This is the way this type of strap is made to work, and is certainly not a design flaw as some reviewers have suggested. Holds my Cordoba in position perfectly.
I wan't sure I would like this thing when I ordered it, but it was cheap enough to try.  I don't like using it as much as I thought I would, but that's just me.  The device works as advertised.  Over a long period of use, I think it might leave a mark on the sound hole, even though the hook is padded.
