This pedal is solidly built, and works as advertised.  If you're using it strictly as a volume pedal, it does the job nicely.The only problem with it is when you use it as an expression pedal -- it has no polarity switch for expression output.Plugged into some gear as an expression pedal (my Digitech RP55, for example), the down position is muted and the up position is full volume (the opposite of where it should be), and wah effects are backwards as well.  There's no way to correct this without making your own crossover cable (which requires destroying a perfectly good patch cable).
I got this pedal recently.  All in all, it's a pretty nice device, expecially for the price.  Seems solid and well-made.  It has a nice big pedal for big feet.  It works smoothly.  I have found no drawbacks to the operation or quality of this pedal.  My only gripe, is that the power for the pedal is either by an internal 9V battery, or a 12V plug in power supply.  Why the difference?  The really bad part (for me) is that I bought this to install in a newly-purchased Behringer pedal board, which comes with a 9V power supply.  So, in order for me to use this pedal in the board, I will have to run two different power supplies, or run the pedal on battery and everything else off of the pedalboard's power supply.  [Behringer...this was not thought out very well.]  I'm now in the process of making myself an voltage adapter, but finding all the right parts has proven so far to be a hassle.  Bottom line:  the pedal itself is great, but the power supply thing could be a frustration to you.One final note about Behringer...they seem to get bad marks now and then.  I really don't understand why.  I have two Behringer amps, two of their stomp boxes, the above-mentioned pedal board, and the volume pedal just discussed.  I really like all of them.  I have never had any problem with any of these items.  They perform well, are well made, and certainly, all came at a reasonable price.  Behringer's full range of products is so extensive, that I see little reason to buy any other brand.  I'm sticking with them.
The pedal itself works perfectly fine. Using it as a foot pedal controller on my Korg Triton LE.IT SQUEAKS. Needs some WD-40 :)
Great foot switch that is easy to use. I figured out that the whole body lifts up to expose the battery compartment. Wish they had put that in some instructions. If it's there I missed it.
Pedal is not working, it just making noise. Poor quality control.Actually it looks like used pedal, not like new.Don't recommend this product.
The power supply which is not included is a funky size, it does seem to work with a standard pedal power supply but I wouldn't recommend it only because it is not the proper size.  The guy that was using this was using it with a Fender Telecaster, and a single 12&#34; tube amp.  He found that the volume was cut by ~ 15-20% even with the pedal turned all the way up.  Any time a pedal allows for volume loss , it tends to effect tone & yes, Mr. Sound Engineer, &#34;tone&#34; is a real thing!The pedal is pretty bulky and won't fit well in most pedal boards, but it's not any more wide than the Morley, but it seems to be taller, longer, and heavier.I gave it 3 stars because, &#34;It's Okay&#34;, but it is far from great, and I would not buy this product again.  I understand the price is cheap, and if this is all you can afford, then go for it, but if you have the extra cheese, spread it.
All I gotta say about  this product is that I get a volume/tone loss when it's plugged; that is a very big problem for me. Other than that is very well built, but the fact that it decreases my volume is a major issue for me.
This is a good pedal overall, rare to see a stereo pedal at this price so I took the chance and I'm pleased. As some have said, the low range has quite a steep slope to it, uncomfortable foot angle. But it's a big pedal, and the pivot seems to be at just the right spot so I can go to lower ranges with my toes because the action is smooth. I wish the TS jacks were top/bottom instead of side by side, seems it would take 1/4 right angle connectors better. One gets in the way of the other. Or even better if it were a TRS jack so you'd only need one input. I might modify it for that.
In our acoustic guitar band, I often play intros and solos heavily amped, but when the rest of the band members come in, my strumming overpowers the rest.  So I needed a way to throttle back to either nothing or slightly amplified in between intros and solos then apply full power as needed.  This volume control foot pedal works exactly as described.  Also, I had an extra 12 volt Netgear router wall wart that saves battery life during practice (I use the battery during gigs).  Despite some comments I've seen, the battery is extremely easy to change - no problem at all!  The device does reduce some of the signal going to my amp; hence only 4 stars.
Used this foot pedal for a and so far I've had know problems. Replaced the battery only once. Good product for a inexpensive foot pedal.
I share another reviewer's opinion about this pedal not being comfortable at certain treadle angles.  However, because there is very little output in those lower positions, I don't find it to be an issue.  In fact I rarely feel the need to use the full travel of the treadle when doing volume swells.  I thought it a bit strange that this thing specifies a 12 volt AC adapter yet can be powered by a 9 volt battery.  So... I decided to see if I would have any issues if I used my One-Spot AC adapter on it - polarity corrected, of course.  It worked just fine.  I usually power my looper with the same adapter so I built a splitter cable with labeled, polarity specific terminations and everything worked fine.  My curiosity didn't end there though.  I wanted to know if there would be any discernible difference if I used a 12 volt power supply.  I did it and the only difference I could find was that the power indicator LED was just a wee bit dimmer using the 9 volt adapter.  There was no change in the sonics whatsoever, nor was there a reduction in output volume that I could hear.  So what's up with the 12 volt adapter spec, Behringer?  Did you think you could fool all of us out here?  I give it four stars because even though you don't have to use the pedal's full sweep, it just not very comfortable in those lower positions.  I'll probably get used to it eventually.
The travel would be tolerable for a sitting position..., but I stand in front of a mic on stage.  The pedal generates  a lot of &#34;noise&#34; so I can't use it.  You get what you pay for.  King Vox and Dunlop High Gain, both passive, have passed the test, and I'm pretty picky!
I was a bit skeptical on purchasing this pedal based on some of the reviews here, however most of the problems seemed related to using it as a volume pedal as opposed to an expression pedal. I only wanted this so that I could pair it with my RE-20 to control the intensity, and in that aspect, I can confirm that it works/pairs flawlessly. My only complaint is that the pedal seems to be extremely sensitive. For example; I tested using it as an expression pedal to control the filter of a VST synthesizer, and it was recognized and mapped without issue, but rocking the pedal ever-so-slightly would cause erratic movement on the filter. This is the same behavior that I have when connected to the RE-20, in that the slightest pedal movement will make the intensity or repeat rate to jump in a fashion that's anything but gradual. It's not the end of the world, but I was hoping that the movement would have been a bit more precise.
I purchased this as an extra CV controller for a Digitech Control 2. When I got it, I tried it out as a volume pedal just for kicks and YES it does suck the tone right out of the signal. As far as a CV controler? it sucks at that too! Why? it squeaks as you move it (after 5 minutes use, right out of the box). Behringer is a joke and gives German engineering a bad name (although only 'conceived' in Germany).It's a direct copy of the Yamaha FC9 and so I am about to purchase one of those and see how it compares. I'm betting the extra 45 dollars will be well worth it.Also, you may say "who cares if it squeaks a little"? well I do when I am controlling volume swells or a 'wah' effect at low volume in the studio!Good luck if you buy it.
