A friend showed up at our monthly guitar club meeting with this and I loved having an on/off switch right at my fingertips. Genius!I bought 2 immediately. The shorter one goes from my guitar to the pedal board and the longer one from the pedal board to the amp. Works like a charm and no excuse now for damaging amps or ears.Two issues to consider. The right angle plug was a mm or 2 short of being able to stick into my Tele and my Takamine. It would not seat properly and would slide out. I had to turn the cord around and use the right angle on the pedal board side, where it worked, but now the switch is &#34;down there&#34;. I don't think Planet Waves is the first connector that I had a problem with that so I dont blame them, but maybe stick with the straight jack if you are not sure. Second issue is simply that these little button-switches are fussy. You have to make sure you have it in the right position by looking at them - feel wont do. (If you see the white edge they are &#34;quiet&#34;)
This is my third circuit breaker cable. I play in church and no one wants to here the "POP" if I have to leave the sanctuary. Why three: 10foot, 15foot, and 20foot depending on the setup for the group - I hate cable jump rope. I really like the right angle connector makes it fit no matter what guitar stand I use.
I love this cable. It is perfect for making guitar changes without noise. The cable itself does not seem quite as good quality as my other Planet Waves cables but it is still better than most others. The switch is easy to use.
So far I am a very satisfied customer with this cable.  For what is worth, while I have used these cables before, this is the first one I have ever owned, so I am no expert.
A nice concept that actually works, The cable is very nice, too with an adequate gauge. Try it out for yourself!
Update: The right angle switched end started developing crackling issues and is now intermittently cutting out. I've had it just over a month, so Amazon won't help me. Despite the lifetime warranty, Amazon has only offered to let me pay shipping and to give me a partial refund. Despite being an "authorized retailer" for Planet Waves, AMAZON DOES NOT OFFER EXCHANGE UNDER THE PLANET WAVES WARRANTY beyond the standard Amazon 30 day return policy. Amazon support referred me to the manufacturer. I've emailed Planet Waves, but the instructions for the warranty are to return it to a dealer for exchange. I don't have a dealer within 100 miles of my home, so unless the manufacturer comes through, this one is quickly becoming unusable and it looks like it might cost me to resolve it.I frequently switch instruments and this makes it easy to do quietly. I've used cables with the G&H; quiet plug (which also works well), but the switched connector on this has an advantage over the G&H-; you can use it as a mute and tune with a head stock tuner without unplugging your instrument. The cable itself is a bit stiffer than I'm used to, which makes coiling for storage very easy, but it can quickly become a twisted mess on stage if you more length than you really need. The little elastic cord keeper strap works better than I could ever have imagined. I've never given the sound of a cable a thought, being a bass player who doesn't use much for effects and who plays mostly passive instruments. But using this with my Genz Benz Shuttlemax 9.2 and fEARful 15/6/1 cab, I really notice a pronounced difference in clarity and dynamics. The sound is much more alive with this over any of the other cables I have from a variety of manufacturers (Hosa, Proco, Whirlwind, etc). I've never had to warranty exchange a PW cable, but others tout the easy swap at any PW dealer as a great reason to buy them. I like knowing that. ** EDIT: AS STATED ABOVE, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO EXCHANGE IT THROUGH AMAZON BEYOND 30 DAYS **
Wow, these cables are made really sturdy. And the noiseless feature is priceless. Definitely a real good value for the money.
30 feet of cable for what I paid for a 10 footer from my local guitar shop.I highly recommend!
A long time Planet Waves user I trusted that the circuit breaker cable would be up to their usual high standards... IMHO it is not.The plugs are great but do not seem to have good cable grip. I like their old cables that had a long cable protector extending from the plug allowing the cable to flow gracefully from the guitar (and into the amp at the other end). The actual cable is horrible.... it is a hard plastic outer shell and does not lie or flex well like a good cable should (e.g. like my old Planet Waves cables do). They claim that the shielding is excellent but I find it to be mediocre. Very disappointing purchase.
I'd chose this cable cause I own an older one with the angle plug and needed another longer cable with the straight end. I like the idea that you can cut the power  and remove the cable from the instrument with having  mute the amp or mixer. I recommend this product to anyone who likes the ability to disconnect without doing anything else.
