cheaper and as good as if they were original Gibson, fit well and look well, tune well everything, get them!
I bought a set of these to upgrade my Kona K1ETRD, a vast improvement over the old ones, now it stays in tune better and they're very smooth, looks nice too!
They are grovers.  They keep your guitar in tune with an iron fist lock.  I like the vintage look of these and they go great with my Gibson custom SG.  I have grovers on all but 1 of my guitars.
The low-E tuner on my 1985 LP Standard broke about a week ago - the back came off and the tuning handle popped out. I never liked the ones that were on it but I didn't want to drop the $$$ unless I needed to. I came across these Grovers. They had good reviews and the price was right.Took me about 30 minutes to replace all the tuners and re-string the guitar. The tuners fit perfectly with no modification whatsoever. They also feel more sturdy than the ones I just replaced. It's hard to say if they keep a tune better at this point as I haven't had them on for long enough - they *seem* better, though, as the B string with the old tuners used to always go flat quickly.I decided to use the old screws instead of the new ones that shipped with these Grovers - they fit better (i.e. tighter). Nothing wrong with the new screws, I just like my stuff to be snug. :)I like them and glad I purchased them - so far.
I installed these on my 2000-ish Epiphone Les Paul.  They provide a VERY noticeable upgrade and provide a true vintage look.  I can tune with much finer precision, and they hold that tuning with even the nastiest of bending.  The ability to accurately tune and keep that tuning allows to play and sound better.  I should note that I had to drill new holes or, more precisely, enlarge the holes on my guitar.  I used a 3/8 drill bit and just went very slowly and carefully.  I'm sure the idea of drilling your guitar might sound scary, but it was actually quite easy.  Now they are in there nice and snug since I made the holes a bit tight.
