I payed the $11 for this just because the tuner I have was so slow to respond I needed something new.  The response time on this is like half a second and it's super simple to use.  Keep in mind that the Snark website sells this tuner for $40 so 1/4 the cost here is definitely worth it.
This is the best tuner I've used in over a decade of playing various instruments. The design is well conceived for guitar players and the results are spot on.  Overall ease of tuning and ability to do so in a noisy environment are well worth the $14 I paid.I like the ability to change the overall tuning to different standards [e.g. Baroque or NY Philharmonic] and the included metronome is also nice to have. Perhaps the most useful feature is that this unit will tune any note; guitar players can spot check a fretted tone and other musicians can tune to C or another preferred note that some guitar tuners do not have.Mine broke where the arm connects to the back of the main unit. There is a ball and socket joint and two of the socket flanges broke. Glue and a rubber band now holds it together. I mention this so that you won't put yours in a tight exterior pocket on a gig bag or otherwise smash it into a broken state.
I own a red, blue, and now a black one. This one is the best yet. Very easy to read.
This isn't a terrible tuner, and for how cheap it was, it wasn't a "ripoff". However, it definetly does not work as the product or other people claim. When it does work, it tunes decently like any ten dollar tuner. However almost all of the time it's fluttering around to completely different notes or just not reading a single thing. I try clipping it on different parts of the instrument and it's the same. It also did not come with batteries, and replacement ones aren't cheap and are very hard to find. I don't think this is a terrible product due to the low price, but if you want to be taken seriously and take your own music seriously, get a real desktop tuner. A cheapo one is only 5 bucks more and you can find REAL, full sized, affordable batteries for it...
we have to many musical instruments and this is amazing little tuner. I used it even on bass guitar and it works flawlessly.
Ive used this on Guitars acoustic and electric, Ukuleles, Banjos, Banjo Ukeleles, Violins, and mandolins.  no issues... well except that sometimes it rattles (quietly), it doesn't effect how it works but i hate a rattling guitar.  That Just means i take it off most of the time after i tune.  That's not a bad thing as it keeps me from playing out with the Tuner clipped to the guitar the whole time, and I hate how that looks anyway.  I love the little thing.  My only complaint is that (like all other clip on tuners that i've had) it wont turn itself off if i leave it on accidentally, and will then wear out the battery.
Having to send the first Snark SN-8 back, but the replacement, thus far, has been flawless.I made a slight adjustment to my guitar's truss rod and now the intonation is pretty spot on.A couple tips to tuning a guitar: tune it like you play it. If you strum & play softly, then pluck & tune each string softly.However, most people don't play softly, so they make the mistake that almost everyone makes: they pluck each string and wait like 15 seconds till the ringing fades out, & so they are generally tuning each string as it begins "softly" resonating.So, in essence, what happens is people are generally tuning each string flat.To tune your guitar correctly, you really ought to pluck each string hard, like every 2 seconds and tune it that way - rather than waiting for the sound to fade out. If you do it this way, you might be surprised at how good it sounds when you're strumming the living daylight out of it!Also, please check your intonation. Your 12th frets should be in tune same as your open strings. You pluck your open string (hard) & tune as described above. Then you check intonation by pressing VERY LIGHTLY (with JUST the TIP of your FINGER and DON'T TOUCH ANY OTHER PART of the NECK), on the same string, but 12th fret - and BOTH should be in tune the EXACT same.If they are off (12TH & open), then your intonation is probably in need of adjustment. Please don't pay someone to setup your guitar! You can do it yourself so easily. Go on u toob and search "scott grove tuning your guitar wrong" and u will find a video of a guy that claims to have owned over 3,000 guitars - & he spends almost an hour explaining all the details. Also, watch his video on how to setup: adjust intonation, truss rod, action, etc.Btw, if you can't get your Snark to tune your guitar: hint - it's not the tuner's fault. The first 3 saddles (e, b, g) should look like a staircase going down. Then, your next 3 strings (d,  a, e) should also look like another staircase going down. If not, break out your philips head & tweak your intonation.
I love this little tuner.  It's better than the unit that was bundled with my guitar, and as accurate (and easier to use) than the one on my VOX Tonelab ST.I'm planning on getting at least one more to keep in the guitar case.
I really love this little tuner, I just keep it on the headstock of my guitar when playing & just touch up tuning if needed. Best tunerI have owned for the price.R. Joyner
This is the new and improved Snark. The display is much more readable and after several months of use display is still bright. I found with other models that the display faded and was not renewed even with a new a battery. The only downside to this one is that the bars on the display are so thick that the string has to be more out of tune before it shows up on the screen. So the display is very readable but not as accurate as prior display screens. However the price makes them a good deal even with their minor flaws.
It's a tuner that tunes nearly as well as a rack tuner for a fraction of the cost. The fact that it looks like it's made out of Bat Armor is a huge plus. For a clip-on, you can't beat the accuracy this little unit gives you.
I had the red Snark and a couple others. This one is the best ive tried so far. No problems and does give you a tighter faster tuning. 6 stars if they had it that high.
It's hard to find a good clip-on tuner that's accurate and visible in all situations. The Snark SN-8(B) is my favorite so far.  It's really bright, more accurate that other Snarks, and (despite other reviews saying it breaks easily) I've found it to be sturdy enough considering how flexible it is.  Again, it's a clip-on tuner so don't expect razor-sharp accuracy.  But it does a good enough job for what it is.  It's quick and convenient.  If you need something more accurate I recommend investing in a good pedal.  I've found the swivel to be a nice feature that makes it easy to see the display.  I don't typically use the metronome feature, but it's nice to have it.  Overall, my favorite Snark model and my favorite clip-on tuner.
Not only are they inexpensive, but they hold up very well. I have a ton because I keep one on the end of each guitar. Furthermore, they are very accurate as well. SO worth it just to not have the hassle of finding a tuner every time I want to change tunings.Bottom line: Inexpensive, well-made, accurate, time-saving. Buy it now.
I have had this for quite some time now and the original battery is still going strong.  I use it maybe once a week and it tune easily and accurately on both my acoustic and electric.  Great design.  I cant see how they could improve this at all.
Wanted a tuner not dependent on a quiet environment.So far, works well.Sometimes slightly imprecise on a bass string, but generally works great. Can tune up quickly every time.
I love the Snark tuners but don't know that I'd call it super tight or faster than the older SN-2. I feel the display is an improvement - easy on the eyes. Hopefully, more reliable than SN-2. I've had pixels dropping out on one SN-2 that is less than a year old but have another one that is doing fine. Too soon to tell if the SN-8 will hang in there.I don't see it as a faster device than the older model and have had coupling problems with it clamped to an SG. Don't know why as it works fine with acoustics and Strat. Response time on the SG is longer than the older SN-2 model but, I haven't yet tried to understand what's going on with it. Have't tried it on bass yet but, I know that the SN-2 didn't play well with the E string open. No big deal, I just tune it at 12th fret. Could choose any note since it's chromatic. Speaking of which, playing along with a song that was pitch shifted is easier with the Snark. Tune any string to match the song and then, tune the other strings with the same displayed error.Bottom line is that it's a great tuner and it's not likely that I'll get much use out of the old Korg tuner that once balanced on my knee.
This guitar tuner is simply AMAZING!!! I feel like I should have paid at least 50 bucks for this thing, but $13 is practically a freaking steal! The display is so nice, the quality is amazon, and this thing is beyond accurate! Never using another tuner again in my life. SNARK forever!
This tuner works great! I am not able to vouch for accuracy, who but the best tone person can?
Very good for a quick tune up. Might be a little to tight for checking intonation. Very fast readout and fast on off.
This is one great piece of equipment. Even on an unplugged electric guitar, just clamp it on the end of the guitar, and it picks up vibration for tuning easily, and tunes spot-on. Adding to that is it's convenient small size, and being unbelievably cheap price. Why spring for an expensive tuner when this does such a good job?
This thing is dead on the money when it comes to tuning.  It has many features I have yet to utilize, but good to know they are there if needed.
This tuner really delivers, its inexpensive and accurate , much better than the SN1. Do not be fooled by the broader gradients on the SN 8, if you are in the green , you are in tune. SN 8 is also far more reliable, no notorious having to adjust the neck to get a reading as in the SN 1 and 2. I use mine with ukulele and guitars, and both get tuned accurately with it.
I don't play professionally so there is no need to buy expensive pedal tuners such as Hardwire HT-6, Polytune or Korg Pitchblack.  I researched for other alternatives and decided on a "clip on" tuner.  I narrowed it down to 3 - Korg AW2, Snark SN-1 & Intelli IMT-900.  All 3 have a lot of positive reviews and all of them are under $20.  I visited each manufacturers' website for more information and found out about the Snark SN-8.  Snark claims that it's their best tuner yet.  If their SN-1 can go toe to toe with the others, then I would assume that their best will do even better.  I took the plunge and ordered one.  I have only 2 requirements for a tuner:1.  It should be accurate.2.  It should be fast.The Snark SN-8 delivered on both counts and more!  It came with other extras like "tap tempo metronome", "super tight tuning", "pitch calibration", "transpose features" etc.  I may not have any use for all of them right now but it's nice to have them at your fingertips.  You can use it for other instruments as well but I only use it for my guitars.  The SN-8 is small & unobtrusive.  The display is bright and easily readable and can turn any which way you like.  After tuning, I turn it off and put it back in the guitar case.  I don't like it hanging in my guitar!  Of course, it doesn't stay long because it tunes fast!  For under $20, these little tuner is all you need.....fast and accurate.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.
I own at least 8 of these.  I use them on all of my instruments, including banjo, mandolin, guitar, and Ukelele.  For the price, they cannot be beat, and they leave a small footprint too.
I have reviewed this before.  I like it, works really well.  I have a Lever Harp with 26 strings so I really needed something that would help me keep it well tuned.  One  hint from our son who also has one,  be careful when you &#34;twist&#34; the head, he broke the first one and had to buy another one.  I am very careful How I adjust and have had no problems.
I love these tuners.  I have tried the intel, krog, boss, etc... and out of all of them, I like the Snark the best.  Response and visual display are awesome.  Unlike a couple of the others I've used, the Snark works well on any place on the headstock.  A couple of the other brands I had to be careful where I positioned them because they didn't respond well.  You can't go wrong with any Snark.
These tuners just seem OK to me.  I still have to touch up my guitar when finished with this tuner.  The accuracy in my opinion just isn't there.  Still nice to have for a quick touch up while practicing.  The price is right.
Edit: I've had to downgrade my star rating a bit, so I've revised my review- full explanation below, but in short, this just doesn't work as well for me as the SN-1.Background- I have the original SN-1 as well, and have had it for a couple years. The ball socket on the back of the tuning head broke fairly quickly when I forgot to remove it from the headstock before putting it in the gig bag (Protec Contego semi-rigid hybrid case with a little more room around the headstock than your average padded bag). I rigged a repair that has worked OK, but figured a replacement was in order. However other than the broken socket, this has been one of the best tuners I've ever used. Very quick and intuitive. Bright and easy to read in all lighting conditions. Fast response on all strings, including the low B on several five string basses. Despite what I feel is a weakness in the design (the fragile socket), I still felt so good about the functionality of the product that I ordered another, this time the SN-8(B) "Super Tight" tuner. I decided to go with another model in the hopes that a newer model might be a little better reinforced at the ball sockets (hence the "super tight", perhaps?).Out of the box, the SN-8 is almost identical to the original, save for the obvious color differences. Then clamp appears the same and doesn't seem to have any greater clamping force that I could detect. Turning it on though, the display is quite different. Basically, it is much more "to the point". The indicator bars either side of the center pitch ("in-tune", dead center) are much wider and fewer, meaning a less granular and less precise display, but one that is very easy to read at a glance in any light. This could be a mixed blessing, but the up side is it is brighter, simpler, and potentially quicker for on the fly tuning. The downside is it is not granular enough to say, intonate an instrument's bridge. It also seems to respond much quicker, which I am realizing is also mixed blessing, and here we have the missing star. The speed also means it responds really quickly to all input, meaning it seems to want to constantly change the note it is sensing. It seems much more twitchy than the sn-1. Unless you are able to mute every other string fully, it will jump between notes frequently. This is also one of my (many) complaints about the Planet Waves Mini-Headstock Tuner too.  I've found that attempting to tune with loud background music or other instruments blasting through a PA will cause my instrument to vibrate at other frequencies - even if I successfully mute all other strings, making tuning with the SN-8 that much more difficult. The differences here between the SN-8 and SN-1 are quite noticeable. For that reason, I just ordered another SN-1.I can't say how this tuner would work for other instruments, as I am a bass player. I'm not sure there is or isn't a defect or flaw here, perhaps it just didn't live up to my expectations (set high by my awesome experience with the original). Simply put, my sampling size is too small to say for sure or proclaim this a bad product.  All I know is that it just isn't working very well for me. If I saved the packaging for this one, I may consider sending it back in exchange for a second SN-1 or perhaps another model. If not, it'll probably be the one I hand others when they want to borrow my tuner ;)
I was hesitant to purchase this, as I really like the display of the previous models. At first it seems like it might be less accurate. It has less granularity in the display for example. However, it does seem to respond noticeably faster. It appears to be a bit more sensitive and better at tuning bass notes. And it may in fact be more precise, though it takes learning how to work with the display.On earlier Snarks, the display has individual tiny gradients for each cent of pitch above or below the note. And they seemed pretty dead on, especially if you tune from the harmonic at the middle of the string. But I also found that the note would occasionally stall briefly causing me to over-tune. (Though once you get used to it, it is easily avoided.)Anyway, on this unit, I am not sure what each bar represents, but it is very sensitive. If the string is not quite perfect, the "On pitch" bar will be lit up, but so will one next to it. Then a slight turn of the tuning peg will bring it right on. Then only the "On pitch" bar will be lit (unless you turn too far). And the result sounds really right. I think I'll be putting one of these on most instruments from now on.
I love this thing.  It quickly and accurately allows for tuning on any instrument I own (electric & acoustic guitars, electric & acoustic bass guitars).  It clips on securely, is easy to see, stays out of the way from my playing hands and is a breeze to turn on & off.  From the front, you can barely notice it at all.  I just leave it on my instrument all the time and use it as needed.  When I switch to another instrument I un-clip it and take it with me to what ever I want to play next.I love this thing.  Love it, love it love it!
If an initially unfavorable opinion changes, I owe it to the maker to say so, so I'm saying so!For me, the hardest part of adjusting to a new tuner is throwing out preconceived notions of how it should be used.It's not always easy getting vibration sensing tuners to settle down. In many cases, they jump around until, by the time they settle down, the vibration has decayed to the point where it no longer registers. So, a bit of subjective judgment is sometimes involved.As far as the SN-8 is concerned...WRONG!I've found the SN-8 to, in fact, be Super Tight, BUT one has to insure that there isn't even a HINT of red or yellow on either side of the center green bar.This is what I don't like about the other type of Snark display.  It's not symmetric!  It requires all of the red bars to be lit along with the green, and none of the yellow bars to be lit.  If the rad bars are illuminated constantly, how can you tell if the string is a hair flat?  When I'm on pitch I want *all* indications of sharpness and flatness to vanish.In that regard, the image shown here is wrong! It shows the Super Tight behaving like the other tuners with all of the red bars illuminated along with Green and even a yellow. Uhm...no.The SN-8 is Super Tight, has a touch metronome, and lets you set it down a few semi-tones if that's what floats your boat and, as they say on TV, "All for an incredibly low price!"I keep a tuner on each guitar and one in my gig bag, just in case.  At this price, I already have a half dozen Super Tights with two more on the way.
I've been playing long enough to remember when &#34;small&#34; electronic tuners were the size of a paperback book and had prices approaching $100.  New tuners like the Snark SN-8(B) are a joy in comparison.  The display is good sized and easy read (without my reading glasses) and the tuner responds quickly and accurately.  The only complaint I've heard about this tuner is that the clamp is tight.  Yeah?  So?  It won't fall off while you're using it (or playing) and you shouldn't leave anything clamped to your guitar when you aren't using it anyway.  You can't beat the price for a tuner this easy to use and it comes with a cleaning/carrying bag too.  I've used it with standard and altered tunings on guitar, bass, banjo, mandolin, ukulele, and tipple.  This one works.One suggestion for any younglings reading this: take it from an old f*** - electronic tuners are great, especially for tuning back stage or in other places where it isn't quiet but please, do yourself a favor, and learn to tune by ear.  I've met too many young players that cannot tune a guitar without an electronic tuner.  If the battery dies they are tone deaf.  Trust me, the ability to tune by ear is a skill you will always use.  If a string goes sharp or flat while I'm playing I can tune it back without stopping.  I would not be able to do that if I hadn't learned to tune by ear.
No, this tuner is NOT super tight. It's ok, but not super tight. I bought this because the tuner in the RP1000 is pretty sloppy. Based on owning this for a couple of weeks, I would say that it is just about as sloppy as the RP1000. I will use it on stage, but for recording I will stick to the app on my phone. Oh yeah, I almost forgot -- when you register the tuner you get a PDF download of "Secret Chords The Pro's Don't Know". It's good for a laugh.Pros: Bright easy to read display, fast response timeCons: Nowhere near what I would call super tight.Bottom line: Save your bread and get something else if you need a tight tuning. I would suggest the Snark SN-1. It's cheaper and works very well!
This is very accurate and also very easy to use. The led is easy to see in well lite area as well as dark area. I loved the price.
I will keep my review short as there have been MANY factual and well written reviews for the various Snark tuners over the years.  Quickly though, I will start by also agreeing that for the price, it is hard to beat.  This is mostly why I have given it 4 stars and just bought a sixth one.  It is accurate, reliable for tuning, and affordable.  All that said, here is why I decided to write a review.  I have owned about 5 of these Snarks and every single one has broken after about 3-4 months use.  The unit itself is great.  Here is the problem.  Where the tuner attaches to the guitar and where the tuner attaches itself to it's own clip is where this little gem falls short.  Sure, if you put it on a guitar and leave it there at home, it will likely last at least a year and maybe longer requiring a battery change one day if you are lucky.  However, if you travel with it, take it on or off a few guitars a day, or frequently adjust it, it will likely eventually break.  Either the "rubber feet" that come into contact with the head stock of the guitar will come off and get lost or the little ball joint that connects the tuner's head to the clip part will break.  Best to get several of these at this great price and just keep one on each of your guitars.  One for the electric, one for the acoustic, etc.  This item does not travel well and is best used at home gently.
Love this little tuner. I have several reds and several blues and this one seem to be about the same except the displays seems to be more accurate.
Tried this and was not happy. Seemed to want to be off too much. Got the Fender FT-004 instead. This one does have a great view on the LED, but if it doesn't tune right, what's the point? I would try the Fender. Just a note. if you want a great tuner try a pedal corded tuner. I would try one at a guitar shop before purchasing. Just a thought.
The Snark SN-8(B)Super Tight All Instrument Tuner is the best Snark tuner I've purchased, of 4 models. This SN-8, has a matte type finish, not glossy, it has a gun metal black look to me which I prefer to the glossy finished models. The dial, is easy to read, the bars on the dial are bold. All Snark Tuners are a great value, they function as well as any brand.
I have had 2 of these tuners (you'd think I'd learn after one).  They calibrate okay , it's just that they tend to break where the swivel ball fits into the socket of the device (both of mine broke this way).  To me, for the price, it's made cheaply.  Try D'Addario instead; love their tuners.
If your looking for a great, fast and accurate tuner for your guitar or bass, this is the one for you. It is easy to see in light or dark venues, has great build quality, and helps to tune your instrument in record time. I don't go anywhere without it, it may well be the last tuner you'll ever need.Flaws are few. The battery life could be better and it wont work with acoustics(no built in mic), but then you know that before you buy it, so you cant really complain. It would just be nice if it included one is all.All told, if you need a great tuner, look no further, this is one of the best, especially for the price paid. Why are you still reading this?? Buy it already ;-)
This clip on tuner by Snark is fantastic, works great!  It alows you to fine tune each string.  Buy it!
I have four Snarks and one other brand.  The Snarks are dependable and have an easy to read display.  Tuning is quick and simple.
This is the third Snark tuner (the others were Snark II) I have bought. Both of the others broke where the stem joins the clock-type display (could be glued together, but irritating). This one seems to be made of different material and with a bit of luck will be more durable. Why buy this after the experience of the others? Well they are very good and easy to use tuners, and for not much money (my guitar strings cost more!). This one has a great display - full colour and easy to read. I use it on a guitar, a bass and a 12 string and it works well on all of them.
A i'm very impress with the precition of this tuner. It's very light and can adjust very easily on both electric and acoustic guitar. (even using a capo) 100% recommended.Battery is included also, so you can use it right out the box.
The display is very readable but you have to be looking atit from a near perpendicular angle.  Maybe I'm using it wrong but Ihave trouble finding anywhere to clip it but my pegs.  But from there it works great,just have to work to find a peg at the right position to afford a  good angle.
Easy, accurate and, best of all, it swivels to any position and stays upright for easy viewing. I've tried other brands and they don't swivel correctly.
The Snark tuners are very accurate and the price on this could not be beat!  Great tuner.  I got about three of them!
I had to get used to this tuner at first.  I have used a different brand up until this purchase.  An experienced guitar teacher recommended this one to me.  Glad he did, the price is way affordable on this site and it's really easy to use!
I clipped it on the neck (head) of my acoustic guitarIt tunes up well and is very easy to readI turn it off after tuning but leave it on the guitar while playingI have not used it enough to test the battery lifeBut so far so good. Great for the price.All Pros and No Cons so far
This is a very useful tuner since it's small, fast and pretty rugged.  I've dropped mine several times with no damage to the rubbery-like casing.  I have an older model that I still use, also.
Small enough to keep along with your guitar to make sure it is in tune each time you play a little. I wish it was a little faster but it is close to as fast as my Sony and Korg plug in tuners. It clips onto the guitar easily, stays put, and is not intrusive by weight or size. The bars are easy to see and are accurate.
I personally use this in conjunction with my TU-3 on the ground but honestly it just gets a read faster than the TU sometimes and it's a fraction of the cost. Really efficient way to go in my opinion. I am a pit orchestra musician and I've lent it to people who play LOTS of different instruments and it really tends to work well with all of them.
Great tuners, Ive had the snark 1s i think (the blue ones) and they were really good the rubber part always fell off. It is too early to tell if this will last longer but so far so good
This is the newer version of the original Snarks. I have bought the red, blue and older black models. These are great. Fast and reliable, and accurate. This new "Super Tight" is a bit faster and is slightly more accurate than the others, but the older units are still excellent. The display is a little brighter, but I think the battery life is a little less than the originals. I can't recommend these enough.
This tuner does a great job tracking notes rather quickly, and I've enjoyed using it.  It does its job, and it's well worth the money.
For $13, its hard to say anything bad about this gadget. It's accurate in any sound environment, easy to read in any light, very portable, and will tune any stringed instrument. The visual metronome with no click or beep is pretty useless but that's a silly extra that doesn't interfere with anything so no problem.
This is hands-down the best tuner I've *ever* owned. The Snark SN8 works extremely well, and being chromatic, works on every stringed instrument I own (guitar, bass, banjo, violin) no matter what key the instrument is tuned to. I still use my Korg Pitchblack inline with my bass (also a very nice product), but that is mainly to get more cord length across the stage and still keep my signal strong. This little baby is amazingly easy to use, and always accurate. It has a nice bright easy to read display in any lighting situation and makes tuning a breeze and not a hassle (just as it should be - I've personally always hated those Boss pedal tuners). It simply does its job and does it very well.Also, buying this item from Amazon saved me quite a bit over the local Guitar Center, which is always a big plus. It feels tough too, this thing feels like it can easily handle the rigors of being tossed around, which is a very good thing. Despite the flimsy way the seller packaged this for shipping, the product arrived intact, and fast. I would have cropped a star for a damaged product in that little wimpy envelope they sent it in. Fortunately mine arrived in perfect condition (no thanks to that paper envelope - seriously, they should use a stiff cardboard envelope or small tube or something).I could not be happier, at least until I buy another one to keep at the house while the first stays in my gig bag.
I bought this for a friend who's previous tuner was lost. I have to say... I've been so impressed by how easy this is to read, that I'll probably buy one for myself now.Other than a great display and accurate tuning... this is made with a move-able arm between the tuner and the clip. The arm is a dual ball joint and allows you to configure this is any position you'd like.I wasn't expecting it to be this nice. Very cool!
I used it about twice and so far it is a good product I also use it to check sync with my other tuners
I would say as long as you dont try to use this as a floorjack, it will work just fine for you. I dont wrench the arm around like all star wrestling and it appears to work fine for me. I love the way it sits right on top of the headstock and you can tune instantly. Nice and bright, easy to see.  Had it about 4 weeks now and on all of my guitars. Remember its a guitar tuner, not an impact wrench.
I read some mixed reviews about the unit but I&#8217;ve not noticed anything abnormal with mine. Seems to do an accurate job and really cheap price.
