I like Dunlop products but... The push down applicators (Dunlop's Dab-O-Matic Applicator Tops) are horrible idea. One popped right off the other day and oil got all over the place. I will not buy these again or I will remove them and just use a cloth.
Everything from the string cleaner to the polish works very well.You have to be very careful with the fretboard cleaner because it will dry out the fretboard but the conditioner is included and can be applied after.The string cleaner does not really leave much residue and really does help with string noise.You wont be let down.Dunlop makes good quality products.
I love this system.  Every time I change strings now, I go through every step of this system, and what a difference it has made.  The fretboard cleaner and conditioner are great.  I never realized how dry the wood was.  The string cleaner is nice too.  I feel like I was neglecting my guitars until I got this.  The quantities of product in this kit are good, and the instructions are clear.  The two polishing cloths are adequate size, and washable.
This kit has just about everything needed to clean and maintain your guitar or bass.  I would also by the Dunlop lemon oil as well.  Worth the money.
The ultimate guitar cleaning tool I love love love this kit...  I've been using the products for years and I've been nothing but happy with their quality
I hate string noise and a dirty acoustic. This kit covers all the bases from the fret board to the body. My favorite acoustic guitar is over 40 years old and it looks like a brand new guitar and no annoying string noise when I am changing chords or fingering the fret-board.
Unfortunately, the first one of these I ordered from Amazon arrived with two of the bottles having leaked their contents all over the place. Take two! The second set I received was in great condition, and I'm really surprised with the amount of product you get for the low cost. This kit literally has everything you will need (except new strings of course...) to keep your guitar looking and sounding great.
Granted, I'm no expert on what's out there in the world for guitar cleaning materials. This is my first foray into that world.But, I've used it, and it's easy. The polish is great, the cloths are soft and just what they should be; the wax is wonderfully shiny and easy to put on and buff. Everything here is, as far as I can tell, just as advertised - a way to keep one's instruments in good shape.I now have a shine on my guitar that is better than when it arrived from the factory, and there doesn't seem to be any chemicals in the stuff that corrodes or otherwise destroys the guitar, like perhaps some fly-by-night cheapy cheapy product maker might offer.Maybe there are better polishes and waxes out there - and knowing the way the world works, I'm sure there are some, probably made out of rare elephant glandular excretions that sell for $500 a bottle that the pros use and maybe would be worth 6 or 7 stars on the Amazon review. I don't know. But come on; this stuff is just fine.
the best thing I've purchase for my guitars this year , I'm not that careful with my guitars maintenance and never though that my fretboard and body finish need that care until i see a video that explain why is important and the live that obviously the instrument get back after cleaning , the 01 and 02 are the best, restore the live of my fretboard, the cleaner and polish make your instrument body shine , the only one that I've just use once is the string conditioner and cannot say because i use this on my brother acoustic guitar and i don't play with it after the cleaning ,but my guitars strings are new right now maybe i update in a few weeks about the strings conditioner.you can buy this with your eyes close, you wont regret the purchase.
My son was cleaning all his guitars after opening this gift on Christmas morning.  I am pleased with this product.
In general it's OK but when you look at the fine writing on the fingerboard formula it says not to use on Maple; which means I can't use it on either of my Gibsons.  Probably better to just get the lemon oil for that separately.
Love this kit...it has everything you need as well as cleaning cloths....make your axe shine and look like a rockstar.
The products work great, applied them to my new Les Paul Ukulele for protection. The strings that came with my ukulele were junk so I decided to replace them with aquila strings. Prior to doing so I decided that I would like to prep the fret board. The frets seemed a little rough and the rosewood looked a little dry to me so....I ordered this kit to see what it would do. It comes with both fret board cleaner and even a very fine grit emery cloth for the metal frets. I thought I would try the emery cloth on the frets and was very pleased with the results. The frets are now very smooth and shiny and the rosewood fret board looks like it is much happier after a little drink.The polish for the instrument brought out a deep luster...but remember a little goes a long way so the wax should last a very long time as I am sure the other products will too.The cloths are very soft and should not damage you instrument. Mine came soaked due to the 02 bottle leaking upon arrival. That is the reason I did not give this product a 5 star. It looked like the package was damaged prior to shipment since the out side package was pristine and the product was protected well inside with adequate padding.I am now going to work on my Gibson Les Paul Custom Guitar and I am sure that I will be very happy with the results!Great product which would deserve the full 5 stars if it was packaged a little better.
While I'm spectacle on what I want to &#34;clean my baby with (Fender P Bass) and after reading many feed backs on Amazon, I decided to try this kit. My Bass is not that old, but really needed to be cleaned and polished. This kit really make it so clean, it looks better than when I purchased it new. No greasy residue either. My fret board looks so good to. Just don't use it on maple wood (the lighter color), at least that is what the directions states because it my yellow this lighter color. I can tell you that the rose wood is nice and deep colored red. The other cleaners and polishes are great too. I will definitely purchase this kit again when I run out of the supplies.
Makes my guitar look great, from the fretboard, strings and body.  Everything conditioned and polished.  Great quality product, highly recommend
This kit cleans strings body and conditions the fretboard. It's got everything you need for your high end guitar maintenance.
Everything you need to keep your guitar clean and Polished and sexy! no matter if you are a horrible player like me you will get all the chicks because your guitar looks sexy! the girls will love you and the boys too!
The Dunlop system has everything you need to keep your guitar in good condition, and looking great. It also had two soft cloths that are needed for application, removing excess and polishing. I couldn't be happier!
Take some time but it was well worth it.  I've always cleaned the finger boards with rubbing alcohol then used linseed oil afterwards.  This worked great and the guitars buffed up like never before!
A good value box set of quality products. Use these each time you re string and keep your instrument in top shape. I do guitar set ups for folks and these come in real handy.
got a cleaner/polish/wax type ointment for every part of your guitar. comes with a small rag, and fret polishing pad deal....the fret pad is great and I didn't know about this type of thing till getting this kit. also comes with a step by step/stage by stage instruction pamphlet. worth it to get this kit and replace /add to it as needed.
