well what can I say.  it takes a signal and splits it 4 ways offering output at HP level. genius.  I bought it for my church since we're going the HP monitoring route and this was my best bet against the super over priced shure/senheiser/audio technica overpriced systems. I paired this up with the MA400 and it works great. hook up an xlr straight from the DI and voila, you got both inputs with separate control. like I said. genius.
I'd give this 1 and a half stars if I could. This little Amp is so noisy if you hardly touch/move a cable plugged into it. It is so hard to get full sound in head/earphones with this. I can only hear in one ear in every headphone/output, and hardly anything in the other. I have to always adjust my cable's connector to get any full sound for a second. I can still use this, but hardly. I really don't like this.
Perfect for remote recoding with up to 4 head sets. Clean amp and plenty of gain at  a great price.
Solid as a rock and definitely delivers on its promise. Whoever said Behringer gear sucked has no clue about audio gear. Our radio station owns several pieces along with this unit and are expanding our gear with more purchases of Behringer gear. Super value!
Needed a boost with my headphones while playing Rocksmith.  Item works as advertised, very easy to hook up.  I am using with xbox 360 and auvio wireless headphones (33-283, out of production, but still work great)
I hooked this up to the output of my Mackie mixing desk. I have my powered monitors (via a Y cable) on one output and my headphones on another.I can now play my guitar, write, record, etc through the speakers or the headphones and very quickly switch between them without messing about with cables and whatnot.Because my headphones are closed (DJ type) they cut out a lot of background noise and I previously found myself wondering "are the speakers off?". It was particularly awkward in that the power switches for my speakers is on the back. Not handy!Now I've installed this headphone amp it's definitely become an integral part of my setup, and definitely worth the money. Now I can actually get on with the music :-)Another excellent Behringer purchase. Recommended without hesitation.
The item shipped in time. It is working fine. The sound is very good. The only problem I had is voltage. I live in Europe and I had to buy special adapter which transforms 220 volts to 120.I know A lot of items from USA that work with both voltage 220 and 110, but not this one.Thanks anyway.
I use this in my recording studio to allow musicians their own level of monitoring in their headphones for recording and playback. So far I've had this item for about a week, and it has worked flawlessly, and given the exact results I needed. Musicians love being able to control their own headphones, rather than having the engineer in the control room raise and lower their levels.
Do not let the size fool you. This is a very handy piece of equipment and it's so easy to set up and use. Just plug a 1/4 inch stereo cable into your sub out on your mixer and then into the HA400, then plug in up to 4 pairs of headphones and your set to track overdubs. This is perfect for a small home studio on a budget and it's built like a tank. Be forewarned that this a very basic headphone distribution system, you can only adjust volume from the HA400 and it would be wise to purchase a real long 1/4 stereo cable and extensions for the headphones if you want to isolate vocals.
Behringer doesn't have the best of reputations, but some of their gear does a great job at the price. This is one of them. This gives me plenty of clean volume to run my headphones. I run a project studio with an Apogee Duet as my interface. I needed this because sometimes I need to monitor something while another person in the room is recording/monitoring a track.My main headphones are Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro, Sennheiser HD 555, Sony MDR-V6, and then I have some others. All of my headphones are comfortably driven by this headphone amp with plenty of gain on tap and I get very good volume, and even at the exact same volume as the input, I find that the sound is improved by using this headphone amp. It's hard to describe, but it just feels a bit fortified and a little bit stronger. I've had a Presonus headphone amp before that cost many times as much as this little Behringer headphone amp and the sound was no better.The volume pots are very smooth and there is no noise that I can hear that is introduced by this amp. Make sure you use a quality sound source because this will faithfully amplify anything that goes in. For instance, if I run a cable from my iMac's built-in headphone output to this amp and turn up the volume, I can hear a little buzz and random digital sounds, but that's not the amp, it's the source. Running the output from my Apogee Duet, the sound is very clean and strong.There are some annoying things about this amp. Obviously the external power supply is annoying, there's no on-off switch, and it's light enough that when everything is plugged in, it doesn't want to stay in place. However, that's nothing that Velcro tape on the desk can't fix, and the rest of the problems are stuff you have to live with when you get something that does so much for less than the price of a decent pair of headphones.
I've had one of these I've used for years and it has served me well.I needed another so that I could get more headphone mixes out of my soundcard for recording multi-person bands in my home studio.Simple to set up: you get an input for your source and 4 outputs for 4 people to listen to the source and each one gets to control their own volume.[...]
I use this at home on my project studio it works great for headphone sessions. I use it all the time to run an extra set of headphone in to my vocal booth/closet. It's all metal the knobs are great and very smooth to turn. For the money you can't beat it. Its not professional quality but Ive done some professional quality work with it with no problem.
This product works the way it should be. No frills, no BS. Great price at Amazon as usual.
When I first got this it blew up my headphones and didnt work right at all with my desktop speakers or anything.  I am now glad to say that after getting a replacement headphones and desktop speakers that this thing works fantastic.  It is a small design amplifier and does it's job very well.  I now have my good headphones, my noise canceling headphones, and my desktop speakers hooked up to it and they all work fantastic.  No more unplugging and plugging in the desktop speakers and headphones from the back of the computer which was such a hassle everytime.  Now all I gotta do is turn the control knobs and wallah.  I have to say it works very well for the price.  The only thing I don't recommend doing is turning the volume past the 2nd notch for your good headphones because they might damage them like they did mine.  Anyways, I would recommend this if you hate unplugging and plugging stuff in all the time and you want some more bass.
Purchased two of these, one for on stage headphones and one to actually use as a junction box to send the sound elsewhere in the building to other amps/speakers. Works in both environments very well, individual channel volume control is perfect. No hum/hiss from these units at all.
Not sure why Behringer gets a bad rep - this is compact, works as advertised, is affordable and an all around handy thing for the musician.Well built, solid construction - zero complaints.
I have been using this little amp very heavily for about a year now and highly recommend it.  The device is extremely compact taking up virtually no space sitting right next to my mixer, it does exactly what I expect & the sound is clean.  Works great - great price - meets my requirements perfectly.
I've been using this product for a while now.  Only for indoor really light use.  So I can't speak to it's durability at this time. But I like it because it's cheap, light, and it works.
this box is very well made and will last a long time. the controls are very tight and are not loose or sloppy. i like the fact you can daisy chane this device with more of the same. i am very happy with this purchase and i will be buying a few more now that i know they are made with quality and functions perfectly. i would tell my friends to buy this with no problem.
I use this in a small studio so we can use multiple headphones from only one stereo line out.  Individual volumes controls make it perfect.
I've owned and used this for a few years now without failure or flaw.  The pots all still work without adding noise, and in general the device does exactly what I need it to do.  You won't find a better deal than this on a basic headphone amp/mixer.
My title says it all.  I didn't like the AC adaptor.  I did work very well and was strong.  I liked how solid it was.
I have always wanted to link multiple listeners to the same feed and be able to control the level, this is amazing
