I've tried pretty much every harp out there, after having played the regional blues & jazz circuit for about 10 years.  Lee Oskar harps are the best value.On top of it, Lee Oskar actually called me once just because I left a question on his website!I've met Rick Epping (of Hohner harmonicas) at NAMM -great guy- but he never called me at 3:30 in the afternoon just because I could not identify a song I thought he was playing on!I carry around between 10 or 12 harps to a gig, so that is at least $290 for a set of Lee Oksar harps.10 Suzuki Manji harps, while nice and the phosphor bronze reeds are great, would cost nearly $480 - presuming you could find them.I will not say I've never blown a reed on a LO, but I will say that $22 for a new set of LO reed plates beats $48 for a new Manji, at least in my book.On top of it, all they really did with the Manji is discontinue the "Bushman Delta Frost" harmonicas and rename them so they could double the price.Lee Oskar harmonicas are inexpensive, they are simple and cheap to repair, easy to play, have great tone, and are even easy to identify since the 1st & 2nd position keys are printed right on the comb.  That feature is great for beginners who might not be able to keep them straight yet.Give them a shot.
what a nice clear sound it has,,and smooth ,,,nice size for someone with small hands , i got this because of all the good things people wrote about  it in the reviews, sense i always wanted to play ,so decided to learn ,,and wasn't shore what kind to get ,,so thanks for all the reviews to help me out ,, and i am so glad i got this one it came in a nice plastic case ,not a cardboard box, all throw i did order a case for it,( witch i will use) when i bought this Harmonica,, not shore what harmonica to get on a low budget ,,this is the one,,you won't regret it,, i been around blue's  a long time so heard many harmonica's  ,this one truly sounds good,,
I bought this and a Hohner Special 20 key of C harp to test them both out. This harp is a great harp, pretty much the exact same as the Hohner Special 20 in overall quality. "Feels" a little more airtight, brighter and louder than the hohner, but in side-by-side testing the effect is diminished.The Hohner Special 20 just seems to have this little extra...expression to it. More life or something.Both harps very bendable, etc. Real high quality.As for the replaceable reed plates...Amazon has this harp marked down to about the $25 level. Reed plate replacements are about $19. Now I realize that at retail that's half the price of a RETAIL harp, but only $6 less than a "whole new harp" otherwise.With this in mind, I would generally recommend beginners start with the Hohner Special 20. Just a slightly better or at least more fun-sounding and fun to play harp with a little more animation and expression available "free", in my opinion.
My son had his eye on a vintage harmonica that my great uncle used in Europe during WW I. Needless to say, I did not want to pass this on to him yet. I figured he could start simpler. I read the reviews of the harmonicas and saw nothing but positive about this instrument. It has a great tone. Its construction is solid. I am sure this will give him years of entertainment. This is not a toy - a great addition to your mouth harp collection.
I'm a guitarist with a passion for blues, so it was only a matter of time before I was going to pick up the harmonica.  I almost went with some of the cheaper options, but I am extremely pleased with my decision.  It sounds gorgeous (very full and clear), and I've already been able to start bending some notes--which I understand I notoriously hard for beginners on cheap harmonicas.As a blues guitarist I was tempted to buy a harmonica in D or A that, when played in second-position, would allow me to play along with blues songs in A or E (two of the most common blues keys; especially among the songs I like to play).  The second-position for the harp in C is G (not terribly common).  However, I think it is good practice to begin with a harmonica in C, since many of the beginner songs are in C, and the C major scale should be very familiar to most musicians.  In other words, as I'm exploring the notes, they make a lot of sense to me.  At this price, I won't mind buying a D or A when the time comes--it's not like I'm already at a level where I'm dying to play those songs anyway.  And, if I need to, there are a couple of songs I've found in G (e.g., Work Song by Butterfield).  That song along should keep my practicing for a long time.  If you are still reading this review, then you clearly are the type of person that would love this harp, add it to your cart.
