This acoustic pickup is the most amazing thing ever. It has a very warm and soft tone and picks up notes very well. I couldn't be happier with the purchase. It's a very good investment if you play guitar but don't have an electric acoustic. I don't think I'll ever even buy an electric acoustic now since I have this thing. Prolly sounds better anyway!!
I bought this for my daughters acoustic guitar so she could play through an amp. It fits very well and sounds great!
This mic is fine. One should know that it has quite low gain and requires the use of a boost/preamp for the guitar sound to be heard.
quiet, almost hum free - clear respose - no volume control doesn't befront me because i use it to record & to play thru a PA where either I or someone else keeps the volume under control. It tends to be bass heavy, but a slight eq revisit more than compensates for that. I had used one in the past, this is a more solid unit & fits movement free in the soundhole of my guitar & also in two others i use here and there. great job. great value. got herre quick in a nice little carry bag & I will update if problems come later - don't see why or how tho
Could not get to fit small sound hole. Once in sound hole pickup did not work at all. Would not buy it.
I've owned a Seymour Duncan Woody for several months now, and have had a chance to try it out with various amps, with the pickup tipped for a stronger low end or high end, and so on.  This is an excellent value and is basically as feedback free as you're likely to get from an acoustic guitar pickup.  The one thing I've found is that I get a significantly more natural acoustic guitar sound playing the Woody through my Ampeg bass amp than through my Peavey guitar amp.  The high ends are too grating through an electric guitar amp and there's a tendency for distortion to creep in, even with the clean setting.  Through the bass amp, though, the tone is absolutely clean and clear.  The pickup is easy enough to install and remove and it's easy to get it to sit low enough that it doesn't interfere with finger picking any more than any other sound hole pickup would.  The other great feature of this pickup is the look; the natural wood finish actually enhances the look of the guitar.  If you are looking for an acoustic guitar pickup, this is the one to buy!
I bought this for my 1974 Martin D-18 for recording on my PC. So far it is working great. I have a Behringer 802 mixer already and I just plugged the guitar into that. It works perfectly. This guitar is very loud without a pickup, but to get the sound into my PC for recording I either needed to use a mike or a pickup. I chose the pickup. I got too much background noise with the mike.Update: I started to get a loud buzz in my sound system and scratched my head a bit trying to figure it out. I had played my guitar about an hour before without that "buzz" being a problem. I discovered that if I turn the guitar a certain way the buzz went away. Then I remembered that the only thing I was doing differently was that I had turned on another overhead light since it was dark outside. I turned that light off and the buzz went away. My pickup was picking up interference from the new type florescent bulbs in the light. I'm glad there is nothing really wrong with the pickup. ;)After using the pickup for awhile I have noticed that the 5th and 6th strings aren't as loud as I would expect; also the 2nd string is louder than all of the strings. I'm not sure why. It's not a big deal.
The pickup itself is very nice and pretty easy to use but the plastic thing wrapped around the cable really annoyed me. How the heck were you supposed to take those off without damaging the cable? Anyway, the pickup sounds very nice and i'm happy.
This is an excellent-sounding pickup.  I've had it for about six years.  Good sound throughout the spectrum - full lows and bright highs, without too much emphasis on either.  At the price it sells for, I consider it a bargain.The drawbacks:1) You need to be pay attention when installing and removing - you can damage the sound hole on your guitar if you're not careful.2) No volume control.If you're looking to occasionally amplify an acoustic guitar, this is a great, cost-effective way to go.
I've used this on a variety of 6 strings and a few 12 strings and it really does give a good sound for the price. And if you've got a variety of acoustics and don't want to get pickups installed in ALL if them this is a great solution. It tends to work slightly better for finger picking than strumming because occasionally your hand will hit the chord coming out if you're not careful.Remember that it must be used with a preamp and hopefully something (most likely a tuner) with stomp on/off bypass so that you can turn it off more easily.
Easy to use. No metallic hiss you'd normally expect. The only real drawback is the lack of presence when it comes to the bassier strings. It takes some skill to EQ things to the point of normalcy. If you're uncomfortable dealing with EQ, this might not be your best bet. Otherwise, a wonderful product at a great price.
