I read many negative reviews on several sites.  I can understand how the quality may not be consistent, but as a seasoned folk and ethnic musician, I must say that the set I just purchased is quite good, especially the lower pitched harps in G, A and Bb.  There are minor tuning issues with all instruments, especially folk instruments.  This is what gives them their charm and voice.  I find my whole set to be of very adequate quality and I will not need replacement harps right away, as many have stated they had to do.  The set is quite nice, for the price!
This is certainly a step up from the Hohner Piedmont Blues Harmonica Set that Amazon sells.  I have that one too.  I thought it was O.K., but I found that some of the harps don't work well and the gawd-awful smell!  Actually it went away after awhile, but in the beginning the plastic odor made me light headed.Anywho....This is a nicer set.  All harps work.  They feel substantial. No smell.  Pay the extra money and get this set.**UPDATE**  The letters designating the key wears off pretty quickly.  A nusisance.
I bought these just to add a layer of sound in my blues tunes I record, the notes don't bend easily...if you think your will cheat the big boys harps, youll be dissapointed quickly...these are little more than toys compared to $40 dollar harps, they feel cheap but have a decent sound ...i dont know if they will last, but to make harp noises without decent bends ... Ill use these sparingly...Jim
Nice presentation, although the harmonicas are plastic, they look and sounds great. Also the price is great, so go ahead, buy it and have fun.
Great for the beginner!
A very attrative, complete assemblage of blues harp.  With one in each key and relatively small size this is a must have.
I play harp with some some that I perform. I found that all of these Harmonica's the note's are off and it's hard to play, I have G Blues harp that I compared the G harp to and the notes were a little off. The C harp was terrible. That said the only thing I like about this order is the case. I going to see if I can return them for store credit.
you really have to have a lot of wind inside you to play these harmonicas, they are great but you really got to blow hard to get them rocking, adding distortion to them helps to brings out a better sound live or in the studio. These fit my budget and plus you get EVERY KEY you need for any song......WOW... Hohner has been around forever, well constructed instrument and very reliable company.
Let me start by saying that I never even opened these. I've given it a 3 star merely out of respect for Hohner. I have no clue how they play, so you'll have to look at other review for that info.I ordered this product based on the fact that the description states "Includes a deluxe, red pro type hard shell case". Well... not from Music123 it doesn't. When I asked Music123 about this, they said "oh... well, we provide Amazon with our catalogue, and we leave it up their discretion to input the pictures and descriptions of our items". REALLY!!!???Not only did this not come in the red case (which I didn't really care about anyway), it didn't come in any version of this case style (which I was interested in). The case that's shown, is the case that's sold individually on many sites for $19. So I figured... wow!... what the heck? I'm getting 7 harmonicas that cost $6 a piece if puchased individually, and I'm getting a $19 case with them. You'd be silly not to bite on that, right? Well... they came in a cheaper, nondescript black zipper case, not the one with the Hohner logo on it. Save your money and order this through Musicians Friend. It's the same price, free shipping, and you get the actual item as it's described on their site.In closing... it's been a week since I sent this product back to Music123, and I still have not received my refund. Do yourself a favor and avoid them!!!
I bought this mostly for the case and to have a few backup harps kicking around if I need them.Some of the harps are out of tune slightly, not a big deal, especially considering what all you get here...This is an alright set for a beginner, and a good cheap backup set for a more advanced harp blower.I'll use the case for my higher end Hohners as needed.
If you are a broke performer of harmonica blues and need to get back on track, these will not help much. That being said, these are not junk, nor are they cheap nasty instruments - there are plenty available that are much worse than these. Straight from the case, these don't bend well, but do not despair. Having an experienced player break them in gets one of them behaving well in a couple of days (about eight hours of playing) So far I have persuaded the G A Bb and C to bend enough to satisfy curiosity, but they will not hold up to serious playing. I do not destroy my harps easily, so am not the most aggressive player out there, but I felt like these would certainly be something even I may wear out pretty quickly. For the purpose I intended these to perform they are about perfect - with me breaking them in, I can pass them on to my non harp playing relative for them to learn the basics.  Better use these inexpensive harps to over-blow and squawk through, than the set I will be buying in six months; if the promise of musical ability follows through. The advantage of the plastic comb is that I don't need to pass on any germs with them - they wash very easily, with no damage. For the price, you get seven good harps, that make presentable learner instruments, with just a little prep. Without the experienced blues player to break them in, it will take a bit of patience to learn bending on them - there are many YouTube videos that will teach the method, so try hard, persevere and you will crack it with these harps  - try learning bending on the lower key instruments first; they will be easier.
