Love joyo pedals.  Not sure yet on the new line.  They just dont feel as solid to me. That being said the pedal sounds great. great distortion no issues beyond my concerns regarding the light build and esp the switch. time will tell
I am a confessed and unrepentant hoarder of dirtboxes and I like this pedal a lot.  This is my 5th Joyo pedal- I already own the Ultimate Drive, Vintage Overdrive, Crunch Distortion, and Octive Fuzz pedals.  I consider Joyo and the Dano Cool Cat line to be some of the best values in stomp-boxes these days.  You've already heard the particulars about this pedal, so I won't go into the features.  The build quality does appear to be a hair shoddier than all my other Joyo pedals (which are earlier versions).  The switch seems a little less heavy-duty, and the case seems to be thinner metal.  That said, the case is still metal and isn't going to fail in any way.  The switch- well, we will have to wait and see.  For $35 or so, I'm not going to complain.  Soundwise, this product offers excellent gain for this price level.  It's not particularly suited for Pantera, but you can do modern mid-gain up to Metallica without any problems.  This is not an overdrive, so it doesn't do the 'just on the verge of breakup' thing like a tubescreamer does.  That's not what it was designed to do.  I run it into a cleanish tube amp and it sounds very good.  I've also boosted it with the following with a good result:  SD Pickup Booster, Cool Cat Transparent Overdrive, Tubescreamer (TS9,Joyo Vintage OD, Behringer TO800), Tech 21 Comptortion.  If you play rock/ hard rock through a single channel amp (like a Blues Jr, Valve Jr or Pro Jr) and you want to make it a two channel amp, this will get you there. Most people compare this pedal to the Suhr Riot.  I do not own that pedal, so I can not fairly make a comparison.  I have seen several videos comparing the two and as far as that is concerned, I hear enough similarity that I am not compelled to shell out $200 for the Riot. Another comparison that gets made is that the US Dream is close to a ProCo RAT.  I own an original 80s RAT and I don't think they are all that similar.  The US Dream has a tighter low end and more treble.  Not better or worse- just different enough that they don't completely cover the same sonic territory.  Admitedly, I don't own a newer RAT-  maybe that one is closer to the US Dream.  For what they are charging, this is another home run for Joyo-
This Joyo JF-34 US dream distortion box is very well made and produces a good range of distortion effect. My son has taken up playing guitar about a year or so ago and now that he is past the basics he was interested in trying different techniques. This box can be set to make minimal distortion or maxed out to produce very heavily distorted effects.The box is very good quality, with nice large controls and metal foot switch. The unit can be powered with a 9v battery or via an external power source (not included).This is a fun way to add distortion effects for guitar players.Highly Recommended!CFHNote: Manufacturer provided unit for review but that in no way influences my rating or comments.
Reading the product description may give you an idea about this product. I received, plugged it in and was impressed with the clean yet great sounding distortion. It's solid, well made and looks/feels like it can handle the world tour.Get it!
True meaning of the US Dream...it is hard with a soft overtone giving a sense of calm and well being... wow yes that is it. no more to be written joy o the american dream.
this pedal is simple...i own 4 or 5 joyo overdrive pedals ,.i love them all...they all differ somewhat,,,,i fell in love with this one the most,.,set volume and gain to maximum loudness that you desire,,,then back off your guitar volume and it cleans up wonderfully....and when you are ready to wail, just turn up your guitar volume.,,,,and whammo,...its a very non-colored sounding overdrive...,,its hard to call it any particualr sound...its just really good and clear and powerful....
I realized I didn't have any distortion pedals, only a bunch of overdrive pedals, so I set out to find a distortion pedal.  After scouring the forums I find out the pedals that are supposed to be very good are also very pricey.  Since I don't want to spend a bunch of money I get this one and it is great, albeit quite bright.  The only thing I don't like about this pedal is the brightness, which can be tamed with the tone knob, otherwise it is easy to use, sounds really good and is transparent. Transparent in that it doesn't add a lot of color to your amp just distortion.  I use this pedal with vintage Fender Silverface amps, which are already bright, so I turn the tone more to the bass side and also shape my tone with the Spark Booster that I have in front of the US Dream. I have to use the Spark Booster to hit the US Dream hard because most of the guitars I use don't have hot enough pickups.The price was right, I'm happy with it.
This review is on the seller Yorozuya Yokoshima ,not the product. These people posted what seemed like a good price (not ridiculously low) on the Us Dream pedal. It was to be shipped from Japan. They then decided the price was an error and canelled my order. This kind of crap makes me wanna stop shopping on Amazon.com because the item was less than $4.00 under the next best posted price and these 3rd party sellers Yorozuya Yokoshima were afraid they wouldn't make a killing on the item. I am thoroughly disgusted with this sort of behavior. I lost a lot of faith in the whole process of buying online over this incident.
Reputedly the Joyo Us Dream is a copy of the Suhr Riot distortion pedal. After watching a side by side comparison on Youtube, I decided to buy one.I would describe the Us Dream as sounding like a bright Proco Rat with a little less sustain and a much tighter low end. It has an MXR style enclosure (that means you have to remove the back plate to change batteries) and a surprisingly narrow sweet spot. But for $48 dollars I'm  happy with purchase.
Dirt box gold for under 50 bucks! Highly adjustable tone, volume and distortion level that won't tank your amplifier tone, while letting you get between everything from back alley blues to blistering metal. I love this pedal!!! The true bypass is a bonus if you are in love with your amp's tone, but lose it when you engage your pedal. Not anymore. I know there are some great distortion pedals on the market, but you won't find this quality and tone at a better price. Joyo win.Sorry OS-2 - it's pawnshop time for you!
The US Dream is supposed "clone" of the Suhr Riot, and is the only one of the "new" model Joyo pedals that I own.  This is a high-gain distortion pedal that covers the gain range of something like a ProCo Rat, but retains its clarity even at higher gain settings.When I first pulled it out of the box and plugged in, it sounded great, but I wondered if it might be a little bright.  I was pleasantly surprised when I rolled back the tone knob to around 10 o'clock, and it rolled off the harsh high end while retaining clarity and fullness.  At least with my setup (Les Paul into a Vox Valvetronix 40-watt), this is one of the few distortion pedals capable of full-sounding power chords and singing high leads.  Unlike some distortion pedals that have a "fizzy" (DS-1) or "cocked wah" sound (Boss Power Stack), I was really pleased with the tone all over the neck of my guitar.While Joyo makes several dozen effects pedals at good prices, this is one of the first three I would recommend, along with the outstanding Ultimate Drive and the warm-sounding Vintage Overdrive.However, it's worth noting that the build quality is a bit suspect on the "new" model Joyo pedals, which are notably lighter than those numbered JF-17 and lower.  The weight is comparable to an MXR '78 Badass Distortion, except the switch and output jacks are more suspect.  Still, if a pedal SOUNDS great and has yet to fail on me, I refuse to trash it in review until something on it actually fails me.  I think if you take care of it and use it reasonably, it should last for awhile, but if it doesn't, being out $55 is still better than being out $100+.
