This thing is really comfortable, holds the weight of my les paul nicely. Its slightly wider than most other straps which helps distribute weight better, I can play for 2+ hours and my shoulders feel fine! I feed the narrow end through 3 of the strap holes and it sits flat and looks good. Well made, feels very strong.  Texture is very nice, doesnt slip.  Overall a very good product.
I usually don't buy many guitar straps, and when I do, I like to get a thick, leather-type one, because I've found any other strap seems to bite into my shoulder after a while, and I don't like having metal pieces on the strap that can scratch up my instruments.  I bought the black version; I think my days of jumping around and sweating while playing are over, so I probably won't worry about running colors (but I will keep an eye out for such a thing).  It's very adjustable (just not quickly adjustable), worked perfectly with my Straplocks, and keeps my 45 pound (it seems like it, anyway) Les Paul from digging into my shoulder.  The 2.5 inch width is fine for me, but if you're spending long hours strapped to a heavy monster, I'd go up to the 3 inch model, especially if you're going to be bouncing around for the greater part of 5 hours.
I am average build and play a strat.  I shouldn't have to feel like this thing just barely fits me.  I wish it had at least one more inch.
this strap works fine on my Fender Strat.  it is reasonably comfortable.  I was disappointed in that it does not fit the pegs of my Zager acoustic.  otherwise,  it works for a lower priced leather guitar strap.
This is an excellent strap.This particular strap replaces a 2 inch wide model that I've had for at least 10 years.  That is a great strap and has held up wonderfully.  I fully expect this strap to match my old one for durability.So why the new strap?* By not using strap locks the area around the strap button holes is much looser than a new one would be.  Since I recently bought a new guitar I wanted a more secure strap without going fully to strap locks. So far so good.* Wider.  I wanted to see if a half inch difference in width made a difference.  Boy does it ever, the new 2.5 strap is really much more comfortable than my old 2 inch model.  It isn't a miracle, but it definitely is noticeable with my 9lb Les Paul.A consideration: This is suede and will fuzz for the first little while.  If that is an issue for you I would avoid this suede strap, and probably suede in general.  After these strap break in though they are very soft and supple.Highly recommended for confort and durability.
What a nice strap! It's a really beautiful deep brown color that really harmonizes with the reddish mahogany back and sides of my dreadnought.The whole strap is leather--no adjustment hardware to scratch your instrument. It took me a little while to get used to this method, but now I don't even think of it. The main strap has several slots cut into it, and there's another piece that threads through the slots and then doubles back over itself to lock into place. It's simple and very secure. It makes adjusting the strap length a bit of a pain, but how often do you adjust your strap length once you've gotten it set? I almost never do.It's an affordable strap that looks elegant, is wide enough to be comfortable with an acoustic guitar, has great length adjustment range, and rolls up to fit in the case. I had to slightly enlarge one of the holes in order to make it fit the strapjack for my guitar--I have a pickup system installed, and the end button is a bit bigger than a standard strap button. Ten seconds with a sharp knife and my strap now fits perfectly. I would buy it again.
Got the black one.  Bought this to help hold up my heavy Sheraton II and needed something at least 2 inches wide and strong to do it.  On that level this strap succeeds. It is definitely strong enough to keep my guitar from falling off or shifting on my shoulder.  It also looks very nice.But any positive thoughts I have about it are outweighed by the constant shedding of black dyed leather that continually falls off the strap and onto me, my guitar, my carpets, etc.I need things like guitar straps to be ready to USE without causing a shower of little leather bits all over the place!  I am not sure how long this will go on but I've been using it for two weeks now and there is a trail of small black leather wherever I go.  I have not encountered the dye running yet.Honestly if I had it to do over, I would skip this particular strap. Suede and me are not getting along too well at the moment.
This is my thrid Levy's strap and it is as good as the rest of them that I have had for a few years. I have this strap in black also and hope this one holds up to the rigors of the others. I have seen on different sites that the dye is thin but I don't see a problem with it so far and I use it regularly. I have it adjusted to the largest size and wished they were a bit longer, but it is a standard size.I prefer this strap over other cheap leather straps because of the build quality and the fact that they are made in Canada and not china or somewhere oversees with cheaper materials. For the price, the strap works well and I would buy more Levy's straps if needed.
This strap is a good quality piece of gear you wont be disappointed. I have these straps on all my gear very well made will last a lifetime!
This is my second black suede leather strap I've bought from Levy's.  I love them.  The 2.5&#34; is wide and comfy.  The strap is soft.  I have had no issues with any residue or the straps falling apart.  They're high quality.  And they offer plenty of length adjustments, without any buckles or metal of any kind.
i got this despite the warnings about it being too short for some people.  The strap is about 6" too short for my Seagull S6 guitar.  I will say the build quality is great but too short, is and remains, too short.  I will keep this item and take it to a shoe shop or saddle repair place and have and extendo put into the strap.  I just can't understand how they can sell this a a guitar strap when it is clearly too short.2/22/2013 I fired off an email to LEVY and the long and "short" of all this is you will have to fork over another $30 to buy an extendo for this strap. I don't quite understand why they don't make the strap long enough to start with other than the fact they can extract another $30 to make it work right in the first place.  here's a link to the extendo optionLEVY'S LEATHERS MMGXL-2.5-BRN STRAP EXTENDER http://www.amazon.com/LEVYS-LEATHERS-MMGXL-2-5-BRN-STRAP-EXTENDER/dp/B00BH5N91E/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1361565768&sr;=8-2&keywords;=MMGXL-2.5  the irony here is I managed to buy the last one for the immediate future.This is just another case of caveat emptor for all buyers to consider. I got the extendo strap and it does not match the original so now I have this cobbled up looking guitar strap. It's sort of like wearing a suede shoe on one foot and a polished leather shoe on the other.  I will keep this strap but sure feel like I've been had on this purchase... the terms bait and switch come to my mind.
Nice strap. Very comfortable. Doesn't cut into your body at any point. Easy to adjust. Worth the price. Would definitely buy another.
For players that want a high quality guitar strap that weighs almost nothing, last forever, stays in place, and has classic good looks there is not a better strap than Levy's natural leather, suede strap (without the piping and stiched edge). The dying of the suede side is deep and flawless and the strap is a quality piece of hide without bulk or unnecessary weight from padding.  Feels great to the touch and you quickly forget that its even touching your shoulder. It can be a little bit of a chore to get strap locks on, but once on I have never had any worries or failures so that my guitars are nick and ding free. Plenty of color choices.  This is a simple, elegant strap that inspires envy.  Planet wave has a nice strap that is the only one I've seen (and owned) that even comes close, but  there is no other suede strap that is even in the same ball park as the Levy MS26.  I own 4 and they are admired by everyone who sees them and slips them over their shoulder.  It could cause you to reconsider use of shoulder straps... It did for me.
A bit too soft but given the fact it does say made of suede you should expect it to be super soft.  Better for lighter guitars IMO
Price is great. Works perfect. Comfortable, and looks sharp. Not the least bit stiff like some leather products. My first experience with Levy, and completely satisfied. Thank you. Wayne
