Not every tune needs tremolo I grant you, but when you need one, this will do the job and them some. Simple controls. The LED pulses with the beat of the unit giving you a visual of the unit's settings at all times. 100% silent switching. In a FX loop, there's not a trace of hiss, hum, or noise in any form. In a chain running into an amp's input, there is a slight volume increase. Not much, but a little. No big deal really, unless you're a real tone freak. There is no change in tone or any form of loss when in use. Being a true bypass, it changes nothing when off either. The box is ultra solid. The jacks are all metal. The switch is stout. In short, this is a solid performing pedal that gives a nice clean, warm, tremolo that cannot be beat at three times the cost of this unit. It it anchored to my board! It is not going to come off because it's that good. Besides, how can you turn down a deal like this and get a pedal that has a crouching pitbull on it???
I purchased this pedal recently, a bit skeptical with such a low price tag; however, I was completely impressed with it. I don't use a tremolo effect often, but when I do I just need some subtle, shimmering swells. This box does the trick. Construction wise it is housed in an all metal chasis. The knobs feel sturdy enough and the button seems strong - by the way, it is true bypass which is nice. It doesn't seem to affect my tone when I kick it on, no volume or tone changes, just the tremolo effect. And, silly enough, the yellow paint looks cool on my pedal board. I don't know if I will purchase other joyo effects, but I am impressed with this one. 5 stars.
This is a very good piece of equipment for its price. Used mildly, it gives the sound a more natural feel.
It is built like a tank, but it quit working after a couple of weeks. I haven't made time trouble shoot it yet, so I'm not sure what component has failed.
Pretty cool knock-off of the Schaller trem or Diaz Tremodillo. This is my 2nd or 3rd Joyo pedal, and my favorite thus far. I don't care for the cheap jacks, but you get what you pay for, and I can always replace them if they break (I work on pedals all the time).I've got a scratchbuilt improved EA Trem (with two footswitchable speeds) and a cheap little Danelectro Tuna Melt. Other than the crummy bypass and plastic construction, the Tuna Melt is my favorite since it has the hard/soft switch. The improved EA has a great preamp for guaranteed unity gain (or more), and the footswitchable speeds that I added gives it extra flexibility. But I think the Joyo trumps it by just a little bit in that the core trem sound is a nice blend of the Tuna Melt's hard and soft settings.So part of this is really a subjective take on this flavor of trem, but suffice it to say if you've tried a few, this one will probably satisfy you at least a bit. No unity gain issues, and the speed and depth have a good sweep throughout their ranges.And it's just a niggle, but how hard would it be to get the word &#34;tremolo&#34; silkscreened so that it's centered on the box? At least there's no skull and flames like on the High Gain Distortion.
This pedal gives me a whole range of tremolo to choose from. From subtle warm tones to psychedelic waves of volume all for only $40! And it's built tough like a good effects pedal should be: full metal case and solid construction, an all around great buy
This product is bad quality because the noise it makes. It increases the volume so much that it is better not to use it at all. I'm going to sell this product. I didn't like it.
The joyo tremolo is awesome, best for the buck. It's just as good as any, I love the joyo pedals. affordable and doesn't break the bank
For most guitarists, tremolo is a very simple effect.  You simply want a pedal to control swells or oscillations in volume to give your tone a "shimmering" effect.  It's used in subtle fashion in everything from to 50's/60's rock and surf guitar to modern "indie" rock.  But most guitarists (like me) were never going to shell out $100 (or more) for a Boss or other expensive tremolo option.  In fact, there really weren't that many affordable tremolo pedals on the market.Enter the Joyo JF-09 Tremolo.  This pedal is simple, durable, affordable ($40 - $45), and it just works.  The only two controls are for Intensity (depth of the volume swells) and Rate (how fast the swells cycle).  The LED light dims rhythmically along with the "Rate" control, which is a nice visual indicator.As for the sound - the pedal sounds great.  It doesn't color or diminish your tone in any way.  I'm not a "tremolo expert", but the effect sounds as it should.  If you're the type to obsess over tremolo, then you probably aren't looking to save money anyway, and there are $200 boutique options from Catalinbread and others that have tap input and other features.  I'm not particularly interested in those, so the lack of those on the Joyo won't detract from my score.Regarding the quality and durability of Joyo pedals, there's a lot of discussion about that, but also some misinformation.  I've personally owned 7 of them at one point or another (yes, I like them that much), and I've yet to have one fail.  The early run of Joyo pedals is actually quite durable, and includes the JF-09 Tremolo and every pedal numbered from JF-01 through JF-17.  The more recent models numbered higher than that are all similar in appearance, and while many of them still sound great, they feel lighter, "cheaper", and the switch is a little more suspect.  I recommend ordering through a vendor that ships from the U.S., rather than trying to save a few bucks on a direct shipment from China.  Many of the U.S. vendors will test the pedal out before shipping it, which is a huge advantage.Highly recommended!
