Its a good amp im happy with it. The high gain is not the best a lot of unwated noise even while playing and i see a few people on here have had the same problem. But i mostly play punk/hardcore and blues which is does very well. So when im in a metal mood i use a BOSS metal zone pedal on a clean BUTCHER seting and no unwated noise even at loud volumes. so its good amp i just wish i didn't need to use pedals to get good metal sound thats why i got this amp so could get rid of my pedals o well
I have the Fender Mustang IV and I would say the fender is a superior modeling amp, but if you want to use an amp for bass and acoustic guitar as well as a modeling amp this is the amp to get. The bass sounds great and when I played Here Comes the Sun on my acoustic, I'd swear the tone sounded like the Beatles record. The modeling sound is ok  and they tell me there's a looper here but i'd have to pay an  extra $120 for a pedal to access it. Oops, there goes a star for the con job. Peavey could have easliy included or at least offered a pedal for much less. I'll wait and pick up a pedal used in the future.
Great little amp. I replaced a 35 year old Fender chorus with this. No comparison. I have it below 1 on the volume and it is still loud. The factory setup is great, but you can set it up anyway you want it.
This is an awesome amp. There are SO many settings on this amp you could spend hours with news sounds and effects, so sick! It's fun experimenting with different effects and mixing them to something new. Sometime I want to get the pedal for this amp to preset effects I like. Great amp if you're just looking for something to either mess around on or practice with. I play a lot of different songs on my electric guitars and this amp makes it really fun. I would recommend this to a beginner to an advanced player.
VERY VERY loud electric guitar amp! As a bass player, I was shocked that 40W could be that loud for guitar. I can't raise the volume above 1 in my house. When you switch it to acoustic or bass mode, the volume decreases dramatically, but it is a great amp for guitar players who also play bass occasionally.Excellent top quality features. Beautiful sound for each of the different modes. The acoustic setting really made my cheap electric guitar SOUND like it was an actual acoustic. The amp simulation is top notch.Awesome value for the price!Edit: I've played through it more as a bass amp and after turning some dials and trying out the different settings....I'm even MORE impressed. One of the reasons the volume for bass was so much lower was that the default gain is at zero. I brought the pre and post gain up to a reasonable level and BOOM....huge sound. I play with a 18 piece dance band and usually bring my Hartke kickback for that group. After experimenting more, I would not hesitate to use the Peavey for rehearsals and performances with that band.I still can't get over the fact that it is a 40W amp. The sound is enormous and clean for that much wattage.
