Highest quality guitar I've ever seen in this price range. It looks, feels, and sounds amazing!! A+ I bought two
I didn't want to spend too much $$ for a guitar that I wasn't sure if I would like it or not. There were a few at the local music store but 3 times the price. They were good quality and if this didn't work out then I would have probably gone that route. To my surprise, this guitar exceeds all my expectations for an acoustic guitar. The only downfall was that the frets were sharp on the one side of the guitar. The local shop only charged me $5 to shave them down. I replaced the strings right away. I'm completely satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it. Definitely worth the price you pay.
This was my first acoustic guitar, and I've received some surprised looks about its tone and play-ability -- both from from my luthier (who used to be a tech at Martin) to a couple pro players with 30-40+ years respectively under their belts. It's light, comfortable, well made, has a fast neck, and is just marvelous in every way for a beginner like myself. Wonderfully priced. I was expecting to be disappointed, but didn't want to invest in a new hobby until I was sure I'd stick with it.It's possible that I just lucked out with a good one. After a year of playing my Jasmine, I have no urge to upgrade to anything else. Will confess that I'd like a 12-string, but that's another animal.I am too new and inexperienced with acoustics to be able to really define the sonic quality of this guitar compared to more expensive models (I'm more of an electric guy), but for me in my ignorant state, it's 5 stars without hesitation.I did need to have it set up, however, and the stock strings on mine were in poor condition. Don't recall if I purchased it on Amazon. In any event, a $30-$50 trip to the luthier with new strings, and it felt like a guitar far in excess of $100. It has stayed in tune quite nicely, and I often change tunings (standard, mostly Eb, occasional full step down, Open D, G and others).No fret buzz, and I just love the feel of the neck. I do wish the body was a tad thinner as I have shoulder problems, but I'm sure a thinner body or shallow bowl would sacrifice bass and richness. Nice and light, however, and perfect for carrying on your back.By the way, I have the model with the black pickguard -- the one pictured looks similar in every other way. Quite sure it's the same model.
It is taking a chance on ordering a guitar online!I took the chance and got what most of the reviews already shared.Here's my take-PROS:- Cheap! $90 is very inexpensive for a guitar!- Well packaged for shipping- Arrived 1 day early- Fair quality. This is not a top of the line or even middle of the line guitar. It is a cheap guitar that does have some decent craftsmanship, but not stellar.- Good sound! This does have a very good sound- with new strings of course- Size: This is not a full size guitar, but larger than a 3/4. It is a "concert" size which I like!- It is a cut-away design without electronics! This combo is very rare!- Fair to good wood materials and furniture- Good design! This guitar sounds good, feels good, looks very good.- Matte finish: this comes with a matte finish, not shiny- I like thatCONS:- Strings- corroded poor quality strings- neck condition: Neck has slight bend, I needed to adjust the truss and file a few frets. There is still a slight dip and bump at the 12th fret causing fret buzz.- frets are not smoothed on ends- neck surface is not sanded well but smooth enoughI like this guitar. It's very inexpensive, needs a little work, sounds very good. I hope this information help you make an informed choice about a guitar purchase.
I've played the guitar for a number of years, some of them professionally, and during that time I've owned guitars by Fender, Gibson, Ovation, B.C. Rich, Yamaha and Applause. That said, admittedly, this guitar was purchased with the intention of it being a cheap, expendable guitar that was reasonably playable, that I could take with me when I go camping. While my expectations weren't all that high due to guitar's price, upon reading other reviews and having experienced Takamine's quality, I decided to gave this Jasmine a try.  I'm glad I did - what a nice guitar it turned out to be! Out of the box, the fit and matte finish were impressive. The neck action was nicely set up, the intonation is spot-on and the guitar has a rich sound and tone.  The tuning pegs work smoothly and the guitar stays in tune nicely.  Note that I changed strings from the set provided to a set of extra-light gauge strings just as a personal preference and that the guitar features a black pick guard not shown in some product photos. The Jasmine S34C NEX is truly an impressive guitar for the price.
This guitar sounds awesome and stays in tune very well. I am now a fan of Takamine. Their is nothing bad I can say about this guitar and I would take this guitar anywhere. This is my 4th guitar I have bought and is by far my favorite guitar. I have 2 electric guitars and now 2 acoustic, this being the second acoustic. I wanted a cheap guitar I could take anywhere and not have to worry about it being scratched up, except I got the guitar and looks too nice to let get beat up. People are complaining about the guitar not having a glossy finish. It wasn't supposed to be glossy to give it a richer look. If this guitar was glossy it wouldn't be as nice sounds stupid but it is true. You have to see the guitar face to face to understand what I mean. This guitar I would recommend to anyone. I am trying to get my friends to buy one so can all have a acoustic guitar, lol. Thank You!!!!!!
I have played the guitar for nearly 50 years now, and wanted an inexpensive small-body steel-string guitar to keep out for informal practice and noodling. This one fills the bill pretty well. Build quality is quite good (made in Indonesia, not China as I had expected), and the intonation is perfect. The finish has a hard matte surface that will probably wear well. A pick guard is present, but when I removed the plastic shipping protector, the entire guard came up with it. The adhesive residue comes right off, so I will play the guitar without a pickguard. Bracing is light -- the entire guitar is light. The body is a bit larger in the lower bout than I expected, but it sits on the lap more comfortably than a dreadnought.I take issue with some reviewers' suggestions that this would be a good beginner guitar right out of the box. The string spacing at the nut is narrower than it should be for the width of the neck, cramping the fingers. The nut should be replaced with one that spaces the strings across the fingerboard just a little more. The action may be lowered by shaving the bridge saddle very carefully, and just a little at a time. This work will cost as much as the guitar cost if you take it to a luthier, but if you can do it yourself, will improve the playability of the instrument.The strings supplied on the guitar were tinny and cheap, so I replaced them with a set of D'Addario EJ-16 Light Phosphor-Bronze. The improvement in tone was immediate -- this little guitar sounds pretty darn good. All in all, with some careful modification, this is a good guitar for the beginner or casual player, and a very acceptable one for the experienced guitarist who can do a little modification him/herself.
As a beginner playing guitar I was looking for something mid range and this is it.  It holds tune and has not failed yet.  Since I am just starting it gets a lot of use with practice.  As I get better I will upgrade.So far the only maintenance has been to tune it and clean the strings and that is normal.
I hadn't played guitar in a number of years and decided to get back into it. Having had carpal tunnel surgery a few months ago, and having small hands to begin with, I started researching guitars with narrow necks. The Jasmine by Takamine kept coming up and had really good reviews, so I decided to give it a try, buying the S34C. Firstly, it was delivered promptly as requested, and arrived in pristine condition, with some really nice strings. It has a lovely honey gold finish on the front of the body, which had attracted me to the guitar in the first place. I really appreciate the cutaway. How many high notes will I be hitting on this baby? Who knows, but it looks WAY cool, LOL! The craftsmanship, at least to my unpracticed eyes, looks superb. I wasn't too crazy about the pickguard with all the lettering on it, but finally figured out the lettering was just a sticker that could be easily removed. And the sound...just lovely, with that ringing tonality one would expect from a steel string guitar, but with some lovely mellow tones where needed as well. I am so jazzed about how wonderful this guitar is, I'm taking online video lessons and learning a storm of chords and fingering techniques! Hey, I don't expect to be a Leo Kottke or Martin Simpson anytime soon, but I've got something to shoot for, and we all need a dream! If you're looking for a great guitar at a very reasonable price, look no further. Oh, the reason why I only gave it four stars is cuz the neck really doesn't seem to be all that narrow after all. But, maybe it's just my small kid-like hands. Thumb to little finger, I can barely reach an octave on piano. And there ya go!
I don't own one, but have been playing my sister-in-law's for the last year when visiting. Didn't know much about the guitar, but was quite impressed by the sound and workmanship. Changed the strings, and, other than the action being a little high, it's as good as anything I've played for under $500. I honestly thought it cost around $350, so I was quite surprised seeing it for sale for less than $100. It's definitely a great value.In part because of my experience with this guitar, I purchased a Takamine G Series 12-string last year, (for considerably more money), and it's simply incredible.
Bought a Takamine 40 years ago. It was an exceptional guitar for which I paid $125. Adjusted for inflation, that would be $800 when I bought this Jasmine.I got a superb machine for the money. Simply superb.  It's not my old Takamine, but the negative differences are slight, and there are only two of them three days into my acquaintance with this guitar.The first is that the finish is not as good. The sanding between coats was skimped, which means that the finish on the front has some texture; the sides of the guitar are also a bit rough.The second probably flows from the first.  The tone is a touch wooden; it doesn't sing as the old Taka did.Positives: the intonation is true at the twelfth fret, and it is playable (and enjoyable to play) with a slide. After the first tune-up of the strings, it stayed in tune.For its price, this guitar is a superb introduction to playing.A very young child, or a small woman, will find this guitar a bit large and deep for true playing comfort. For everyone else, it should fit pretty comfortably.The intonation is true at the twelfth fret, and it is playable (and enjoyable to play) with a slide. After the first tune-up of the strings, it stayed in tune.Any beginner, and more than a few cost-sensitive intermediate players, will be pleased with this guitar.
I bought this as a deployment that was shipped to afghanistan from amazon. I wasn't planning on using this as anything but a practice guitar. The way the military palletizes all of its cargo, I figured there was about a fifty percent chance it would arrive in a flattened box with wooden splinters sticking out of it, but I took the chance anyway. It arrived intact, and ready to play. The strings are a bit cheap, but the guitar itself is well made, and has a really nice rich tone. I was planning on giving it away when I left, but I am shipping it home instead, and it wioll cost me almost the price of the guitar to mail it home, but it is worth it. This one has worked out so well I am taking a chance on a 12 string, soon to arrive in Theater.
It's kind of pointless to add yet another review to an item that has already received hundreds of (mostly) positive reviews already. But I can't help it - I like this guitar. Quite simply, this is a really nice guitar. Is it $750 nice? No. But for less than $100, nice doesn't even describe it.My Jasmine arrived well packaged including double boxing.  The outside box had a little damage, but the guitar was well protected inside, so no problem.Since I'd read a few reviews commenting on flaws in the finish, one of the first things I did was check it out thoroughly. Nope, no flaws noticeable to me.  Kind of a satin "laid back" finish that feels good and looks nice.  Oh, but I did immediately remove the pick guard.  It just peeled off without damaging the finish underneath and (in my opinion) it looks better without it.Other reviews had complained about a too-low action. But mine seems dead on.  Of course action height is more a personal preference than any hard and fast rule. But even so, there's really no way anyone could characterize mine as too low.Some mentioned rusty strings.  Not on mine. The strings looked fine, and after the usual breaking in period have maintained tune very well.And of course the guitar sounds good.  Again, maybe not $750 good, but at least $250-300 good. And certainly better than I expected it to sound at that price.So, if you want a nice sounding, decent looking, inexpensive guitar - you've found it.  Stop wasting time. Just click the buy it button.
I bought my son a thousand dollar Epiphone limited edition electric guitar for his birthday just a few months ago, so when he told me he would like an acoustic guitar for Christmas, I told him an expensive one was not in our budget.We went to the local music store and tried out several models but he kept coming back to this one. The sound was absolutely fabulous, much better than his current acoustic guitar that cost more than twice as much as this one.The store manager told us that for the price this guitar cannot be beat and that he bought one for his son as well. In my opinion, this was as good as other brands costing three times as much. I'm not sure how Takamine is making these quality guitars for so little money, but if you're looking for a starter guitar, or just looking to add another guitar to your collection, this would make an excellent choice.I inspected the guitar we took home and found a few places where the finish was not quite as smooth as the rest of the guitar, but overall the quality and sound cannot be beat for this price.We also went with this cutaway version so my son can have easier access to the higher frets vs. theJasmine by Takamine S35 Acoustic Guitar, Natural.
Has a good sound. Stays in tune.  Wish it came in a darker grain of wood.  A little bulky,  My arm goes to sleep sometimes after extended playing,  wish it was a little thiner.  I bought it because I wanted a cutaway and this was a decent price.
A value and a half. If you need a beater this is it. It plays great,  great fret job and solid tone. Have recommended to several students. This guitar pays better than some 3 times is value!
I got tired of flying with my guitar everytime I go visit my parents.  Besides the risk to my guitar, there is the cost.  For the price I paid for this guitar, I will be money ahead in two visits to my parents.  I had it shipped to my parents when I bought it, and they are keeping it there for me for my future visits.  It has much better tone than I expected, and very good action.  Stays in tune very well.  I am very happy with my purchase.  Recommending it to my friends who need a second guitar for the beach or the tailgate party.
Love , love this guitar.Little bit modify at the bridge will make great guitar.Nicely sound it gave(up on what brand of strings you use).Price also great with budget.Worth every penny.Best recommended for starters, intermediate and pro player.Get it one you will love it.
I was thrilled when my guitar arrived and even more so after I tuned it and began to play.My guitar is absolutely beautiful. The finish is flawless. And it's got that new guitar smell...ahhhhhh.It does have a pick guard (that is not shown in the photo on any website or in any catalog) which pleases me. It would be a shame to scratch the surface while strumming with a heavier pick. I read one review on a music vendor's website where the reviewer complained about Takamine and Jasmine printed all over the pick guard. And they were right about that...but I found it very easy to remove all these words by simply peeling off this protective sticker. Dah.The strings are a little heavier than I like but I'll be changing them in a few weeks anyway.The sound and craftsmanship is anything but what you would expect from such an affordable guitar and everything you'd expect to pay more for. It has a rich, full bodied sound.I am now a diehard Takamine fan.
As title says:1) High Action2) Inadequate Loudness for pickingI compared this to the Mitchell MD100 and think the Mitchell is very good for it's price.You can compare both at guitar center.
well.. First of all, I am a beginner.. I do not know anything about guitar... I saw that some people complain about the corroded strings and buzzing frets... Mine came yesterday and I am afraid that it would have issue, so I brought it to school and let my professor checked for me.. It surprised me because mine does not have any issue at all.. The string does not corroded, but I changed mine anyway. The fret does not have any issue at all.. and the Truss rod adjustment is perfect.. The action is low and the guitar structure is perfect. When my professor starts playing it, he was surprised by the sound it produced. He thought the guitar cost $300 above!!... He also bought one this morning...haha...anyways, I buy it from amazon and the packaging is great!!...My guitar comes in a perfect condition, and I strongly recommended this guitar for anybody!!...
Right out of the box this guitar was flawless. I played it with the strings it came with (to inspect intonation-fret buzz etc. the old strings would work for set-up if needed) and the intonation (harmonics at the 12 fret exactly matched the fretted note at the 12th fret) was dead on. Absolutely no fret buzz even at the 21st fret. I have been playing guitar for 40 years and I have seen my fair share of acoustic guitars in that time. To say this is a beautiful playing and sounding instrument just doesn't do it justice. I have played many expensive acoustic guitars that didn't sound or play as well as this even after set-up. The lows are nice and clear and the highs are clear without sounding "tinny" or banjo like. A very well built, great sounding guitar. For the price you can't go wrong. I would recommend this guitar to novices and pros. I was not expecting a guitar of this quality for such a low price. 100% satisfied. Rock on Jasmine!!
