I normally use nylon picks but do some songs with flatpicking intros and the nylons were to flappy. These picks keep a nice bright tone, very little friction on the strings - so low string noise. Enough grip to stay put in hands well too.
I've been buying Dunlop pick for at least 15 years now, and I love the feel and the grip. The picks last for a really long time, and I would recommend getting several thickness' for different applications. But for sitting in a room playing around, with my acoustics and electric guitars this is a decent all round pick
I tried this but ended up going back to Tortex.  I like the satin finish on the Tortex better and the way it bends.  The Ultex has a little brighter attack though and wears out less quickly.  Ultex sounds more like the Fender celluloid.
Sounds great. I own 5 different gauges. I like the gripping surface. .90 is my favorite gauge and the rounded tip is super fast.
Guitar picks make a huge part of your tone.  Especially on acoustic.  These are the best acoustic picks on the market today in my opinion.  They have a long life and do brighten your tone.  Freshening up the picks is easy just by rubbing them on your carpet or  carpet scrap to bring back the original shape.
These are nice, I like the 1.14 rigidity and these are just fine for me... you will wear them out on acoustics though if you are a more aggressive player as I am.  Once these are worn, as with most picks, they sound considerably different.  Much more grainy and tin-y but that may be a plus for you?  I also like the side edges for a real mellow and / or speeding picking style.  They stay in your fingers well.
The grip is excellent. But I prefer the 1.14 Sharps over these. These are sturdy and look like I won't be needing another set for quite some time
We all have different tastes in guitar picks, I know,  As I wrote elsewhere, the Dunlop Tortex are awful for acoustic, in my opinion.  These Ultex are much better.  Not as noisy, better feel.  Still not my favorites.  I'll have them with me for spares.
I bought the wrong gauge. I read a review that said that you should get a size less then you really want but they are wrong. I bought the .90 gauge at Guitar Center and love them. These were made for that Dave Mustain muted crunch sound. I don't know if I will use these forever but for right now I love them. Just hard enough for speed picking but light enough to stay in your hand without moving around like 1 mils do.Dunlop Ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new.Buy em!!!!
I love the pick attack with these.  I have used almost everything out there over 20 years of playing and have settled on this pick as my go-to choice for acoustic guitar.
Didn't think I'd be compelled to review something like a guitar pick, but the Dunlop Ultex has really impressed me thus far.  I use the .60 thickness, which is equivalent to the orange plastic Dunlop pick.  The orange pick is my favorite for acoustic and most electric playing, but they do wear down and fray on the edges, and have a little more friction that I'd like.This Ultex seems very resistant to wear and has surprisingly little drag over the string.  I find the matte finish very easy to grip and hold.  It gives just enough to use for smooth strumming, while being rigid enough for individual notes.Some reviewers have noted that they crack after some use.  If that turns out to be a problem, I might reconsider my review.  But out of the box, they perform as well as any pick I have used!
Grabbed these on impulse as I needed some new ones. Normally I used the old Fender Medium or Heavy picks, but I gotta say these are great. Stiff but flexible enough to maneuver plus they glide nicely. Not sure what could be said to prove it, but they just feel great.
I've used the Tortex picks for a while now, and have been really happy with them. This pick however, takes it to the next level. Very strong and great bite for a relatively thin pick. I use the .73 for acoustic and the same holds true. Great product.
