After returning the Pedaltrain Jr (too small), I received the Pedaltrain 2 with Soft Case, and it fits the bill perfectly. I am using a Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus unit, and had some minor issues getting the plug-ins to line up with the cutouts on the board itself. As the other user here mentions, the cutouts on the board are slightly too close together. You can center the Voodoo in such a way to make sure both plugs are useable, but the overall install is not 100% in-line.I did not run into any connector issues mentioned by the other user review here, using the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus system. All connectors that came with the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus, fit perfectly, and there are no clearance issues. One quick PRO-TIP: Leave the Connector Brackets slightly loose when installing your Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus, as this will let you make fine adjustments, once the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus is dropped into the back of the Pedaltrain. Once this are lined up to your liking, or as close as possible, based on the narrow cutouts, then you can tighten your brackets screws all the way down, and then use a punch to mark your indented drill holes. There is a pretty decent video on Youtube by Pedaltrain, which will help with the process. My only small complaint is that they don't use a center punch. You should always use something to create a starter divot, especially when working with soft metals.Overall, this is a great pedalboard. I am running Boss TR-2, Boss OD-3, MXR Dyna Comp, MXR Phase 100, Dunlop Crybaby, EH Cathedral Reverb, and EH Stereo Memory Man w/ Harzai, and there is plenty of breathing room. Nothing is cramped, and there is plenty of space for patch and power cable routing. The board I received came supplied with plenty of soft-sided velcro. There is another review here where the user states they didn't receive enough velcro. I cut 4 22&#34; strips for each of the cross bars, and still had about 6&#34; of soft-sided velcro left over.
I've been playing guitar for over 30 years both teaching & performing and never used a pedalboard. I used to carry the FX's in a briefcase and setup the ones I needed. I'm old school when it comes to these boxes... I run compression, wah, overdrive, super-overdrive, delay & reverb pretty much in that order. Sometime I use a phaser or a tremolo... I also have a few distortion pedals laying around as well but don't use them much. I currently have 8 pedals setup on this board. I have room for one maybe two more. The board itself is built like a tank and travels well. The bag that comes with it is road worthy for local gigs but I wouldn't take it on tour without a metal case. I did go ahead and Velcro down all the pedals that I always use leaving a little room for add ins. Be sure you want to Velcro down the FX chain because to get the best, most secure, it won't fall off the board when you pick it up off the floor...I found that I had to remove all the rubber feet from each pedal. The Velcro is very strong and may test the durability of some of your cheaper pedals. Use great care when removing them from the board as you can easily rip the backs off of some of them. Low end wah pedals and boxes made out of plastic be warned....Boss, MXR, Mod Tone and other high end, well made pedals work best once set on the board. You can run any number of power sources to it. There is plenty of room for all my needed connections...I leave the choice of that to you the reader.At the end of the day it's easier for me to move my FX pedals around and setup on the gig is in minutes. Plus it looks much cleaner and gives me a little more room on tiny stages and less chance of tripping over a cable.. I'm very happy with this product and would replace it should anything happen to it.
If you are familiar with the Pedaltrain products, you know how solid this product is. If you are new to effects, it comes with plenty of velcro to mount pedals and brackets to mount a power brick (they have a deal with Voodoo so those bricks are will always fit). Keep in mind you will have to drill holes for the brackets, they are not predrilled.The duffel bag that it comes with has lots of padding and pockets and is pretty durable. If you have a power strip, it won't fit around the edges of the bag; the fit inside the bag is snug. That said, I have a couple extra pedals not on my board that will fit in the pouch on the side along with strings and cables.
This pedal board replaced a bcb6 boss case because I have a lot of non-Boss pedals and wanted to start using them for gigs.The PT2 footprint is large enough to accommodate a lot of pedals but not too big for a smaller gig, except some of the smallest "stages" (room corners) that do require a smaller rig.Without going into specifics there was a zipper issue on the soft case.  I wrote the company, described the problem.  Lizzie wrote back and said she'd take care of it. You just don't get better service than this company provides.  Combine that with the great product design and I'm a happy customer.The larger boards give you the option of installing a dedicated power supply underneath.  This is one of its best features.  Truly plug and play.  Yes, I spent more than I ever have on a pedal board before.  Portability.  Reliability.  Flexibility.  If I was ever going to use my best pedals for gigs, this was it.I have tried SKB and Furman and they have some nice features, if you like a lot of plastic.  I still like the PT2 much better.
I had a custom-made pedalboard, made with wood also, it was great in therms of protecting my pedals and with the space but maan it was heavy, only with 7 pedals and that was getting me problems with my back and shoulders... with this i have 13 pedals and i wont say that its not heavy bcuz it is, but is the same weight but i got 13 pedals!! Thats a huge difference.... the only thing that i maybe dont like is the bag, i know it wont last A LOT OF TIME, but in general is the best pedalboard ive had and i wont change it.. maybe for another bigger like the pt3 but still gonna get pedaltrain... the best
Once you place the pedals on it, it's kinda heavy...but it won't hurt your back. I arranged 11 pedals on the frame and they fit perfectly.No brainer, built to last and the carrying case it's outstanding.Cheers!!!!
My issue with the Pedaltrain 2 is the accommodation of a power supply. I have a Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus.The documentation that comes with this pedalboard specifically states that this power supply mounts under the board, and it even includes mounting brackets that fit this power supply. However, if you actually try to mount it to the underside of the board as suggested, you're in for an unpleasant surprise.First of all, regarding the two circular holes on the front of the board. The fitment to the power supply is there... sort of. There's no way to align them perfectly because the holes on the pedaltrain 2 are slightly too close together. I wasn't worried about this, since I doubt I'll ever chain them and only have access to 1 outlet.The second issue is, the allegedly self-tapping screws that come with the mounting kit strip as though they were made of butter. Once you've got them in (or attempted to do so), they're never coming out. You'll probably have to break them. It's a shame to have cut corners on something so inexpensive.The main issue I have with this board relating to my Voodoo Lab power supply is this. Once you get the power supply mounted properly on the underside of the board (it can only go one place), you begin to plug in your pedals and you discover that the cables supplied with the power supply don't fit the mounting location on this board. You can't plug them in because there's not enough clearance between the frame of the pedalboard and the sockets the cables plug in to.I really only bought this pedalboard because of the supposed perfect compatibility with the Voodoo Lab power supply I own, but given that it doesn't fit like it's supposed to, I wish I could return this board - except I can't, because it now has holes drilled in it. (You have to drill the board to mount the power supply underneath it.)Basically, I paid $100 for a plain flat sheet metal metal rectangle and a couple rolls of velcro. Needless to say, I'm not very pleased.
Comes with all the Velcro you can need Very simple to set up even for me ( a newbie)I got the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2  to go along with it Although you have to drill 4 holes into the pedalboad to mount it its pretty simple.
This product is great. You can have a lot of pedals including big ones and volume/wah pedals. Read the description so you can have a sense of size. Tue quality is very nice, solid and resistible. The soft case is very nice also.
Tried several of pedaltrain in the past (pt-3 too bulky, and pt-jr a little to small), this one holds my pedals perfectly. Simple & light. I love it!
I returned the SKB PS-45 and got the PT-2 as a replacement.  The SKB is a well built board, but the Pedaltrain boards are simply the best functional design available, period!!  And designing them with the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power in mind is stroke of genius.  Providing the brackets to mount......another brilliant stroke.  This is a no-brainer.  This is your best option for a top flight pedalboard.  Great job!
