It's sturdy, and holds even a heavy mic in any desired position. I'm using it with a Samson Meteor USB mic (which required some adaptation due to the Meteor's short body), which is a heavy cast-metal mic. No stability problems whatsoever.
This boom has cleaned up my desk quite a bit and is great value for the price/performance ratio. I have an AT 4033 in it and it holds it in place with no problems. Wish I would have known about it sooner.
I had been using a full boom mic stand at my studio desk, and since it was off to the side, made it tuff to watch the level meters. This clamp-on boom serves the purpose, but has a hard time holding the weight of my Shure KSM 32 condenser mic. I tuck the goose neck of the pop filter under it, to keep it from sagging. Very affordable, and I found a work around for the weight issue. I wouldn't recommend this if you're doing a lot of recording, but it is sufficient for my home studio.
This arm hold the weight of a ATR2100 microphone fine. It stays where you put it and it works as you would expect. The packaging was damaged and it was shipped just in a plastic shipping bag but it works. The shock mount is the same as one of the low end on stage shock mounts. I did have to slightly bend out the lower bit of the frame to allow it to freely move towards and away from me. However it works great. Not too big and gets the job done.Tip, just take something you can wrap a smaller mic in to get it to fit. My ATR2100 is a 2 inch diameter mic and this shockmount is probably meant for around 3 inches. I just wrapped it with bicycle handlebar padding and it works great.
straight out of the box this product reeked cheap. No directions inside or on the box. I messed with it for about 5 minutes. I would not trust it with a heavy or expensive mic. I read the description but it did not say cheap. Live and learn.
There's no way to attach the shock mount to it (screws for securing it aren't provided, the holes dont match up, etc...Oh well, I went with a standard microphone tripod behind my computer desk instead.I'll come up with a use for this arm later otherwise I'd have returned it.Will NOT hold a Blue Yeti / Yeti Pro microphone. Just an FYI
