I have both the Fostex PM0.5 MKII and the BX5a Deluxe for a while now.  While the BX5a tends to get higher review rating and is more popular, I personally prefer the PM0.5 due to its having more bass & volume.  Both models cost about the same, with the PM0.5 roughly $20 cheaper.The PM0.5 is bigger, heavier, has a heat sink in the back, with a combo XLR/TRS jack.  While the BX5a has a bigger tweeter, separate XLR & TRS jacks.  Construction-wise, both are well-made.  If you plan to share the same monitor between 2 difference sources, then the separate input of the BX5a is more convenient (you can always get a Y-adapter to support 2 inputs on the PM0.5).The BX5a has more clarity & boosted details, but is more on a tinny side.  The PM0.5 has more boom but less treble.  I guess the difference is due to the size of the tweeter and the length of the bass port (the BX5a has larger tweeter & 1 rear bass port, while the PM0.5 has 2 front bass ports).  Sounds coming out of the PM0.5 resemble more of the ambience of my car & home stereo than the BX5a.For my home-studio purpose, I like the warmer sound of the PM0.5 more.  I do use them to watch movie once in a while, and the PM0.5 is more suitable as the main speakers, while the BX5a is better placed for surround speakers.For further references, I have placed audio samples of a song I wrote & arranged (so there won't be any copyright violation issue), re-recorded with an AKG C414B condenser mic, placed at same height as the tweeter, normalized to -15dB.  Hope they'll help making your choice easier (instead of having to buy both like I did :)[...]
These speakers worked great for 14 months. Last week (4/8/13), one of them wouldn't power up all the way. The problem is getting worse every time I try to use them, and it's just a matter of time before it stops working.  It seems there is a problem with the capacitors that I did read about in a few reviews. I took a chance on the monitors anyway, and it was a huge mistake. I only use them between 2 and 4 hours per week. I contacted M-Audio's online support system and was given addresses to two electronics repair shops. One on the East coast and one on be west coast. I've since found many complaints about this same issue all over the Internet and on the M-Audio support site. M-Audio doesn't stand behind their products, and I'll never purchase anything from them again.
I've used these on the reg for a year.  Obviously there are better sounding monitors out there, but these are really great for what you pay for IMO.I'd recommend these to someone trying to save some money.UPDATEtwo years in with continued regular use.  they sound just as good as they did a year ago.
My old pair of JBL Studio Pro computer monitors finally gave up the ghost. At the time, mid 1990's, these were the best you could expect for computer monitors. I do mixing and voice overs, so I needed the real deal. After extensive research and listening, I decided on the M-Audio BX5a deluxe. For the price they can not be beat! Punchy crisp bass, smooth highs and great mid range. They are also very accurate, I hear things just the way they are recorded. They also bring to light subtleties in old CD's that I have never heard before! Also the wood construction, gives these speakers a warmer resonance than others made out of plastic or metal. If you have a studio on a budget, and need the best speakers for under $500.00, buy these. Remember, they are studio monitors, so the audio is going to be very directional, so use them for monitors. Great speakers for portables, like an Ipod. One note, you need a really good sound card to get the most from these babies!
I bought these as a solution to obtain feedback while recording my guitar through my computer. That solution was successful. These speakers put out enough power that I can maintain the clarity of my guitar tone fairly well and achieve feedback almost as easily as i do with my amp. I have a 75Watt amp that powers a 12" celestion speaker. These monitors have 70Watts powering a 5" Woofer and a 1" Tweeter, 40W/30W respectively. Slight drop in the power output, but they are beefy enough that I don't really notice.The isolation pads they come with are paper thin, almost pointless. If you really need some, get some more substantial pads. The back panels do get kind of hot after a few hours... not really concerned about that, but it's worth mentioning.They have great sound, excellent low end, lots of clarity throughout. They are pricey, but if you are priced pretty reasonably here on amazon. I would really recommend not going to a retailer... even when they are on sale they are more expensive in store than online. Only go to a store just to hear them and compare them with other monitors.
On the plus side, these monitors look and feel amazing.  They are coated in some kind of silky rubberized stuff and they are heavy and look neat.They don't sound horrible.  I mean, they are not computer speakers or anything.  The sound is very forward, I would say harsh.  That's not uncommon among studio monitors.  There is definitely a lot of clarity here.  Not a ton of bass, but that's pretty much understood from monitors with woofers of this size.  There's a few schools of thought on studio monitors.  Some people think they are basically for bringing out the warts in your music, others think they should sound more like a normal speaker.  These will be more pleasing to people interested in the first.  I definitely sounds like the music is right in your face when you are listening to this.  Any flaws would be quite noticeable.I previously used KRK RP8's so I can compare these to them.  Granted, they are larger and more expensive, although they are also budget monitors.  I liked them better than these.  They were clear but also sounded nicer and, of course, had much more bass.I was going to put a woofer on these and burn them in...see if I could improve the situation...BUT one of the speakers starts to buzz about 5 minutes after it's turned on.  The buzz increases in volume over time.  I tried moving them to a different location, turning the volume down, even disconnecting the audio feed (so they were only plugged into the power).  Nothing stopped the buzz.  If they are warmed up and you turn them off and then on again, the buzz starts up in more like 10 or 20 seconds.  So I sent them back.  I wasn't really impressed with the sound and I'm definitely not satisfied with the quality control, so I'm going to try some larger and more expensive monitors instead.  Maybe Behringer 3031a's or something.  I think it's worth an extra 200 dollars or so to get a full-sized monitor.
Sound nice, but very unreliable BX5a Deluxe.I own a pair of YAMAHA NS 10s and EVENT 20-20s, and they are all currently working without problems with over 10 years use.2 years ago I purchased a set of regular BX5a's, and they lasted about 1 1/2 years, and then the faulty capacitors leaked.I just replaced them with the BX5a Deluxe model, and after only one week. one of the Internal amps will no longer power up.I need a pair of affordable AV shielded monitors that I can depend on, and these Cheap M-Audio Monitors are not it.I am back to using my 20-20's with slight AV noise until I find a decent AV shielded monitor.M-Audio was a much better company before Avid took them over!
