I've had this pedal for over a year now and I've been getting more and more into tube amps and I've learned to appreciate how the intricacies of how all of this gear works together (amps, guitars and pedals).When I first reviewed this pedal, I had just gotten a new solid state amp and I was very let down. After I jumped to tube amps, I grew to appreciate it a little bit more, but I was using it wrong; I'd just match the output of my amp and goose the distortion level to use it as a 2nd channel/gain stage. I thought it lent a good distorted tone to my playing, but I dismissed it as just an "OK" box.Flash forward: This thing kills! It belongs in front of a tube amp; period. I've found, as all before me, that dirt boxes are virtually useless on solid state amps.The D III works very well as a clean boost: Max the volume, set tone to taste and the roll the distortion all the way back. This will blast your clean amp into overdrive, without much coloration on your tone. This is my preferred setting as I can use it to push my single channel tube amps into dirty territory like I would before, using it as a second channel, but with that natural tube sound. Any pedal that gives you some more "umph" without altering the original sound of your amp is a beautiful thing.Dial the output down some, and crank the volume on the amp a bit more, the distortion knob really adds some nice saturated gain that increases sustain and can creep up on getting a significantly dirtier tone. I found that this is reminiscent of a classic tube screamer; while not tonally identical, this can really help push a hotter amp into overdrive to get some heavy, heavy tones, while retaining the sound of the amp's natural distortion.In between, you can dial in some classic crunch tones suitable for rock and blues or just a smooth overdrive. After playing around with the knobs, I found that this is a very versatile and well voiced pedal. I actually prefer it to tube screamers and its clones as that's been done to death; the D III is conceptually the same, but it just sounds "different" that the TS and it doesn't let go of the low end.For the price, this is a fantastic buy. It delivers enough output to be used as a fantastic clean boost, and there's enough gain on tap to dial in just about any rock tone you'd want, save for modern high gain metal.
MXR make pretty good Pedals for the money. I thought that this would be a high output, saturated type distortion. It is not. It has plent of Volume, which is good for boosting. But, even with the Gain Knob turned all the way up, this thing is an Overdrive. Which is not a bad thing, if that's what you are looking for. Very Mid-Rangey sound as well. Just not for me. But it's well built and would make a decent OD. But, overall, a pretty Vanilla flavored Dirt Pedal.
I was looking for an Overdrive or Distortion pedal for classic rock, and I finally decided on this one. It's a decent pedal, very solid. However, it is VERY noisy and buzzy when not in use, although all of my distortions are. It sounds a little bit thin and hollow to my ears; it's ok, but I wouldn;t purchase it again or really record with it. It's very light and thin sounding. I'm probably going to get a Full-Tone OCD or something like that instead
This is another in the MXR "Distortion" line. The Distortion III has a more overdrive flavor than a high gain pedal like the Boss Metal Zone or the Barber Dirty Bomb but is very flexible. Not really for heavy metal (see the MXR 116 Fullbore Metal) but more for that AC/DC and classic rock sound.There is a lot of gain on tap from the output section so it is possible to hit the front of a tube amp hard without turning up the distortion. The tone knob does not have a dramatic sweep but is useable.The good thing about this pedal apart from the price is you do not get that "fizzy" top end that some pedals have when you crank the distortion. In addition, the pedal cleans up nice when you roll back the tone knob.Pedal is hardwired true bypass and very pedal board friendly.
I use this guy with a Fender Twin, since Overdrive sound is not enough for now a days metal. Not much of noise and practical carry. If you really want to go for something a bit more &#34;Marshall JCM900 like&#34;... get a MXR Custom Badass '78 Distortion. For a extreme... get a Riot!
I was looking for a crunchy type distortion but this is more like a overdrive. I don't hold it against the pedal though. I have a Marshall Class 5 and this pedal actually sounds a little bit like the overdrive I get from the amp, I say this as a compliment. In my case, however, why would I want to replicate what I already have? I'm gonna return it and save up some money to get a BB preamp. You should check out the 78 Badasss Distortion from MXR too.
