It cannot be denied that the BOSS DD-7 is a versatile effective product...And it does EXACTLY what it claims to do, and does it well - but - I have a mixed relationship with this pedal...On one hand it does so many things with REVERSE / MODULATE / ANALOG settings as well as a half dozen other delay related settings it's a versatile tool - in fact it does everything you could ask a delay pedal to do except one thing... (one thing)In a live setting you have to set it and forget it (period)The four tiny fragile control knobs and the tiny black printed control panel are UN-USABLE (cannot be used) in a live dark stage environment...so when I'm at home putzing around on my guitar the BOSS DD-7 sits on my pedal board and gets used, but when I have a gig, it get's pulled from the board and the MXR Carbon Copy gets plugged into the slot and gets the nod in the performance category... The MXR Carbon Copy can be controlled by your foot and can be read from a standing position under any lighting conditions... so it gets used up there when the pressure is onThe BOSS DD-7 is a great pedal in a well lit practice environment ONLY - if you go live with it - good luck
HOLD feature allows you to "record" individual "tracks" and overlap them on one another on the go--live!  Dont get too ambitious though as the more "tracks" you add the more distorted the sound becomes.  I haven't used expensive rack units etc., but this is great fun and versatility allows many different uses.  Excellent value.  Battery runs out fast so get an AC adaptor!
This one has an insane tonal range and a lot of cool features. The analog delay is just as great as the loop feature in this pedal.
I literally just took this pedal out of the box an hour and a half ago and it has already blown me away. I've only begun to scratch the surface of what this pedal can do, and i've made funky/weird loops of sound, bizarre cricket noises, long delays that instead of fading out actually get LOUDER with time. I dont know how else to say it, If you are looking for a delay pedal, you just found it. This thing can do anything.It feels like the iPhone of delay pedals to me so far... like it can do all this crazy cool stuff... but oh yeah, it can also just do an echo too. (Wait, you can call people with an iPhone?)I could have waited a week or so to really learn everything this pedal can do and write a detailed review of it's performance, but i dont feel i have to. It's the latest BOSS delay pedal... what else is there to say?Also with the price range of 130-160 dollars its a huge bargin compared to other BOSS pedals that might pull off a similar effect such as the RC-2($180-200), or RC-20XL($240-300). Granted i know very little about the FULL capabilities of those pedals, but the DD-7 has up to 40 seconds worth of loop play in "Hold" mode. And the hold mode is so much more sophisticated that what I am familiar with... since previous to this pedal i have only tampered with the DD-3.Sorry if I'm rambling, but seriously I'm in love with this pedal. Perhaps i will post a video demo of some of the weird junk you can do with it at some point.
Excelent product, great quality and useful in many different ways, I specially use it for looping and create new options for soloing, since it can record up to 40 seconds and it will not end unless you stop it, this is a great tool for experimenting with all your rythms and solos, I also have it connected in a FXs loop with the Mustang fender IV, and it works just perfect in stereo mode, the reverse mode rocks, allows you to do great fading delay violing efect, this is simply the best pedal I got since it's so versatile, I do play Metalcore and alt rock most of all and it works like a champ!! Love it
I have owned many delay pedals in the past several decades.I like this one the best...especially for the price range.Boss DD-7 beats the pants off the Line 6 Echo Park delay. The Echo Park delay causes a little noise/interference when not used, being caused by the little LED light flashing...you can hear it buzz each time it flashes through the amp. The Boss DD-7 was perfectly clean and did not alter the tone.Many great features including an on-the-fly sampler/looper.The ability to control it with an external pedal/switch.Easy to set and adjust while playing live and on-the-fly.Matches perfectly with other Boss pedals.Standard "Built Like A Tank" Boss construction is renowned for.It also beats the other Boss Delay pedals available for quality, sound and features.Many options, settings and configuration choices makes this pedal versatile.I bought this for quality, ease of use and straightforward operation while playing live.It also "self-oscillates & freaks out" quite well. (If you're into that sort of thing!)Make sure you read the instruction and settings operation manual. There are "new" operations and ways to "set" this pedal up to perform certain functions.
Pedal infaltable!! Es muyy bueno!! tiene todo lo que se necesita en un delay!! Como solo boss lo sabe hacer!!
This pedal is awesome. Not only does the DD-7 offer standard dealy and echo it also has reverse delay, modulation, and loop functions. It's capable of looping up to 40 seconds of play which is a wonderful tool for writing two and three part harmonies or working out timing. This pedal is amazing and I highly recomend it for any guitar player. Most of my pedals are Boss because they only build their equipment to industrial strength and standards. This means their stuff is made to last. No flimsy plastics, cheap rubber, or faulty components or parts will cut it in Boss's supieror product line.
This is the best Delay I have tried thus far. Extremely versatile and, as is typical with all boss pedals; absolutely sturdy! A delay is such a necessary addition to one's personal effects, and I really cannot emphasize enough just how perfectly this works in pretty much any style of music! Well worth the price!! Item was shipped in a timely manner and with secured packaging.
