I have finally discovered that the &#34;perfect set&#34; is a moving target. As arthritis creeps in I find myself playing heavier strings with a lower action, and these work in that respect. Another advantage of usiung this set is that it beefs up the treble side without making the bass side too boomey. (Telecaster, anyone?)
I'm not a metal player in any means but sometimes I do get the urge. If your gonna play metal you need bigger strings than just 46-9. So I got these and they are awesome. They are not too big or too small. Very happy with these strings. If you want GREAT strings get fender strings. They are the best out there. But for metal (big strings) I stick with ernie ball.
I use earnie ball strings as my backup strings. They don't have as nice and clear a tone as my d'addario or curt mangan strings, nor do they have the life expectancy, however they are cheaper and really easy to bend. Since I can't afford to restring with the more pricey strings every single time, I go with these when I'm practicing. They do break alot when I play some crazy solos, which blows, and is the main reason why I'm not giving them 5s. (No it's not my technique, I've never broken a string on any other brand strings I've tried.) When I'm in the studio recording, I prefer, like I said before, D'addario or curt mangan strings, however to save money, I practice with these strings and I think it's not a bad method, as I go through strings like doritos (I eat doritos alot).
I read a review saying that there bridge was floating out & the strings were hard to tune aswell as their e string popping. I had the exact same experience but i bought two sets since i know uncoated strings dont last long. so i did get to play em but all my strings (except the A & E) popped on both sets within two weeks i knew it was due to my bridge being made to use a whammy bar (which it came with btw)& the tension it put on my tuning pegs what really got me upset about these strings was that they damaged my tuning pegs and now there harder to turn (have to use pliers sometimes) but the strings sound great & if i get a better guitar i might get these more often but for now im staying w/ medium gauge elixirs.
I chose these strings based on reviews I have read on the website. I was definitely not disappointed. This string sound great on solid body electric and hollow body. I have a Dot Studio and the resonance is great for rockabilly. My son loves them for metal. We will continue to use Beefy Slinky strings!
This isn't a review of these strings so much as a warning or caveat for those of you playing guitars with floating bridges (usually for a whammy bar) and not using these heavier strings already.I wanted a little fuller sound than the 10-46 slinky strings (aka regular slinky) and the idea of some driving base appealed to me so ordered the beefy's. I strung them up but had a hard time tuning the guitar. Every time I got the higher strings in tune, the lowers would go down as much as a half note. It took awhile to realize that my floating bridge was coming off the body as I tightened the strings. So I pulled the back plate off my strat and set to off tighten down the the tensions screws. I made about 5 adjustments each time retuning the guitar to check my progress. The final time I tightened them down, the high E string broke. Since these were my only beefy's, my day was done with these strings. However, given how far I tightened the tension screws, I think I would have had to purchase an additional tension spring (not too expensive or difficult to install if you have the inclination to do it) to get the bridge flush with the body.As I said, this isn't a knock of these strings. I never really got a chance to play them. Just a heads up for anyone moving up to these heavier strings. It can be quite a shock the first time your see your bridge sticking out at a 45 degree angle to your guitar and if you aren't careful, you can damage your guitar.
I was loking for a particular sound that I jsut couldn't find with lighter strings. This set was perfect and I was able to re-create the sound Iwas looking for.
I wouldn't recommend tuning these strings to E however, because the intense amount of tension it takes to tune these to E can cause permanent damage to the neck that not even the truss rod can fix. The highest I feel comfortable tuning these to is E flat. If you are doing anything at or below Drop C sharp, these strings will work out great for you.
to much string for my beginner fingers but seemed to be the real brand and a decent price.i would reorder in 9's or maybe even 10's next time
