I got these for a parts-tele I built and I'm really happy with them.  Like all vintage tuners you may need conversion bushings to make them fit modern peg holes which are usually larger.  But they look great, work great, stay in tune and are completely vintage spec.  I have a '57 reissue strat and I can't tell the difference.  One thing I've always loved about vintage tuners is that you tuck the strings in the center of the shaft so it keeps the headstock looking neat.
These are nice,and this was easily the best price around. These are made in Japan, and I believe they're made for Fender by Gotoh, so they're good quality. But I was annoyed that they ( the bushings) didn't fit the "standard,vintage-sized" .340" holes in my All-parts neck ( they're a little large).So be aware of that.
Looks good but disappointed that they aren't made in the USA. Oh well just shows me little by little more and more things aren't anymore.
First of all, don't expect any new tuner to work as a "drop-in" replacement.  Drop-in replacements for tuners basically don't exist unless you have the exact type of tuner, and in that case, you aren't doing an "upgrade".  You'll likely need to bore out additional diameter for the peg hole with a drill press or tapered reamer.  Or, if there's a Guitar Center or guitar shop nearby, have a tech do the work for you.These tuners arrived quickly and are very attractive, with a nice vintage look.  They would look great on a either a Strat or Tele.  Unfortunately, my Squier Bullet had a slightly smaller headstock, which meant that the low E string's tuner was too large - the wing for the screw hung over the edge.  Therefore, I will not be installing these on my guitar, but that is not the fault of the tuner.Functionally, these are one of the easiest tuning keys to rotate, and I've heard the hold tune just fine.  Check the back of your headstock for fit, but if that's a "go", these are a great option!
I didnt have my research done correctly and ordered these because i wanted &#34;vintage&#34; for my &#34;relic'd&#34; build. Clearly my mistake that these do not fit the cheap necks sold here on Amazon. But no worries, Amazon sells adapters to make the &#34;large&#34; holes in the neck fit the &#34;smaller&#34; vintage tuning key posts.1 star off for not looking like the higest quality. I'm happy though and this was a good purchase at the right price.
