I also have a keeley 4 knob compressor but I'm preferring the Xotic pedal right now. The compression is more agressive than the keeley but I find it easier to dial in a good sound, especially using the blend knob, I like to retain some dynamics to my sound. The high/mid/low switch is great, I like it on mid or high, really makes the harmonics come out. There is more volume on tap as well, and I can see how it could also be used as a useful clean boost.  The Keeley has a more dynamic and transparent sound but I also find it's noisier than the Xotic. The Xotic is a fraction of the price though and better overall value I think.
I have had and tried about every compressor out there.  Lastly the old standard Dyna Comp. Only because its cheap but like the rest it sounds like a compressor and clips your tone.  Blah.  This is a very transparent compressor.  I use it on acoustic guitar solo gigs and electric.  Low setting on the switch and compressor set at about 11:00.  It gives wonderful string balance and sustain. At this setting you do not get any of the squashy clipping compression sounds. And it does not wack the bottom out of your tone.  None of the typical compressor hesitation when you pluck a string.  Just balance and sustain.  As close to a rack mount as it gets. The blend knob solves all of the typical compressor issues.  From here you can get any type of compression you want or need.  Mine has a white case.
It arrived, I plugged it in, already had a battery in it. Both knobs at 12 o'clock, toggle in middle, didn't change the internal switches. BAM!! Guitar sounds alive! No more weak notes, the thin strings sound big now and match the thicker strings in power. No compressor "pumping" very minimal noise (compressors by nature are noisy) It just make the guitar sound better, even and stronger. Compressors can be a beast to control and you do have to go on faith that they work with out squashing or clouding your sound. This pedal has been optimized for guitar, you can tell it is high quality. If you play crystal clear you HAVE to have this pedal. Driven, full distortion it adds sustain. Im Sold. Now I may just have to get the SL drive also by xotic. look it up on youtube.
I had my doubts about the effectiveness of the blend knob but it is very effective indeed!  This compressor gives just the right amount of softness to the attack.  It never sounds &#34;thumpy&#34; or unnatural - but always musical.  I really think that this is what a guitar compressor is supposed to sound like.
Okay, so... it's small, easy to dial in a good sound, very inexpensive, made here in the US, and has a wonderful transparency to it.Add to that the different ways to configure it (by using the internal dip switches), and you have a compressor as flexible as any I've used for guitar at half or less of many cost (which sound, imho, no better).It stacks well with the EP booster and another comp/boost in the chain, too.Whether you want to drive your amp a little harder or just squash your signal, this product is impossible to beat.I totally adore it.
