small and unobtrusive; just leave it there everytime you play. get in tune anytime you need to no matter what is going on around you.
It tunes without any problems... and I love using the word "SNARK"!! I thought the creaters could have implemented the "clip" feature I have seen on other tuners, which tunes through vibrations, but it still works great!!!!
This tuner looks nice, and works great. It puts guitars into the best tune. It has lasted for over a year and the battery hasn't died yet. Some might say it breaks easily but as long as it is dealt with gently there will be no problems. Great price, great tuner, worth the buy.
This tuner is great and well worth the $15 you will pay for it at most places but I've seen it as high as $30-35 and that is just a rip off.
I still love these things. I remember spending over $60 for a guitar tuner in the 80's and having to unplug from the amp to plug into the tuner to tune and then back to the amp with my guitar hanging round my neck. Now??? I just clip it and forget it till I need it and push it's little button. If I forget to turn it off it has an auto off feature if it detects no vibration for a while. A new batterry lasted me almost two years. My first tuner's battery it came with lasted over a year. Expect to pay $5 TO $6 for a replacement battery. My more recent Snarks are still running on original batteries.
All I wanted was a simple tuner... that's what this is. If you just want something cheap and basic with only one button then this product is perfect. Pros: Works fast/accurate and can recognize full chromatic scale. Cons: Built with cheap plastic so it may break if continually dropped. Also, tends to get confused when there is interference from other instruments in a loud room. FYI: Snark makes more complex tuners(Which are actually cheaper on amazon) that also have 3 or 4 extra features.
For this price, you owe it to yourself to get at least one of these little things, better yet, get one for each guitar you own.They're reliable and easy to use. And ACCURATE!!!You can mount these in such a way that the display points to be back of the headstock. That way, they're easy to read and don't screw up the look of your guitar.Why no 5 star review? Because they're battery eaters. The provided battery lasts for about a month, then starts dimming. Not cool. A rechargeable version would be good.
Saw this sucker on my bass player's head, and got one a few days later. Not pitch perfect on the fly, but keeps you very close when on the run. Unbeatable value. Silent tuning, so on stage it's almost a must.
My main complaint is that this tuner is only approximately accurate.  It also occasionally fails to register at all.  I've tried putting in slightly different positions on the head of my guitars, but the contact is sporadic.  I A/B ed the Snark against two other tuners, and the snark fails to show notes that are a little flat and sometimes shows false sharp readings.  The other two tuners agree with each other and sound right to my ear.  Most people like this tuner, and on the plus side I also liked its convenience and the ease with which the results can be read.  Unfortunately my copy did not nail the pitch.
Easy to use.  I can tune while in a sea of people or other musical background.  This is definitely more accurate than a person's ear while other instruments are playing.
As you can tell by the title, I've got another of these little babies.  Snark improved the readabilty and the new one is bright, clear and works great.
