I've never really owned a fuzz pedal before, but have tried a few. Out of most I've tried, I've come across the Big Muff the most. It didn't really strike me as a good flavor of distortion to have until recently. Even my Boss Hyper Metal HM-3 is considered by some to be a fuzz pedal by some folks, but it isn't 100% there, certainly.My budget being what is it right now, I didn't want to spend a lot for a fuzz pedal. There are loads of fuzzes available for $100 or less, but this model is essentially three pedals in one. That's what attracted me to it, along with a few reviews in YouTube. Not to mention the bargain basement price.The three modes can be accessed via a switch on the right side of this pedal. The two fuzz modes (in my view) don't perfectly emulate any one pedal, but are extremely useful nonetheless.FUZZ 1 is a creamy, midrange filled sound. It doesn't get too bright, until the TREBLE knob is pushed past 3 o' clock. This fuzz could make even anemic single coils sound rich and thick. With humbuckers, it's actually quite clean in silences until the gain is past about 2 o' clock. I love the way this fuzz sputters when notes and chords decay. It seems to work best with power chords (root-5th note), and single notes. If you play complex chords, you'll hardly notice them; if you try to play them, use as little gain as possible.FUZZ 2 is more in line with the Big Muff. It has a scooped midrange, which makes things sound dark and sinister. With the increased bass and treble, complex chords work slightly better here. This fuzz also has more sustain than FUZZ 1, so it buzzes longer. This makes it great to use alongside a guitarist that's using a looser sounding high gain tone that isn't necessarily fuzzy. (Head era KoRn comes to mind for me...)The third option is ultimately what made my purchase worthwhile. BOOST. This mode is a clean boost with a flat midrange level. It actually distorts a little, but that's only after cranking the EQ and GAIN knobs all the way up. The resulting buzz does sound a bit like a slightly overdriven non-master volume amp (or a master volume's clean channel fully cranked). Still, throughout most of its gain and volume range, BOOST does a good job of staying clean. This would be great for pushing an amp into overdrive, or extending the gain of a heavily distorted sound. It might also be useful for a tiny volume boost for cleaner guitar tones, or just to maintain a stronger signal for a path full of effects.Overall, I like the tones this pedal spits out. I've only had it a few hours, but I love what I'm hearing so far. The build is similar to the other Behringer pedals I have, a NR100 noise reducer, and a TO800, their overdrive that sounds like a Tube Screamer. With this more recent pedal (built on June of 2010), the knobs seem slightly sturdier than before. I'd still not abuse them too much, though. As always, really abusive stompers might want to look elsewhere (or find a way to put the guts inside a custom built tank).You can't go wrong with the bright blue LED, either! Makes it easy to see on a dark stage, along with the dayglo orange pedal color.
Buy this. It's cheap and better than Fuzz pedals that cost 6 times as much. It can go from a clean boost to a slight octave up fuzz that has to be heard.....Amazing sounds!
Nice features on a pedal this cheap.  I like the capacity to independently control treble and bass.  Switch actually works and makes a marked difference in the pedal.  Not the bulletproof construction of a Boss pedal, but I have quite a few Behringer pedals and I've yet to have a malfunction in more than a year.  I have an EH Big Muff, and this pedal is closer to that than to a Dunlop Fuzz face.  For this price, it's another great tool for your arsenal.  One thing to keep in mind with any pedal that is not true bypass - if you string a bunch of them together, you are going to experience the dreaded 'tone suck'.  If most of your pedals are true bypass or have a high quality buffered bypass, you will be fine.
There is such a thing as too much.  You'll find it in this pedal.  I have both this and the Boss distortion pedals, and prefer the Boss.
Real good variation from full out (RAT like) to not so much saturation. The treble and bass control make HUGE sound differences. Its plastic so dont jump on it! The 1 & 2 ( I dont use the boost but its cool) make it that much more versatile. You wont be sorry! Almost bought a Big Muff or another RAT but Im glad I spent WAY less money.
I'm an acoustic player, but every once in a while I break out the Strat just to have some fun and get a little variety.  I wanted to get some of the cool 70s fuzz going just to play around and experiment.  For me, this pedal was a great way to do that.With electric guitar, I'm not a tone freak and I don't need everything to sound 100% authentic.  For me, this pedal gets you 80% of the way there.  It has two different types of fuzz and plenty of flexible with the controls.If you're comparing this to $80 Boss fuzz pedal, this one is probaly a lower build quality (e.g. made from plastic), but it's also only $25.  I'm not taking it gigging or stomping on it in my garage, so I'll gladly take the savings.
