I had a lot of questions and concerns when I ordered this. Well, it arrived today, I've been playing it for the past few hours, and here's the answers to those questions:1. Is it worth the money?Absolutely yes. This is an amazing bargain. There are better guitars out there, but not for $170. This really is a great deal.2. How does it sound?Fantastic. It's definitely "bright", which a few of the other reviews pointed out, but it also has new strings on it, so it might be a little too early to judge. That said, it's got a nice full sound and if you play up closer to the neck you get more bass in the mix.3. How's the action?Just right. Low enough that it's easy to play (for a 12 string) but no buzzing strings.4. How about the neck?Wider than a 6 string, but not much. Probably a centimeter or so wider. I have small hands and had no problem playing it. The main thing is the added pressure it takes to push down twice as many strings as normal.5. How does it play?Great.6. How does it look?Great. Nice natural finish, all shiny and new. What's not to love? (Note: the picture shows a more whitish finish, but it's a normal natural finish like you'd see on most acoustic guitars. Natural wood color.So if any of you guitarists have been thinking of buying an acoustic 12 string, take a look at this one for sure. I wish I'd bought it long ago. There are just some songs that need to be played on a 12 string.
To start with, I didn't buy this guitar because it was cheap, but because of the unbelievable reviews.  I don't know if they all come out of the box like this one but in the past I have owned and sold my Gretch 12, my Yamaha 12, my ovation 12, but I won't be selling this one.  I've had it for 3 months now and haven't adjusted anything, only played this $169 12 string from American Musical Supply / amazon.  It is the best playing best sounding 12 string I have ever played period...  This guitar set off a couple of other Epiphone purchases (2, one for my son) AJ220SCE's and ES-339, Also great guitars.  Most of my life Epiphones were dull over coated junk, not anymore, and it seems that Epiphone is selling cheap to get people to try them. I own Gibson Studio Les Paul, SG, '87 American Strat, Martin D35, Washburn Rogue, all nice guitars most for a LOT more money. This guitar is a NOBRAINER cannot believe the value.  American Musical Supply is also great, the first AJ220SCE came in with a bad neck and AMS emailed a return FedEx lable in an hour and after I dropped it off and it was logged in at a UPS outlet around the corner I got an email that the replacement guitar was on the way. When it arrived 3 days later it was a good one! :))  5+ star service.
With all the other great reviews noted here, I decided to buy this guitar. Had a Rogue 12 string a few years ago and sold it as I was not that impressed with it. What a difference with the Epiphone.  The fit & finish speaks quality. Playabilty is very good with low action and good tone. Really is a great buy!
I wanted a 12 string, but did not want to spend a lot of money, this guitar fits the bill. The finish is much darker then the pictures online show. GREAT SOUND from this bad boy. This is a BIG GUITAR, once I figured out how to tune the 12 string, it really DOES NOT GO OUT OF TUNE.. After I few hours of play, I retune it and its marginally out of tune, I thought at this price the tuners would be of poor quality, while they are not grover tuners, they get it done.The downside for me is, not the guitar's fault.. this is an inexpensive guitar and a FANTASTIC entry into 12 string playing, this Guitar is hard to play below the 15th fret as there is no cut away, but that is true of all guitars using this body type. Now that I have had it awhile I would love for it to be acoustic/electric but again.. for the price, I was expecting an inferior guitar this tool plays great low action. Im keeping it.
I knew I did right by buying the DR-212. It's great and stands up to much more expensive of it's kind.I have lots of Gibsons as well as Epiphones and frankly I don't see any difference to speak of. If anybody wants a durable acoustic 12 string with fine sound you'll find it in the DR-212.Best of Luck to allRegards,Roger  Epiphone DR-212 Acoustic Guitar, 12-String, Natural
First off, let's get the dimensions out of the way; for some reason, finding these basic dimensions on a lot of guitars and cases is close to impossible; just try to find the dimensions of the DR-212 on the Epiphone web site.Length: 43",  Bout length: 19-7/8",  Lower bout thickness: 4-3/4",  Lower bout width: 15-1/2"So now you can look for a gig bag with the full knowlage of what size guitar you are trying to squeeze into it.The only thing that is out of the norm with these dimensions, is the 43" length (Most bags are 39"-41").You can always opt for the Epiphone hard case: EDREAD, or World Tour RWG20D, or GBA100 (the bag I got).Now that the hard part is out of the way (finding a case), on to the review.As my title says, the guitar reminds me of my Samick ST92 which is a VERY well made 3/4 Spruce top acoustic which is also made in Indonesia.I have played guitar for over 40 years, so I  have a collection of over 100 guitars, and 11 of them are acoustics, but this is the first12 string, and I bought it just to have it around for songs like Hotel California, Etc., and was not willing to drop a lot of money on a guitar I would rarely use.I am very impressed with the build quality of this guitar for the under $170.00 asking price. It tuned up with no problems, even though the tuning process is arduous compared to a six string, and it takes about three tunings to get the strings stretched out. You constantly think you will pull the bridge out due to all that string pressure. The bridge plate on these 12 strings must be huge!I found that when tuning, you should up stroke the small strings so that you don't hit the large one right next to it.I have no fret buzz, finger rash, or problem areas with the fretboard on my guitar, and the strings sit low which I like.The nut is a bit sharp on the edges, but a file or sanding will take care of that.The strings are not that bad, and will do until the first change out.I have seen a wide range of reviews on this guitar, from terrible to fantastic, but the one I have is the later.
Very playable right out of the Box and very beautiful. I have a Epiphone Swingster, Nighthawk and Violin Bass and they are all great products! I decided to give it a good set up. After the Strings were off I sanded down the Bridge 1-2 mm and adjusted the neck just a little. Then I want to really recommend Martin Bronze Strings light or extra light (green box) for an awesome sound and easy playability which is important on 12 Strings. Instructional videos can be viewed on YouTube before you go for it or you get a Guitar Tech to do it.Ps Matching Epiphone cases are available and so are inexpensive clip on pickups if you want to go thru an Amp or line in recording.Ps The Tuners are a bit to close to each other in my opinion. When you tune one string your fingers can rub against next tuner.
If you're looking for a 12-string acoustic, then what more could you want than the Epiphone DR-212?  The craftsmanship is excellent, the sound is fantastic and it's easy to tune and play right out of the box.  Add the limited lifetime warranty and Gibson support and this guitar can't be beat.  The price is amazing for what you get, and to top this all off, it has been chosen as a Guitar Players Magazine Editors Pick.  You don't have this guitar?  What are you waiting for?  Order it now while the price is this low!  Go ahead! Go for it!  You won't be sorry...
I was really torn about getting this because of its price but decided to take the plunge and have no regrets. The action is better than my six string Epiphone acoustic. It sounds so sweet, looks so sweet, and plays so sweet. I keep it tuned down a half step and use a capo to protect the neck. I would definitely recommend this especially if your on a budget. It stays in tune and don't let the laminated top scare you, its great.
