The ability to quickly change the range and sensitivity has made it easy to dial in the exact sound you want to hear. It's built like a tank and has worked flawlessly in the time I've had it. Since I normally power it with a wall wart, I don't have much of an opinion about battery life.Bottom Line: It costs a bit more than the standard Dunlop wah pedals, it's worth it.
Sure it's a few bucks more than the standard Crybaby, but totally worth it. Built like a tank, but make sure to apply a little bit of white lithium grease to the gear pieces once a year or so to keep things smooth and reduce wear on the inner workings.
for 99 dollars , quit looking at other wah pedals....this one does it all......its so versatile....sounds very authenic 60's too,.....good pedal movement....endless variations in sound avaialable.....it gets a great sound right out of the box ..dig it man,,!!
Your option to change the wah configuration is amazing. Only problem is the no DC adapter included, needs buy separately.
Lunar lander here we come, This pedal will take your playing to the moon. It's easy to use, I recommend getting the 9v AC adapter to save on batteries and avoid the battery hassle. Use the Crybaby with other effect pedals, the uses are endless and fun. I was playing some 'Born On The Bayou' Creedence guitar the other day and wow, It will build your music muscle power to try and keep up with where this pedal wants to send you. A keeper, not like pedals that have no lasting power, this pedal has so much to offer over such a wide range of playing styles. It's right up there with my top five effects pedals of all time. I'm sure I'll be using the Crybaby for the rest of my music life.
Wow!  This is the pedal to own.  There are a lot of good pedals out there, but this one has that original, bright wah tone and a range of features and tonal settings that can take you from 70's quack to surf warble to rock tone sweeps. Just amazing! If you don't have to have a specific dunlop signature pedal, this will get you through most of the tonal range you could imagine. A great purchase and built like a tank.
For years I played the original Cry baby, the Vox Wah, and others I can't remember names of. I was always on a quest for a good wah sound that I just couldn't find. I didn't want to spend $600 on a wah with a rack. So at the recomendation of a studio engineer I purchased this wah about 5 years ago. I am very pleased that I followed that advice because this pedal really has the range of wah I was looking for. The greatest thing about this pedal is that it is customizable. The user dials in the frequency sweep they want. The volume boost is a great feature when you need to play a lead over the live mix. I recomend this wah pedal over all the others, especially the signature series wahs because you can get the same sound out of this unit with a little tweeking.
This is the wah I was looking for.  Very versatile and built in boost feature is great too. buy it...you wont regret it.
First of all, I love the Crybaby 535Q and I recommend this wah pedal. I will tell you my wah pedal story.Several years ago, I bought a Crybaby GCB-95 and, even though I did not use wah very much at the time, I think it was in the shop twice to get repaired within a year. Fortunately, it never gave out on me during a gig, but it was only a matter of time. Finally, I gave up and just stopped using wah pedals completely.A couple years ago, I bought a Digitech XP-100 whammy wah, mainly for the whammy effects to learn how to do Morello's style. Since it has some digital wah patches was available, I started to use them too and was happy because it doesn't have a treadle that will break like on my GCB-95. The wahs were usable, but just did not sound as good.Finally I was supposed to play Alice in Chains, "Man in the Box" and the Digitech was just not going to cut it. So, it was time to get a real wah. I searched around on YouTube for demos and talked to people to see what they used. I chose the 535Q because people told me that they've never had a maintenance problem with them, and it is very versatile.You can get several kinds of wah sounds by tweaking the dials,and they have some great suggestions in the manual to get started. I set mine on the Cantrell setting and have left it there because I mainly use the wah when playing early alternative 90s hard rock styles. That setting works will in songs like RATM, "Bulls on Parade" as well, including to create the white noise for scratch DJ sounds.I still do not use wah pedals terribly often, but it is nice to have a reliable wah that can do whatever I need it to by simply adjusting a couple knobs. I think that as long as I need a wah pedal, this one will suit my needs in many styles, and I think it will remain on my pedalboard for years! It is definitely one to consider, and the price is not that bad.
