[Now that the SN-13 is about the same price as an SN-8, I've changed the comment about the price differential.]The SN-13 is another great Snark chromatic tuner with a Super Tight display. However, the black SN-8 adds a tap tempo metronome and the ability to set the tuner a few semi-tones below standard for about the same price.  (No matter for me since all I use is the tuner, anyway.)  Still, the SN-13 is *white* and, for all I know, may do a better job at tuning an older iPad.  :-)
Cheap, Easy, Durable, these things are worth the small price. I have one for each guitar and just leave them on!
I love the Snark tuners, and I own several different models.  They all work great and of the various models, I prefer the SN-2 (red).  I got the white one because I just liked that it was a unique, Amazon-only model.  The SN-13 display is like the display on the SN-8, and offers lower resolution than the SN-1/SN-2/SN-5 displays.  Still it works beautifully, and the glossy white looks nice clipped on my Pearl White APX700.  Its also easy to find should you drop it in the dark.
Well, without a tuner like this someone playing woodwinds might not even realize how a number of notes, usually in the lower octaves, are a little off.  With cheaper made instruments like school instruments you would be surprised.  This tuner helps you not only start in tune but also develop some strategies to deal with those sour notes.  The fact that it works on guitars also just makes it worth the extra few dollars.  Highly recommended.  And it looks great too.
I'll be honest here - I bought this one primarily because of its looks.  Not a lot of white clip-on tuners around. I also own an SN-8 and in comparing the two, the SN-13 seems to be as tight, but it's only four stars because as another reviewer mentioned you can get the SN-8 (which has more features) for a few dollars less than what you're paying for the SN-13.  Still, it's a typical Snark.  It registers very quickly, it's easy to read, and you don't have to pluck the string very hard at all for it to pick up the vibration. The stem on mine is a little looser than I would prefer but it still stays in position.My only real gripe isn't unique to this model but to all Snarks.  The curved stem combined with the round head means it won't sit very flat in a gig bag pocket and the stems aren't exactly robust, so I'm always concerned that one day I'm going to take it out of my bag and it will be in three pieces.  Other than that, I'd recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive and pretty accurate tuner.
I have several of these tuners and this one is as great as all the others. Easy and quick. No reason to be out of tune with these tuners. The white is great but no matter what color they are, they are a quality product. Rock on....
There are lots of ways to tune a guitar ranging from using a tuning fork to sitting next to a properly tuned piano. I've also used a variety of electronic tuners over the years with everything from rows of flashing lights to meters with a needle. There are some excellent tuners out there with tone generators, metronomes, etc. built in. But this device is simple, portable, easy to use, and just plain works. It's also cheap enough that even if you have other types of tuners, it's worth the money to get one of these for each guitar case. Aside from its simplicity, it's also less bothered by background noise, as other units with microphones might be.
I set this to free super saver shipping 5-8 days and it got here in three! Its very shiny looking and easy to see because there is a little thing where you can move to point the screen of it. Although my friend told me there is a way you can see the chords you are playing don't know how though. But all I bought it for was the purpose of tuning Mission accomplished. 5 stars for you!
