I just got these in and I have to say, very disappointed.  It's as if I went into a boy's shop and bought a large shirt and expected it to fit a man.  What do they call medium or small?  This "large pick"  barely goes over my thumbnail area. I can hold it, sort of, so we'll see how well it works with my hybrid plectrum project.  (BTW, I'm an average grown man, 5'7", 165)  More to come...Here we go, a few months later:  I just had a chat with a music store guy and found out that a "large" thumb pick refers to the thickness of the pick!  Bottom line, if you want a thumb pick that fits, go to a store and try before you buy!  Good luck to all.
Iv'e tried a lot of thumb picks( i use them for bass) you no what that doe's to them,these are the one's i'm staying with these thumb's.
I've been using National medium thumb picks for the last year until my last one broke.  Decided to try the Dunlop.  Overall - I'm very pleased with this pick.Previous reviews have indicated that these picks are smaller than the National mediums.  This is true, but isn't a complete description.  Basically, the National picks are much more elongated - so while the nail to thumb-pad distance is about the same on both, the across nail distance is much greater on the National picks.  I actually find the Dunlop pick to fit much better, and I don't get extra overhang as with the National (which tends to catch the string).
I wear a large sized glove, so assuming that would translate, I got these.  While I can force it over my thumb, it is very tight and uncomfortable (i.e., pinches).  My thumbs don't have a particularly excessive diameter either.  I'm gonna try to heat these so I can stretch them a bit.  I know they need to be snug so the pick doesn't rotate when being used, but this is ridiculous.  Three stars because if they fit you, it is a nice pick (it would be 5 if they were described correctly for sizing).
These items, though well made, and strong, are sized rather differently to National picks - With the National, I need a Large, so I ordered Large in this item - it is, however very tight, smaller in fact than a National Medium thumb pick.Essentially a waste of money.
