I shopped around local music shops and was discouraged with the prices. Checked out Amazon and was a little skeptical with the reasonable price, but pleasantly surprised when we received it.
I got the $50 standard black on black case.  The case arrived within 2 days via UPS during the middle of the Christmas rush! Wow! Very fast shipping and it was adequately packaged and there was no sign of the box being abused in anyway. Regarding the item itself, I am bit lukewarm. I have a $500 Washburn and wanted something more than a gig bag for going to and from gigs and practice sessions. And I got that. Its lightweight, plenty of room in the gear box and on top of the guitar head.  However, the fit is a bit loose and I don't have the sense that this case will stand up to much abuse over time.  So if you have a pricey guitar or are planning to load you guitar in a truck with other gear, or might ship your guitar or take it on a plane, this case is not the one you want to buy.
My Seagull Entourage Rustic fits very snug (I think that is a good thing, not certain) in the case which has a nice faux fur lining and seems well made.I was considering theSeagull Dreadnought Casebut there were no useful pictures or details on the item. I decided to try the Guardian and save a few bucks.Seems like I made a good choice.
Guardian?  Well, it is padded, but I've only gigged once since having the item (with 3 rehearsals held prior) and I can say that the case is nicked up "pretty good," as they say in the South.  Yes, it will last, because it is a guitar case, but there's no way there's enough security to protect an instrument on a plane.  Now, that's for flight cases to handle, but don't even come near abusing your instrument while it is housed inside this case, because you may be disappointed to have to buy new parts once the "guardian" fails to guard against crushing your hardware.  This item is not one of the better cases out there, but it does suffice, and it does look good.  The first day I got it, someone said, "nice case, it looks great!"  Say that now, though, after using it outside the house 4 times, and you'd be a lying SOB.
This is a typical inexpensive hardshell guitar case made in China.  I bought it to replace the original (chipboard) case for a 1963 Gibson ES-135 archtop.  Lower bout is 16&#34; wide, upper bout is 12&#34; wide, body is 21 &#34; long, and it's about 5&#34; deep at the bridge.  Fits very snugly in this case which is what I was hoping for.  The case is about 4&#34; longer than the top of the headstock but I didn't expect an exact fit.  The wood shell is thin so don't drop anything on it but it is also lighter than a lot of other cases.  Normal plush fake fur inside with about 3/4 of soft foam all around.  Black tolex on the outside is thin but looks okay.  This is NOT a case to take on the road or if you travel by air but it is adequate for casual use.  Only annoying thing: the case arrived locked.  The keys were, of course, inside the case.  Dumb.  A friend at a music store used a key from another Guardian case to unlock it.  A good reminder that the case latch lock is to keep the latch from popping open and NOT to keep crooks out.
Great quality, nice interior, and fits my Yamaha F335 perfectly. Solid and steardy case that will last a very long time.
my fav cases ever
