This is a review for theMahalo U-30PK Painted Economy Soprano Ukulele (Pink).For the price ($30 shipped) it can't be beat.  Free shipping via Amazon Prime.  I got it for my 3yo daughter for christmas, and she loves it!  I taught her the C-chord, and I play the G-chord... so we play the Moldy Peaches "Anyone else but you."  It's a great little starter musical instrument, and a great beater uke that I don't mind getting a bit banged up.I was surprised that the frets were level and the neck was straight (well, good enough for a cheap uke).  The strings are some kind of cheap nylon.  I changed the strings to nylguts, and they sound 1000x better... almost as good as my other laminate mahogany soprano (almost).  The fretboard is painted black, so I don't know what kind of wood was used (I didn't expect ebony for this price).  I also sanded down the nut and saddle because the action was a bit high, and now even I can play it without complaining too much.  It has geared tuners, not friction pegs.It even comes with a matching polyester "gig-bag."  Now my mother wants one so she can play with her granddaughter.  Overall, a decent play/starter uke and worth the $30.
For the price, this is a steal. If you can, snag a pack of new strings and it will sound tremendously better. All in all with new strings I only spent about $30 on this uke and I think that is more than fair.If you can't get new strings, the ones that come on it will survive you a little while (but stock strings on any instrument are never great). Also, if you don't know how to to tune an instrument/don't have a tuner, you don't need to buy one; if you have a smartphone or iPod touch there are accurate tuning apps for nearly any instrument, ukulele included!A little back story: I used to play instruments when I was younger but stopped in my preteens/early teens. It's something I've recently been regretting more than ever. So, I'm fixing that! Not only am I relearning the instruments I played before, but I picked up a new one - the ukulele! Like many others, I was inspired by Amanda Palmer to do so ;)Back to the review!:The sound of the ukulele is great. It's not too tinny like a lot of cheap instruments are. After a week or so it has no trouble staying in tune and rarely needs adjustments. It's very lightweight (which is good) but I don't think it would survive a fall. It's a fingerprint magnet, but that's about the only gripe I have. I plan on sticker'ing and painting it anyway :) The gig bag, as other as said, is basically just a dust jacket. I'm cool with that because that says to me that the majority of the money I spent on this ukulele really was for the ukulele, not the extras!For the price, this ukulele more than serves its purpose. I was worried that I'd regret not shelling out another $20 or $30 for a more frequently recommended ukelele, but I don't regret it at all.It's pretty easy to learn, especially if you have the littlest bit of musical knowledge or experience. Even if you don't, it shouldn't take you too long to be playing some songs! You have the gift of internet where there is information everywhere!This ukelele is perfect for a beginner or for someone who wants a cheap backup or travel option. Plus, it's not costly so if it breaks/gets lost/stolen/you choose to upgrade, you haven't lost a whole lot of money.This would also be great for kids who want to learn an instrument. My little brother has been nagging me to get him a ukulele since I got one!That's about all! I will update if any problems arise in time.Don't hesitate. If you're new, don't worry about spending $50+ on something else (I mean, if you can and want to, go ahead!). This will be more than fine.Edit: Apparently, this thing fluctuates between $20-30. I was $24.95 when I got it. If it's $30, wait a few days and see if it goes down. I mean, it's worth the money but if you can save a little and spent that extra $5 on a new pack of strings, that would be even better.(I give it 4 stars and not 5 simply because while I have not played other ukuleles, I am certain that there ARE better. That's just how it is. The more $ you spend, the better. But this is definitely pretty solid over all for what it is and how much it costs!)
I have acoustic guitar experience to a novice level, but I have also wanted to learn the Ukulele for quite some time. As I had never so much as touched a ukulele before buying this one, I looked for a low-cost soprano to see whether I would enjoy playing such a similar looking but very different sounding and smaller instrument.Upon receiving this item, I tuned it up and had a little play using a few basic chords I learned. The Uke sounded acceptable, but I was (slightly) disappointed by the sound of the default supplied strings. Also at first (as I expected), the Ukelele went badly out of tune quickly when playing, but after a few hours the strings broke in and now keep their tuning with only occasional minor tweaks required.Of course, most cheap ukuleles come with fairly terrible (and cheap) strings so it would be wrong of me to be too critical when this instrument cost so little. I have now ordered some Aquila strings from Amazon to replace the default strings - i.e. I bought theAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele Strings. I am still waiting for delivery on these, and will update this review when I eventually fit them as to the difference it makes, (which I expect will be a significant improvement in sound based upon my research.) To be honest though, the default strings on this ukulele aren't *too* bad so I may wait a while to install the Aquilla strings until I can play more competently and get the benefit of them!As far as the design and quality of this ukulele goes, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed. The paint-job was blemish free and well done, the unit appears to have been assembled well using adequate components, and the tuner backs on the reverse of the headstock are decorative little gold dolphins, which is a nice touch. The unit definitely belies its price and is a very nice looking instrument.For the money it costs, it is difficult to voice any serious gripes at all with this ukulele. I'm very much looking forward to getting more competent with the instrument over the coming months. I really couldn't imagine giving this ukulele anything less than a full five stars - it's great.
This is a great little ukulele to have around the house.  I originally ordered a different one and got this one in error, but Musician's Friend showed exceptional customer service and refunded me the entire amount of my purchase (which included a change out set of strings), and told me to keep it all too!  I was floored!Back to the ukulele-At first I thought this was cheap enough to knock around and abuse, but I found myself actually liking this one!  The action is fine, and with a change of strings, it sounds pleasant too.  I used the D'Addario J53 black nylon strings.  The tuning is a bit off, but easily compensated. It's a fun strum and well worth the $20!
Great starter Uke. got this for my wife she just loves it. Stays in tune. good sound.The price was right.
The U-30 is a decent starter's ukulele, no matter what color you get, but it is not without its flaws. The tuners feel cheap, but they are functional, much better than friction tuners on "toy" ukuleles. The body paint is of good quality and resists scratches with ease, but the paint on the fretboard comes off easily unto your fingers. The string action is low, making it perfect for fast strum patterns. Even for a soprano ukulele, this one has a higher pitched sound with little sustain, which is actually quite authentic for those desiring a more "Hawaiian" sound, but the tiny sound and low sustain make playing along with other instruments problematic, unless using a microphone. The worst aspect of this ukulele are the strings, it takes forever to stretch them or "break them in." This means that you must tune your ukulele virtually after every song, so beginning ukulele players should remember to get a chromatic tuner. Chords that use the first fret, such as F and A sound distorted for some reason. Replacing the included strings with Aquila strings makes this ukulele much better, but the added cost puts it in the price range of what I would consider a true starter's ukulele, the Lanikai LU-11. The included gig bag is almost useless, it has absolutely no padding and is very tight. In conclusion, its low price and distinctive high pitch "Hawaiian" sound make up for its shortcomings. I would not recommend this as your only ukulele, or even a starter, since the problems with first fret chords will train your ear in a wrong way. I would recommend the U-30 as a backup or "disposable" ukulele that you can take anywhere, without fear of damaging or losing it, but for a little more money, you can get better.
This is a great little uke for the money... I've bought them for my kids and quite a few for gifts... As many have noted, tuning stability improves GREATLY after the strings stretch in... One suggestion - If you're willing to add a 4-7 bucks to the purchase price, buy a set of D'Addario or Aquila strings and put them on right away... The stock strings are pretty poor, even a set of 4 dollar strings is a vast improvement. Other than that, I love these little guys, and plan to keep on buying them... Finally, if you buy this (or any other uke) do yourself a favor and watch the movie "Mighty Uke"... You won't stop smiling...D'Addario J65 Ukulele Strings, SopranoAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele StringsMighty Uke: The Amazing Comeback of a Musical Underdog
I should have researched this a little bit more. It was a gift for a child, but a child couldn't tune this thing nor could I! It was a toy, not an instrument.
My kids are all interested in learning the Uke.  This one really appealed to my son because of the front design.  Plays well and keeps in tune.
I recently ordered this ukulele and 4 others while researching products for my senior adult choir at church as I wanted to give them a few options.Okina UK100 Soprano Ukulele with Rosewood Fingerboard - NaturalDiamond Head DU-150 Ukulele, NaturalMahalo U-30OR Painted Economy Soprano Ukulele (Orange)Lanikai LU-11 Soprano UkuleleKala KA-15S Mahogany Soprano UkuleleThe Okina, Diamond Head and Mahalo were all under $30 at the time and within $2 price of each other.  Of the three, I thought that the Mahalo was the best offering both visually and in terms of tone quality.  The Okina had a poor sound quality even compared to my own 20- and 40-year-old ukuleles (which had the original strings).  A string upgrade to Aquila strings helped significantly, but even then, the Okina still had a far worse sound quality at this price level.The Diamond Head and Mahalo both sounded better even with the stock strings and each includes a very nice (for this price) little gig bag.  Incidentally, what the Mahalo product description says is a "color-matching brown gigbag" ended up being black, but black is pretty standard gig bag color.  The Mahalo has the most "island" look to my eyes and the best sound.  Much of the sound can probably be attributed to the strings which are more substantial than the Diamond Head's.  That being said, it still makes financial and practical sense to get the Mahalo since it's so near the same price (compared to the  Diamond Head) and has better strings already installed.  I've also reviewed the Lanikai and Kala on their own pages.
I guess I did not expect much, since it was so cheap. Just know that you get what you pay for when you buy this. I got it for my son, and he wasn't impressed. Does not have good sound, but hey...if you're just wanting a toy, go for it.
not high quality, but has cut dolphin detailing on the tuners, just as described, works like it should, good or begginers
I doubt you can beat this for $25! The uke is a solid little guy.  I shimmed the bridge a little because I can play hard, but it wasn't bad. Pretty well in tune up the neck.  Strings are ok but I do have some Aquilas to put on; will see if it matters much.The tuners ARE geared, not friction like in the one picture --- at least, mine are.The carrying bag is just that, with no padding or other protection, but keeps the rain off.
Bought this for my bass playing step son,  dont know if he uses it but I loved the green,,  I have two, a soprano and tenor  ( Larger ) cant play for crap, but liked the look.
I'm not a ukulele player, nor do I pretend to be one, but I am guy that likes to make music and I can happily say that the Mahalo U-30GN is a perfect addition to my instrument collection. Worth noting is that you will need to tune the ukulele each time you play for the first few weeks until the strings are &#34;broken in&#34;, but from what I've read and gathered, this is par for the course. Lastly, if you're going to order one, I suggest pairing it with a pack of felt picks. Cheers!
