This was something I HAD to pick up, simply due to the price.  I own a Shure SM57 and compared to this, the sound is very close, not dead on, but I'd consider this over other mics for someone on a budget.The  top does not spin like the Shure and the weight is much lighter due to the material used to cut cost I'm sure, but none the less, it makes no difference sound wise.Overall, a great buy!
I've used this mic with my Tascam US-800 Audio Interface, and PC, to record a high school chorus concert, and have gotten very good audio reproduction from this microphone. I placed one of these microphones as a soloist microphone, and one as a piano/instrument microphone, and have gotten great results from both. The reproduction of the sound was very good. The mic seems very solid in build, and able to possibly take a little abuse, which is good with a travelling recording system, but I definately wouldn't TRY dropping one, even though they're a nice metal case, and metal grill. I'd recommend these mics to anyone looking to get a good reproduction of sound for both vocals, and instrumentals, on a budget. I have yet to try these with micing guitar amps, but that's my next step, as well as drums.
I ordered 1 just to try it since it was so cheap, the first one arrived in non working condition, wires inside werent even soldered, so i ordered a replacement, plugged it in and it didnt work either, the second wasnt soldered either.I know its cheap, but i expected it to at least work, do not buy
This is a great microphone for 10 bucks, (did I just say $10?....LOL) it does not have the same sound as a Shure SM 57, but it is kind of close. I used it as an overhead microphone on drums, recorded an acoustic guitar with it, and it worked perfect. Seen some reviews about &#34;hiss&#34; from this microphone, the &#34;hiss&#34; is from the cheap XLR into 3/4 connection (who uses that kind of connection anyway?, would have been great if it included a real XLR but cannot complain) after I swapped out the cheap cord and replaced it, hiss was gone, a no brainer really. I have been a producer/engineer for over 3o years, this is a great utility microphone, if you need an overhead, or a microphone to put in front of a guitar amp, slap it on percussion etc... it will work just fine, the sound, it is quite clean actually, for $10 it is a steal. If this one last a few months may pick up a couple more for my studio, as I can never have enough microphones. Every microphone has it uses. I would not recommended putting this up for a vocalist but as a utility microphone you cannot beat price and quality, well constructed pro like product.
OK, I just got this mic in the mail a few hours ago. I did a little comparison to a pretty old SM57 that I've have since 1990ish and it was actually very good. The Pyle has more gain then the old 57 and as for sound I would say they are damn near identical to my ear. I did the A/B test by mic'ing a guitar cab and recording a hi gain metal guitar riff trying my best to keep the mic's in the very same positions. I would recommend for sure. Here's a link to an A/B comparison I did with an SM57. [...]
This microphone feels well built from all metal construction and the XLR connector mates firmly with most cables. The included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect.The mike exhibits rich vocal tone throughout the frequency range with resonant lows, smooth midrange and crisp highs. For almost any singer or announcer, this will be just what they need. The cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production. The sound is unbelievable, especially at this price. For under twenty dollars, this Pyle-Pro mike can't be beat.One issue I have with this mike is when using it on a Tascam DR40 portable recorder with an XLR to XLR cable, the Tascam generates a digital pulsing noise into the input electronics. Both of my Pyle Pro mikes have the same problem, but both mikes work perfectly with any other device. The Tascam D40 is known for this noise issue, but usually not when using the XLR input.
This mic is good considering the price. Does it sound exactly like a 57? No. Do it have a decent quality sound? Absolutely. If you're expecting an SM57, then buy an SM57. If you want something close, on. A budget, this is your mic. Great value and good sound.
