This Review is for the (JOYO CRUNCH DISTORTION)  I have a few OD's including a OCD, a fuzz and a modded Rat but thought for $30 bucks from Crazy Cart this might be a cool distortion pedal. And it is. It's very articulate and gives you good Marshally 70s/80s crunch. Cleans up nice with the guitars volume and retains your guitars sound. It's almost OD-ish in it's responsiveness. It's not super heavy distortion though. I'm a blues/classic rock guy and it'll do fine for heavy, classic rock distortion but it's not a modern metal pedal. For the price its amazing. I really love it. I'm so impressed with this pedal that I've ordered the Sweet Baby and will probably get a couple of others while they're still cheap.
This is supposedly a clone of the MI Audio Crunch Box.  I can not comment on this as I have never played this pedal.  What I can say however with 30 years playing experience is that this is a very good pedal.  When one takes into account the price it is a great pedal.  I own this the classic overdrive and the ultimate overdrive by joyo.  This has the most distortion.  It has a nice ragged edge to it and is great for classic to hard rock.  It does have a bit of noise at high gain but much less than the boss stuff I have had experience with. It is solidly built and apprears road worthy.  great pedal and great value. I would have no hesitation buying this or any other joyo product
Great clone of a much more expensive Crunch Box pedal.  True bypass.  Knobs and switch are sturdy.  Great for amps that have only a master volume and no gain knob because you can dial in the dirt at bedroom levels.  This is a Marshall type distortion (more mids, less scooped).  No Brutalzzz - there are better pedals to cop the scooped 5150 or triple rectofier kachunky palm muting downtuned type thing, but you can get close with the right amp EQ and this thing dimed.  I agree with another reviewer- this thing has a very high output- so be forewarned the first time you plug in.  Unity is around 8 o'clock on the level knob.  It gets thumbs up for the sound/price ratio.  If you don't mind a longer shipping time, these pedals can be found more cheaply by searching the web.  This was my fourth Joyo pedal and I believe Joyo and the Dano Cool Cat line are some of the better deals going these days in terms of price/quality.
This Joyo JF-03 Crunch Distortion pedal is just amazing! My son has become a fairly decent guitar player over the past year and is moving beyond the basics, so was thrilled to get his hands on this distortion pedal. It was great to hear him play "Iron Man" through this pedal, it made a huge difference.The pedal produces a rich sound that has a nice sustain and tweaks easily with the three adjustment knobs (Gain, Volume, and Tone). This is also a very solidly constructed pedal that will hold up well to a lot of abuse. At the loudest settings there is a bit of "hiss", but it is easy to find where it starts and dial it back a bit.Highly Recommended!CFHEvaluation unit provided by manufacturer.
not bla bla bla, this joyo pedals are the best, any you get. that's it! thank u joyo im your number 1 customer.
Good:  Plenty of gain on hand.  Lots of sustain!This thing can get really loud.  It gives yourinexpensive tube amp that Marshall crunch.Built well, it's casing is made out of metal, not plastic.Inexpensive but performs and sounds just as well asboutique boxes costing 3 times as much.  If you're lookingfor your first cheap distortion pedal, forget the Boss DS-1 andget this one!  Well worth the money.Bad:  Adds a little noise & hiss specially to single coils (strats & teles).You might need to use a noise gate to tame the noise.Quieter with humbuckers but hums when I use it with my Xotic EP Booster whichI always keep on.  It doesn't happen when I boost my overdrives (OCD & Hardwire CM-2).If you move farther away from your amp, the hum disappears butyou can still hear some noise.  I guess this is typical for distortion boxes.No need to boost it though, it already has that thick & big sound to start with.It didn't come with a 9V battery as shipped, not a big deal 'cause I use a poweradapter anyway.
I really like this one as a pre to my Fender Superchamp X2 head, especially on the distortion channel.  It really adds some nice tone and lots of overtones... the only thing to be careful of is the tone knob as that is a HUGE sweeping circuit.  I was not able to get it even close to 1/2 way without it being just ugly, but that might be preference.  Also of note is that I ran my Fender Mustang bass guitar through this (active pickups) and I loved the grit that it gave the sound.  This is a great pedal for the $$ and it feels heavy and solid like any major brand.  Very nice work Joyo, I will be buying more of your pedals for sure.
This pedal is amazing. It is a very good sounding distortion pedal, seems to be very sturdy and the price is absolutely unbeatable. For $30 there is no reason not to try it. You won't be disappointed if you do!
If you hate fuzzy distortion then you will love this pedal I had a boss ds 1 and metal zone mt 2 and did not like them much because they're so fizzy they are ok but this pedal sonically sounds so much better to me. it does plexi tones very well on lower gain settings and full on Marshall crunch on higher settings if that is what you're looking for then this is for you. it offers rugged construction and true bypass. the only problem I have had is that unity gain is at around 9 o clock this pedal is hot and has lots of head room props to joyo for this mi crunch box clone.
this pedal ...i tried it out thru a silver face fender twin...wow, it cranks,..!..it really will produce marshall plexi tones....especially noticeable in the lower registers...on the E and A strings...if you want a marshall  stack sound , this is it,,,if you wanty a variety , i would recommend using this in line with one or two other distortions, so you can chose any amp sound you need,,,really people, for these prices i bought one of every pedal these guys make...and they all are super,,!
I've been very happy with all of my Joyo pedal's I've gotten, but I really love this one.  I use it with a crate amp with a tube pre-amp on the clean channel with my strat and it sounds great.
A bought this pedal to see how such a cheap stomp box could get such great reviews.  Plugging it in and playing it for 5 minutes one can see.  It has tons of gain on tap, it responds well to the guitars volume knob, it creates a wall of overdriven amp tonal love.The pedal cuts through and is articulate.  It's not for modern metal but it can do any kind of hard rock.  Think AC/DC and Van Halen to Metallica.  It's a classic rock pedal that screams!!!Buy it.
This pedal is very easy to use!  Retro sound is rich with harmonics- does have the Marshall sound- very satisfied!
According to the ad copy, this pedal "replicates Full-Stack Marshall crunch."As the other reviewers will testify, it does indeed do just that.What I'm loving about this pedal is that it really is very amp like.  Dial back the volume on your guitar and it cleans up.  Its responsive to your picking attack, its distortion is very very harmonically rich, and it does give you a Marshall type sound, good boost in the mids and bass, giving your tone the sonic density that those amps are famous for.Sad to say, it actually does the full-stack thing better than my ProCo Rat, which has for years been my favorite distortion pedal.  The Rat is fantastic and I have no plans to sell mine, don't get me wrong, but the Crunch Distortion can get the raging full-stack tones the Rat can, but has a tighter bottom end, less noise, and a more open sound than the Rat.  Individual notes ring out great on the Crunch Distortion.  Its a great pedal period.  Its a darn guitar miracle at $40.As a side point, I play lots of Ramones stuff and this pedal, more than any other, gives me that awesome Johnny Ramone tone.  I was running my gold-top with P-90's into this pedal, then into the sparkling clean '65 twin reverb setting on my Fender Mustang II (this pedal plays well with modeling amps, which is a rarity, let me tell you) and with some tweaking I was getting a FANTASTIC Ramones tone, better than I've ever got with my Rat, my Boss DS-1, DS-2, HM-2, ANYTHING else I've owned (and I've owned over 2 dozen other dirt boxes over the years).  This is the pedal that finally did it, it just nails that cranked 70's Marshall stack sound.My hat's off to Joyo.  They made a fantastic distortion, one of the very best I've ever played, and they're practically giving it away.  Buy one, you'll use it, you'll love it, you'll be happy you bought it.
i own this pedal and the one it is cloned from. there is no difference in the sound at all. this pedal is a hot rodded marshall in  a box.it does 80's hair band and 80's metal very well.if you're looking for those sounds you will not be dissapointedif you are looking for more variety of marshall sounds and the authentic &#34;plexi&#34; or &#34;brown&#34; sound get the joyo british. it nails those sounds well.
JCM800 in a 30 dollar box? Not quite.  You can't really get there without actual tubes being distorted.To me, its good for getting that kind of over the top, wild 80s midrangey Marshall sound.  To me though, it sounds too much like a pedal, and not enough like the real deal.  To me, the Hot Plexi sounds more "real", closer than this.  That being said, this pedal can be cleaner than the hot plexi.BUT, if you turn the tone down, and scoop your amps mids significantly (I'm talking about 2 of 10 on the knob, where 0 of 10 is too much and gives you "Kill em all" style hollowness that isn't good), it gives a nice dark, throaty, lower-mid rich tone that would be great for metal.  Yes, you're not supposed to scoop the mids on the amp, but this pedal is nothing but mids and scooping them tames the fizzyness.  So it's like Ghostbusters ....sometimes you just gotta cross the streams, and it works to filter out some of the harshness. I'm not even talking about Vintage Metallica scooped, its just scooped enough so it doesn't sound harsh in the high end and mids and sounds more like the Black Sabbath to Scandinavian metal tone I like to dial in (basically dark and dry, has a ton of mids but doesn't sound like Boston at all).I use it with a Marshall Class Five, pedal's tone at about 3 of 10.  Amps tone controls (Marshall Class 5 through a 4x12) at Bass 3, Mids 1 or 2, treble 6, set to headphone mode for a darker tone.
I've reviewed several Joyo pedals now and have loved almost all of them...not just because of the price ($40 to $50), but also because of their (apparent) durability and tone quality that would be appreciated at any price.  But ultimately, I decided that this is somewhere between a 4* and 5* review, and I just can't give it the 5* review I've given the other Joyo products I've tried out thus far.* Extremely high output and high sustain *When I first plugged this thing in, I had it set up similar to any other distortion pedal I would try out with my Les Paul and VOX combo amp - with the dials all at 12 o'clock (50%).  Big mistake.  This pedal has an EXTREMELY high output.  Depending on the Gain setting, I was achieving output parity with the clean signal with the Volume set at around 25%.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, and it's certainly better than having no headroom to set the pedal louder (a frequent criticism of the BOSS DS-1), but it's something to be aware of.Also, I read several comments here that this "isn't a high gain distortion".  I couldn't disagree more.  This thing has TONS of gain.  I think people are thrown off by two things: (1) The name, which pays tribute to the MI Audio Crunchbox it clones; and (2) The clarity/transparency of the tone, particularly the higher-end range, that shines through at all Gain levels.  "Crunch", in my mind, refers to a punchy, cleanish tone that has just a little bit of breakup in its character.  The Crunch Distortion has a tone that doesn't really breakup or get "fizzy" as you turn up the Gain, but that's not what "Gain" really is.  The Gain knob increases the saturation and sustain of the note(s), but I think people are fooled by the fact that the sound doesn't crack up.  Hit a barre chord and see how long the note holds with the gain turned up.  This actually makes the pedal very useful for lead work, also, which is one of the JF-03's strengths.* The setup is weird, but workable *Because of everything I described above, you may use some weird dial configurations to get the tone you want.  My level is usually around 25% to 40%, and is still very loud.  The "crunchy" classic rock tone that other reviewers talked about does exist, but only at around 5% to 15% of the gain setting.  And I had the tone knob generally working from 9 o' clock to 12 o'clock, as it got a little too bright to go any higher.  (Again, this is with Les Paul humbuckers.)  Ultimately, what I decided was that this pedal has enough bass, not too much in the midrange, and very distinct high end frequencies that come through very clearly.  If you play gigs and are having trouble cutting through the other instruments, I'd imagine this pedal would do the trick!* It's costs less than half of many of it's true "competitors" *While the affordability aspect is distinct from "quality", it cannot be ignored.  Part of my initial disappointment was based on a side-by-side comparison with my MXR '78 Custom Badass Distortion.  The latter did have a fuller sound to it, and was arguably better for rhythm work.  But that's an $80 custom shop pedal from MXR.  Try comparing this pedal to a $40 Boss DS-1 or MXR Distortion + and it blows them out of the water (in my opinion).  I'm not sure want to roll with the Crunch Distortion being the only dirt box on my board, but if you used it with a specific purpose in mind (like a lead/gain boost), you could afford this and Joyo's excellent "Ultimate Drive" overdrive pedal for still less than most boutique or even BOSS distortion pedals go for.UPDATE - About a week into owning this pedal, I did revise this score from a 5* to a 4* rating.  If you graded the pedal in a "vacuum", I could absolutely see a 5* rating for the $40 price tag.  But ultimately, there are just a few more problems and quirks about this pedal that I haven't had with other Joyo products, so the score should reflect that.  Please note also (which I didn't realize before) that the internal trim pot for "presence" is NOT easily accessible unless you are prepared to remove the circuit board and the three jacks that are connected to it.  A distributor confirmed for me that this is necessary if you want to make the adjustment, and I have no interest in trying to take apart fragile components for a small change that might not even do anything.
