Other pedals in this category can be anywhere from 50-150 and more.  I just wanted a decent simple pedal that could be used on occasion with my garage band buddies.  This is perfect.  I've only used a few times so I can't testify to the durabilty, but it sounds great.  Does exactly what you want out of an analog delay pedal.
First, let me tell you what this pedal can't do.  It won't do long delays.  So, if you're into the sound of The Edge from U2 or David Gilmour, look for something else.  Expect to shell out over a hundred dollars for a delay pedal with lots of knobs and switches that are more versatile.  But if you just need a slapback delay or just a touch of ambience, this pedal will not disappoint!  Analog delay pedals are known to have a warm tonal characteristic.  Users of MXR Carbon Copy swear by them.  But for around $30, the Rogue pedal will get you close, minus the longer delay time.  I've read in some guitar forums that these are the same as the Belcat and Modtone boxes.  The pedal itself looks sturdy, made out of metal.  Compared to my digital delay, the Rogue sounded warmer, although my other delay has a switch for "echo" that made it warmer too.  This pedal sounded good and I have no complaints.  I don't use a long delay time, in fact, I don't max it out.  I only use about 75-80 percent.  Before judging this pedal, please experiment on it's placement on your pedal board.  The user manual advises you to put it before the distortion but unfortunately, it doesn't sound good on my rig.  Placing after the distortion pedal sounded better.  However, everytime I use the dirt channel of my Traynor YCV40, the tone gets muddy.  Now it's in the effects loop just like my other delay.  The sound has better definition.  It might sound different on your amp but at least try placing it before the distortion, then after the distortion and finally, the effects loop in your amp.  Ultimately, you and your gear will have the last say.  Overall, a good deal for the price.  I'm thinking of setting up a smaller board of 4 inexpensive pedals for that grab and go situation where my big board will be too cumbersome.  And if anything goes wrong, I can easily replace the pedals (Joyo, Rogue, Mooer).  Play on!
I have had this pedal for a while and prefer it to my boss dd7 and the anolog is much more natural sounding. Its said that its not actually an anolog pedal however I think it does a good job at mimicking anolog sound. Ive played guitar and bass for over 10 years and had a few decent pedals in that time. I might be embarrassed about the label but not the sound. great pedal.
I wanted a delay pedal but I'm not playing for big money so I had to watch the $$$ I spent. I read the reviews on the lower dollar pedals and decided on the Rogue. I haven't had much time to REALLY play with it, but trying it out has been fun and I expect it will do the job for me!
I have countless delay pedals and racks. This inexpensive delay is very special. It has the tone and mojo of an analog delay. It won't give you a thousand features but it will get you close to that rich vintage analog delay tone that many of us are looking for. It sounds great clean or dirty. it's a relatively short delay, which is great for many genres. Long delays are generally unusable except for very short passages at the end of a phrase or surreal Eric Johnson like music. I would qualify this as a working musicians delay that can be used in the studio and in a live environment. It's bring an atmosphere of surrealism without going overboard, to your music. Pair it with a nice fuzz or overdrive and you'll be near the dark side of the moon. Many musicians use two delay pedals. I know, I often do. This one is my main delay and my 2nd delay is a very expensive feature rich stereo delay that is a bit sterile and only sees occasional usage. Both work together to help me find the tones that I am searching for. The unit itself seems sturdy and well made. I use carbon zinc batteries in mine. They just seem to sound better to my ears. Keep it unplugged when not in use and it lasts a long time.True bypass and no hiss. Great surprise as I never took Rogue seriously. Never thought it'd be my goto pedal.
The Rogue Analog Delay is well-constructed and feels very high quality given the price.  It's similar in size to an MXR stompbox, though the knobs are more reminiscent of a BOSS.  Delay is a very simple effect that is increasingly available on modeling amplifiers to cheap plastic entry-level pedals.I really have no complaints about the Analog Delay in terms of how it performs and sounds.  It does a good job of creating that ambient short delay sound up to about 320ms, or slapback rockabilly on quicker repeats.  It's just too bad that they weren't able to stretch out the delay time a little longer, perhaps to 450ms or 500ms.  Once you get into that territory, there's a much broader array of things you can play, including the U2-style phrasing repeats.  That being said, a digital delay is probably better for that task anyway.But it isn't fair to compare this pedal to an MXR Carbon Copy, and if you're looking for something cheap and surprisingly high-quality to provide ambiance, the Rogue will do just fine.
you can never have too many delays, so i pulled the trigger.  i was shocked at how good it sounds, not just &#34;for the money&#34; but over all.  it's won a spot on my pedalboard, and i'm picky.
