I bought this pedal new, hoping to get an electric solid body guitar to sound somewhat like an acoustic guitar on stage.  I knew going in that it would not sound like a Martin D-28, but I thought it would be good enough to play a couple of acoustic parts without having to switch guitars.Imagine my profound disappointment.Really, Boss??? This is by far the worst pedal I have ever used of yours.  This thing has a terrible hiss when you turn the "Top" control higher than about 9 o'clock.  At first I thought I must have a defective unit, but then I started reading reviews on-line.  Seems like it is part of the design. It's too bad because one can hear some promise in the faux acoustic tones, hidden beneath a wall of fizz. Totally unusable, as far as I'm concerned. By the way, I tested it direct to a PA as well as into a guitar amp with a single coil guitar (strat).
Didn't purchase this pedal from Amazon, but wanted to write a review. I wasn't expecting much from this pedal, but it is quite good. Is it a completely authentic acoustic sound? I'd have to say... not exactly. But it's kind of close, and it's a far cry from lowering your volume and raising your master, which still sounds distinctly electric. So far, the setting with the most convincing acoustic tones would be the Jumbo setting. Again, don't expect to sound completely acoustic -- it's a nice way to at least approach that sound. Check out some Youtube tests before buying.It's &#34;okay&#34; on my Blues Jr. NOS, but really shines on my Crate TD-35, which is a brighter amp and less colored. I zero the spring verb and use the pedal's onboard reverb for best results.Used it with my Strat and also a humbuckered guitar with a Duncan Hotrod set. Sounds good with both guitars -- especially neck and center positions.Pedal is solid. Be advised that it comes with the 9-volt from the factory, so if you use a DC power source then you'll want to remove the battery. To do so, you'll see a black knob at the base of the pedal. Just unscrew it, pop the hood, and remove the battery. Overally, solid pedal as you'd expect from Boss.A word of warning. Not sure if it's my setup, but when the AC-3 is in my effects chain (not a loop, but in front of the Blues Jr), I started getting really bad static sounds that sounded like the amp was malfunctioning -- burnt tube or the like. When I run it alone to my Crate, I haven't experienced this. Could be any number of things in my effects chain, so check if others experience this.I'm wondering if a small, cheap acoustic amp would help augment the acoustic tone with the pedal. Never tried running an electric into an acoustic amp. Not sure how a non-piezo pickup would affect the tone. Anyone know about this?
I guess the term toppy describes the sampling range, which picks up the higher notes. If you want to get the right effect, this is a good choice. For those of us, who find acoustic guitars difficult to play, this is solution. Personally I have a lazy blues style and my attempts to play acoustic guitars, too often feels like I am using a manual typewriter. This product does what it says on the box, but sounds better using hum bucker pickups, or if you play a strat, it sounds very good on the middle or neck pickup. Don't use the bridge pickup, as it doesn't sound too good.
It's amazing how it makes a electric guitar sound just like an electro-acoustic guitar. It's very useful when you don't want to carry two o three guitars, or when you can't buy an acoustic one. It's the best!
The Boss AC-3 is a serviceable acoustic simulator. I am the only guitarist and in my playing environment (children's church) and frequently need to switch back and forth between acoustic and electric. The AC3 does that job. Although it has several modes, the Jumbo mode seems to be most useful. Played through a carefully EQ'd amp, you can get a tone comparable to a plugged in acoustic electric with very bright settings. There is an audible hiss, less noticeable plugged direct into PA, noticeable plugged into a good, clean tube amp, out of control with humbuckers or solid states.The key to using this pedal is using it correctly.First and foremost: use single coils. Tested with a Les Paul with Burstbucker Pro's, the hiss was overwhelming. Played with an American Deluxe Strat with N3 Noiseless pups in the 3rd position, it actually performed very well on a crystal clean channel.Point two - any form of gain will create a ton of hiss.Point three - tube amps perform infinitely better than solid state amps (tested through a Frontman 212 and Vox Pathfinder vs an Orange Tiny Terror and Fender HRD).The AC3 is not a set it and forget it pedal. Based on the volume of the amp and the room you're in, you will need to tweek the EQ to find that tone. I've read that you can use an EQ pedal to get the same tones, I haven't found that to be the case. If your use for this pedal is to cover acoustic parts in a pinch, or in my case as the only guitar player, to switch from acoustic to electric parts quickly, this is a great fit.-2 stars for ever present  hiss, +3 for actually sounding like an acoustic when it's EQ'd correctly.
SummaryAcoustic sounds &#34;ok&#34;, but noisy in weird ways. I returned it. Price seems high for what it is and vs. alternatives in the marketplace.Pros- Boss case is metal, mechanical design is durable- standard 9V power, and the power jack is on the back where it belongs.- variety of acoustic sounds possible. (personally, I only thought 1 of them sounded realistic at all though)Cons- fizzy noise integrated with notes played (or chords)- generally kind of noisy in the pedal chain- While I have several Boss pedals, I think they always make the knobs too small and the font/print too small. I prefer pedals with larger and fewer knobs that can be tweaked with your toe if needed while playing.Details:The basic concept is good. I had an AC-2 (prior model) and sold it because it had a noise problem where there was a fizzy noise when you play a note. It wasn't in between the notes or when not playing, it was integrated with the sound of every note you played (or chord) and you could not filter it. It was also just noisy in the pedal chain. Adjusting your guitar volume down for higher gain pickups helps some. However, I sold that model because I didn't want the pedal in the chain with everything else and I wasn't happy with the sound. At the time, the AC-2's were selling for about $85 new. Boss since redesigned AND raised the price significantly on the AC-3.I bought the AC-3 hoping they had improved the issues of the AC-2 -- and they did, a little. But not enough to keep it. I returned it after a week because it still has the same basic issues, just not as pronounced. I think the AC-3 could work for gigging, but there are other choices that sound as good for $25 instead of $130 to $150 (with tax and/or shipping) so to me, the boss pedal is overpriced and not that great.I opted for a Behringer acoustic modeller instead. They make two -- a &#34;300&#34; and a &#34;400&#34;. The 400 has reverb on the pedal. I opted for the 300 and got it for $25. I expect the durability will be lower on the Behringer than the Boss as it has a plastic case. However, this is an effect I pull out just once in a while and since I can buy 4 or 5 or 6 Behringers for the price of a Boss....if it breaks...I'll just buy another.I also have a Boss GT-100 multi-effects unit. You can get the same or similar acoustic modelling sounds out of that, out of the Behringer or out of the Boss AC-3. The least cost effective of those choices is the AC-3 - and it has noise issues the other two don't have.I'm not saying its a bad pedal, I'm just saying it wasn't the best choice for me when considering the cost, the sounds, and my usage model. If they would fix the noise issues, I might have even kept it. I did opt to keep the Behringer for those times I'm using a discrete pedal board and want an acoustic model effect. This Boss pedal just didn't work that well for me.
