Most 12AX7 tubes do what the electrical engineers say they should. Psychoacoustics being what it is, I can't honestly tell you, for sure, Electro-Harmonix tubes are measurably better than the no-name Chinese tubes I replace. But I THINK the Electro-Harmonix tubes sound better, therefore they do. At $12 per shot, who cares? I suppose I could contrive a double-blind experiment to settle the existential question empirically, but I'd rather spend my time playing. Rest assured Electro-Harmonix is GOOD stuff and the price is right. Just do it.  ;-)
Needed a pre amp tube for my Hartke LH500 and ordered one of these....while waiting ended up buying and using a 12AX7 Groove Tube so this one still sits in my gear bag, waiting to be powered up. If that time comes Im sure this will be a great tube.
I retubed my Carvin X-60 combo with a duet of Mullards and 3 of these EH preamp tubes. Wow - they all come to life and make the amp sizzle. The price was right from AMZ.
I like the tone of this one better than the stock one in my Champ and in my Kustom Kontender. Also, I like it more than the JJ, but the difference is subtle. The JJ version seems to be a bit brighter and slightly more noise (in a good way, but not what I want for me).
Received a new 500w Hartke 2x10 bass combo at church, tube pre and ss power amp. The preamplifier has one 12AX7. It was an EH. It went very microphonic after about ten hours playing time. After talking to Larry Hartke, decided I got a bad tube. He would not send a warranty replacement. My suggestion - new stock tubes are probably not tested prior to installation. Replace all stock tubes with tested tubes from someone like Doug's tubes, tube depot, eurotubes, or some other reputable tube vendor. I don' t trust ebay tubes and won't spend the hard earned cash on NOS. Replaced with a JJ, but should have used a Tungsol reissue.
Like the previous reviewer, I bought this to switch out the stock one that came in my mic preamp, and it just did wonders to warm the sound. Only problem is, now I am eyeing my amp, all it's tubes, and thinking... if one little adjustment made such a difference in a pre-amp, imagine what some of these will do in my fender! Sigh! Always something!Anyway, this is great! I am sure I will get more!
