This installed easily. A nice feature is ability to unclip the shoulder pad from the mounts on the instrument.  When the pad is installed the strap is very comfortable and eased any shoulder pain I might have had with earlier straps.  A keeper for sure.
I used this strap for the first time during a rehearsal last night. I typically practice sitting down without a strap when I am alone, but stand up when rehearsing or performing with a band. I had previously used a very expensive 2" padded leather cradle type strap, which I really liked. I sold that banjo and the strap with it, but recently re-acquired another banjo and wanted a good strap, but was not willing to pay the $80 again for a premium padded leather strap. I saw all of the great reviews for this strap and the affordable price and took a chance. I am glad I did.This strap may not be as elegant as fine leather, but it is made extremely well and feels very durable and substantial in its construction. What blew me away is that my full tone ring banjo, which weighs about 14 pounds, literally felt half as heavy. It is no joke. At first, the feeling was unnerving, because the strap has some elastic give to it. You get this dual sensation of a) the banjo feeling super light and b) as if the banjo is going to sink to the floor. Paradoxical I know, but that's where the magic of this strap is. It is almost as if the banjo is floating in front of you, but in reality it remains very stable when playing.Like I said, the build quality is outstanding. My only critique of the design is that it is very modern and non-traditional, so you also have to get used to the contrast of a traditional instrument, like a 5-string bluegrass banjo and the newer style and design of this strap.This is not just a good strap for the money rather it is a great strap at any price point. I think I might try these on my electrics (though I already have literally hundreds of dollars invested in a stable of those high end padded leather straps).
Comfortable and easy to adjust for length.Additionally, it easily snaps off the banjo when you want to put the banjo in a tight case...My case is tight around the head, so I unsnap the strap and store it in the case by the neck of the banjo.
Padded portion of strap is quite soft and comfortable.Both ends are a loop.  You disonnect the quick release buckles and loop ends through banjo head retainer rods. Easy to do, and you can vary locationGood Product - I would from this manufacturer again.
I have bought and used about every banjo strap known to man, the Neotech is by far superior to anything else I have hooked up to my Gibson ESS.  The straps are easy to hook and unhook, I have two sets on my banjo, one set for the Neo and another for the harness I use when the back needs a rest.  It's easy to uphook one and hook the other.  Well done and I like the bounce feature, softens out the jolts.
This is the most comfortable strap I have ever used.  I have been a guitarist and bassist for over 40 years and although I have only been playing banjo for a short time, this IS the most comfortable strap I have ever used.  The clips look solid and so far they are solid.
The strap arrived ontime and the package was in great condition.  The strap was easy to attach to my banjo and is very comfortable.  I would recommend this strap to anyone looking for a cost effective banjo strap.
Fantastic strap.  Nope, it isn't leather or tooled or all that kind of stuff...  But it is really comfortable and fitted with ease even my CC-OT banjo that has a *really* tight spacing (all the others I tried were a bit of work to fit through the brackets).  Had it on my heavy weight resonator bluegrass, once again extremely comfortable and sturdy, so had to buy another so I can just have one on each.
