It is exactly what you need in a capo! You can cover all six strings, move one string over to get a drop d tuning or turn the capo upside down to get a partial capo (though a bit of adjusting may be needed to get the strings held down.).All in all, a great capo that is well made and will last forever.Kyser is an awesome small Christian company and I really like their products and supporting them with my purchases. :]
Love these capos and nice that you can get them in other colours.  Prevents you from getting yours confused with some one elses.
My son needed a Capo, expensive at music  shop where he takes lessons.  At Amazon found what he wanted at reasonable price.
The title says it all.  I got it for $16 (free shipping with Amazon Prime), which is cheaper than my local music store.  I keep it on the head of the guitar, and it is easy to add, move, remove.  With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used.  It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  And best of all... it works!
I like it, it works well with my takamine acoustic jasmine s35 guitar. And it looks good. Overall, I recommend.
Quick to clip on and off. Really... Is there anything else to say? What else do you want it to do?These suckers are wonderfully reliable.I've had one for about 10 years. The only thing that went wrong with it was the removable rubber on the "bottom" of the capo became damaged because of my own neglect. However, for a $1, keyser sent me a bag of a about 6 of them. Can you go wrong? NO!Great product!
a couple of bucks more than dunlop...which i have not tried..i own a couple wish they were cheeper i would have one in each case..but it works fine..and is well made...arrived on time..enjoy
Like this camo capo's simplicity and its unique color.  My friend got a new one after seeing me using it, but his is a bit shorter than mine.  Mine works both uke & acoustic guitar, I have no problem to use it on single hand.  As the manufactor suggests for its duration, I don't clip it on the guitar when it's not in use. :)
This Capo looks great and does the job. It does take a bit of pressure to open the camp, but its better then the winding versions.
Purchased the 6-string Kyser capo when I meant to get the 12-string version (slightly longer, stronger spring?), but find that this 6-string Capo not only works great on my 2 6-string acoustics, but also works on my 12-string acoustic with a little adjusting.  Quality seems top notch, design is simple and effective.
I've owned the same one for 10 years and it's still going strong after many gigs. The spring tension is just right.
Basically because they are the easiest to squeeze in my opinion.  I have big hands which may be part of it.
high quality hassle free design.  Very quick and easy to install and remove in a hurry and dosn't mar the finish or use excessive force,  but strong enough to move the capo all the way close to the next fret closer to the headstock to allow maximum room for my fingers without any buzzing.  Very happy with this purchase.
I have had one for two years and no complaints, needed another for my travel guitar.  The lever arm is coated with a soft plastic sleeve which protects the neck, the spring is firm and in 2 years has not given up any tension. Finally on the string compression side the material is firm yet supple.  I take particular caution to make sure that I don't leave it on anything that would indent that material permanently...
I've seen and used many different types of capos over the years and they range from the very cumbersome and difficult to use to the easily breakable but I've never used one as convenient and as well constructed as this Kyser one.  It is by far the best I've ever seen and I've been using it for years now and it still works fine.  It makes moving the capo quickly a cinch and the gold doesn't corrode or tarnish making it look like new even after all these years.Very highly recommended!
It is very well made, is easy to use, and holds down the strings just fine.  It is well protected as to not scratch or nick your guitar.
Durable, affordable, easy to grasp and use.
This capo is as good as I've ever used and its in pink which perfectly matchs my shell pink strat. Great deal.
I currenty use two types of capos - the Kyser one and Shubb capos.  Both are the most popular capos around but have different strengths and weaknesses.The benefits of the Kyser is that it is the quickest changing capo I've come across, doesn't require tension adjustment, and can clip to the end of the headstock when not in use.  The primary benefit of the Shubb is that it has adjustable tension (and second, it's smaller).The main drawback of the Kyser is the lack of adjustable tension.  Because it's designed to work across the fretboard, it will apply more force than necessary to clamp down the lower frets, causing frets to wear faster over time.  Because of this I prefer to use the Kyser on my less expensive guitar and the Shubbs on the guitar I baby.
Easy to useGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thank you very much
Got what I needed - a basic capo for a good price.  The tension is a little tighter than I'd like, but works for me.  Covers all strings, and depresses them fully.  I don't use it often, so I can't speak to its longevity, but good for me!
I've played guitar for 5 years. Seen many different capos, but none that quite satisfies me as the Kyser.You really can't go wrong with this capo. It is very mobile, easily adjustable, sturdy, and durable.What's good about this capo is that you can use it as a regular 6 String capo and still turn it around to use it asa Cut capo. The transparent rubber piece does the same job.It comes in different colors also.I own the black, silver, gold, and camo Kyser capos.I also own the Cut Capo for other styles.I recommend it!All the capos I've had from Kyser are still in great conditions.Use them all the time at church and at home
I started using Kyser capos a couple of years ago and have never looked back since. I now own several of them and have not had any problems with any of them. They work great on acoustic and electric guitars and they have survived the many children I teach lessons to even though they get treated rather rough at times. Great capos. You won't be disappointed.
The handle and spring strength make this uncomfortable to place on the guitar, and I feel rushed to clamp on the capo because it's unpleasant to use - hurts the fingers. It's cheap and easy to use. It'll do the job, but I don't like it.
What's to say?  It's not a high end capo and for the price I can lose it ( like most of the other capos I have owned).  It's not a high quality capo and it does take a few adjustments to get it seated properly.
I originally bought this for my guitar and it worked very well for that, so I tried it out on my 4 string uke and it works just as great. It's so much better than the elastic capos. So, it's doing double duty and going strong.
This style of capo CAN throw your guitar out of tune if you don't put it on right. When used correctly though, it does it's job just fine.
I can only repeat what everyone else has already said: this Kyser capo is designed and built very well. It's easy to put on and adjust, and just as easy to take off. There are probably a few capos out there that are a bit flashier, but this is still pretty stylish. And the price makes it a real bargain.
