My partner won't put a pickup in his guitar and I get tires of luggin' an amp around (along with the rest of the sys) so this does the trick. Clip on the boom stand, stick a SM 57 on it and an SM 58 to sing in and your set. Holds tight.
The one I got did not have very much of the neon yellow rubber thing on the tip of the screw. I feel like if I tighten it too much, I could dent my mic stand tube. But I haven't dented anything yet, so perhaps I'm just too skeptical. In any event, it seems like a better design might make it easier to get attachments tightened down and facing the right direction. But everything works. It's getting the job done and I haven't seen a better option. All in all, a pretty good device.
I use this to mount to hi-hat or cymbal stands, as well as on mic stands. See my customer-supplied photos at the top of the page for examples.One thing I love about this extension bar is it will fit over the relatively large diameter down tubes on my hi-hat stands. I use anOn Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck, Blackto connect to the bar, then I attach either aNady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphoneor DM80 microphone. The bar-gooseneck arrangement is sturdy enough for that mic model.This also works well for mounting on microphone stands. I use it and a shorter gooseneck to mount the DM70 for tenor and alto saxophones, or a DM80 for baritones. Again, it works perfectly for my situations.I always keep a few of these, plus various size goosenecks, just in case I need to mount an additional microphone and I am short on stands. It's one more tool to make set up less stressful.
I use to mount a portable digital recorder onto the side of a mic stand. Very stable clamp mechanism, works very well. Price is good. Nice to have in your gadget bag.
I have a crowded rig already and the las thing I wanted was another mic stand.  I already have a straight stand with a Shure SH55 mounted on it as a talkback to call tunes to my band members.  I wanted to eliminate my wireless sax mic, as I was using it infrequently, and decided to mount a Heil Fin on this extension arm on the same stand as the talkback.  Nice and stable - no issues - works perfectly.
I tried it for iPad. It kinda wobbles up and down. It has a light strip of metal without a bracing design so it flaps up and down when something heavy is attached to the end such as my iPad.  I only recommend it for something light weight.  There's better ones out there. See my review on the music stand. That comes with a solid extension arm...
OK, it was cheap (nine bucks at the time), the design looked good and sensible, and it seemed a perfect solution to a real need. I bought it without hesitation. HOWEVER(!), once hooked up, I was very surprised how flimsy it is. I have a 13" gooseneck, a light condenser mic and small shock-mount on it. At the slightest movement of the mic stand this attachment flaps up and down like crazy and will continue this way for a something like a minute if not stopped by hand. Obviously, any small bump into the stand will once again set this off. Using it at home, I've gotten away with not touching the stand while recording by being very careful, but obviously this unit is far from ideal. Since then, I've gotten another sidemount boom from this same brand, and though I haven't really put through its paces yet, this other unit is rock solid and far more adjustable and reliable, AND only costs a few bucks more (On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom). For anyone considering this product, I HIGHLY recommend bypassing this one and forking out just a few more bucks for the On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom. You will be far far happier.Cheers!
