The Flashback x4 is an awesome sounding and flexible Delay pedal. I got this through a third party seller on Amazon for under $200 new... a steal in my opinion. Having three settings is awesome since I will use them all in a set. Having the tap tempo is a must and this one works perfectly. The toneprints are cool to choose from if you find something you enjoy on the website. It's simple to use my Galaxy to &#34;beam&#34; the toneprint into the pedal from the pickups - very cool technology, makes me feel like I'm on a guitar version of star trek. I can't say that I have a favorite delay type since they all sound so great. I am partial to the 2290 with modulation - very clean and very cool sounding without having too much chorus. The space setting is also very cool and has a hint of tremelo in the background, which coincides with the delay time - sounds great with a little overdrive added in.All in all, this is a great pedal and a purchase that I am totally happy with. It is by far the best delay pedal I have ever owned as well as being the most versatile. Five Stars from me!!!
First of all its huge... no., like really huge....But finally you get over that, but seriously, its huge.The three presets are what sets this apart, but this could have been so very much better... why?.the midi clock sync implementation is flawed..A. The midi clock sync of delay operation is erratic and largely unreliable, particularly if you wish to change presets during a song or turn them on/off.B. To have a midi in, and not be able to midi sync/quantize the looper.. sigh...like really?.. This means you cant play with a drum machine, sampler, sequencer or play with anyone that does!So, while this offers some functionality above the Flashback in that this unit gives three preset delays (only one of which can be used at a time) and can be used as a basic looper (along with the delay defined by the knobs), The downside is a very large footprint.Therefore:BUY if you have the space and either need the three presets, or have neither a looper OR a delay.CONSIDER PASSING if the looper or midi functionality is seriously driving your decision... both are weak, after the fact, implementations
This is far more pedal than I need but what a fun pedal to have.  Just going through the presets was fun, but downloading and trying the stuff they have available online was even funner :)  The bad part about this pedal is that it is HUGE and will take up a lot of space on your board.  You have to be committed to dealy.  You'll have 3 different presets available at one time from the footswitches.  I can't comment on the looper as I never used it.
You can set up 3 delays configurations, what is a interesting option to use on stage. Tap function also helps a lot. All type of delays are sounds beatiful...
No manual.  You can print one off the internet but it should come with one given it's price.  I purchase such so I could lay down a rhythem track then go into the solo while attempting to play live.  Don't believe this is what it is mean't for.  A simple delay looper will suffice.  This can do a ton of cool stuff but did not suit my needs.
