Onstage makes well thought parts for mounting things..  I use these all of the time for small cameras that are stationary..  I put them on a mic stand and it takes much less room than a full blow tripod..  They can't hold a heavy camera very well but a small one they will hold just fine..
I always put my recorder on the stage on a mini tripod that would get kicked over by band members. Now I put my recorder on my monitor mike stand and don't worry about it anymore. Simplicity at its best.
Fits nicely and tight on standard wide threaded microphone stands. If you have the smaller "screw headed" ends on your microphone stand, you can get a little threaded adapter at any music store for next to nothing. (Maybe a dollar, if they don't just give it to you.)Using this with stands that have a heavy round base takes up less space onstage and other places, as well as making it easy to relocate and keep out of the way.No need for a tripod stand with the legs folding up and out, getting in the way, plus most inexpensive tripods are cheaply made, very light and will break easily when moving gear or simply tripping over them.The base screws down all the way onto the stand until it is hand tight.The set screw allows for tilting and turning adjustment of the camera.The set screw presses against a ball-socket hinge and has a plastic thumb knob that seems a little fragile. I am very careful not to over-tighten in fear of twisting off the plastic thumb tightening knob.I am also leery of stripping the set screw or the threads inside the housing, but at this price I guess you can't expect to have a sophisticated adjustment mechanism, eh?There is a notch in the side of the housing to allow for a 90-degree preset angle.The metal thumbscrew that attaches the base of the camera to the adapter has a rubber washer as well as a thin rubber mat acting as like a cushioning gasket when tightened to your camera.Be careful. The metal thumbscrew can easily fall out from the holding plate when transporting, removing or switching cameras. I found a little 'plastic threaded washer-like ring' that screws onto the holding plate screw when not in use. You could easily find many types of washers, screws, plastic pieces, etc., to hold it in place when in storage or transport. You could also leave it attached to your camera. Either way, be careful not to let it fall out and get lost.Overall the "little thing" is quite solid, heavy and sturdy and takes up little to no real estate and does a great job at being small, basic, solid and inexpensive.It holds well when bumped or moved. Mine has absolutely "no slop" in it, does not wobble or come loose. I would not put a larger sized 8mm camera or heavy camera on this adapter. Most modern devices will do just fine.Again, just make sure you tighten it up 'just enough' to hold it well. Don't put the grip of Hercules on it and it should last for years. Mine has.I'm happy with mine and bought our drummer one for Christmas.Hope this helps!
I use this often to record my band's gigs. Now if they would make one that will hold a PAR 38 can so I can turn my extra mic stands into single can lighting racks!
Works well, pretty straight forward. A little over priced for what it is, but, sure beats having to purchase another complete stand.
Bought two of these inexpensive adapters and am very satisfied. I am not having any problems fastening to a stand or cam corder, and I am able to clamp the swivel lock very securely. I am only using for light-weight applications. Certainly worth the $7.
I was skeptical after reading the reviews, but the manufacturer must have read the same reviews because these things are solid and the glue that holds the rubber piece seems to be holding up well. No issues with the screw not tightening either. I plan to buy more of these in the near future.
I already had one of these for the studio from another vendor and picked this one up as well. It was really old and dusty like its been laying around for years but that aside it works perfectly to put my camera right where I need it. Holds Zoom recorder as well with no issues when I am recording. This works perfectly to transform any mic stand into a more than worthy tripod.
The plastic knob that you use to tighten the ball and socket doesn't grip very well and even the lightest camera will slip and sag. it's a great idea but not well executed.
