I think many/most guitarists are always on the lookout for new things and picks are and easy and cheap thing to try.  My favorite picks for the last ~8 years are Snarling Dogs Brain Picks - they're nylon picks that have a raspy "cat's tongue" surface that makes it super easy to grip.I've also had a few of these Gator Grip picks for a few years now and I like them quite a bit, but they're not my favorite.  I tend to use something around or just under 1 mm for electric and a bit less than that for acoustic.  These picks have a matte finish which makes it easy to retain your grip on them.  Sound-wise I don't find that they're significantly different from any other pick.  If they ever stop making Brain Picks these could very well become my #1.
I've been using the Dunlop Delrin 500 2.0 picks.  Purple ones with the turtle/500 on them.  I thought I had found my pick.  Because they were so slippery, I had to rough up each side to have enough texture to improve the grip (I'd rub each flat side against the edge of a honing stone).  At the music store I stumbled on the Dunlop Gator Grip 2.0.  Yes they do offer a better grip (I think they're still a little slippery but much better than the Delrin 500).  But since I solved that problem with the honing stone, I was more curious.  So - again, they are better, grip wise, but I was very surprised at the difference in tone.  They give a much mellower tone than the 500s and since I'm using these with flat wound 12s on an archtop - the less bright sound often is a better tone overall.  500s seem to be a harder material and are brighter.  I don't know what the Gators are made of but I do like the difference in sound. I'm not sure how they'd work on round wound strings - but great for jazz tones.
Smooth sound and attack. Grips soft, loose, and yet well. I own HUNDREDS of picks. These are some of my favorites.
I've been playing for more than 30 years. There are a lot of great products out there and I've tried a lot of them. I have to say that the feel and tone of these grey Dunlop Gatorgrip 2mm picks surpasses the Dunlop yellow gels, Fender 351 X-heavies, and Golden Gate or Dawg mandolin picks. This is just my opinion, but I hope you'll check them out because I'm sure you won't be disappointed!
It's a pick... everyone has their preference, but I happen to like the 1.14's a lot and the &#34;powder-y&#34; grip on these is a real bonus.  It take a bit to wear that off but they are still good when they are &#34;clean&#34; as well.
I use the 1.5 mm Dunlop Gator Grip for twenty years. The non-slip surface doesn't take long to wear off, but I have a work-around. I've even put them in a vice, and filed new points on them. I prefer an extra heavy pick because there's no delay from pick deflection.
You can't go wrong with these picks if you enjoy a full size pick.  They have a better grip and a more full sound (to my ears) over the Tortex picks.  I have since went to the Jazz picks but these picks are a solid product.
This pick is great for strumming. Some people are complaining about the grip but they are better than celluloid picks in that regard. If you are looking for the best grip you need to find a pick that has a textured grip.
Since they were named &#34;Gator Grip&#34; I expected them to have a good gripping surface.  That was not the case.  The entire material and holding surface is the same material.  Also they weren't as large as I expected.  They are still usable as decent picks.
I'm glad I tried these, I wont order them again. I thought they might be a good alternate for my Dunlop nylon picks, not really though.Edit: Im nothing if not fair. My last review of these was in the context of my playing my Strat or sometimes my 335. I stand by that review. However, now Im playing my Godin 5th Ave and suddenly these picks are perfect. Ive gone back and forth trying different picks with my guitars. In the end these are the picks I reach for when Im playing the Godin.I will buy these again. I changing my review from 'Just Okay' to "Contextually Perfect". Ok I'll add a star, your right I should add a star. There!
These have been my favorite pick for years now but, I must say that they are not real pointy and I have recently been trying some pointier pick and I'm now on the fence...
I started doing a lot of fingerstyle guitar playing, and it seems to have made my fingertips slick.  So I have a hard time holding on to picks (when I use them) on upstrokes.  I'm sure I could improve my technique and fix the problem, but it's more fun to blame the pick!  These picks were no different from picks without the &#34;gator grip&#34; IMHO.  But Gorilla Snot worked beautifully.
I've been trying to find a pick which combines a good grip, the right string resonance for strumming, and enough stiffness for accurate picking and these picks might be the closest I've found so far for my style of playing. I'm a naturally hard strummer so I want a pick that I can hold more loosely, strum more softly, and still get enough clarity and volume. I want to give them 5 stars but I think that would only apply if they were perfect for strumming and picking - they're very good for both but not quite what I would consider the ideal pick for me if one exists. If I were perfectly satisfied with these picks I would never buy any other picks. For now these are my preferred picks but I will keep experimenting with other brands and types of picks in search of that elusive ideal.
