Works well - easily keeps my guitars humidified with less maintenance than other humidifiers I've had.
Dampit was recommended to me by a guitar instructor years ago, and I have used the standard model for some time. It seemed kind of tricky to get it to hold enough water to humidify the guitar yet still get it dry enough to have absolutely zero drips inside the instrument.I used to hang it by the clip and let it drip dry for about 15 minutes while I was doing other things before placing it in the guitar.Later I wound up trying the Humidipak humidifiers and to help recharge them on a Dreadnought, I took to putting the Dampit in a gallon plastic bag with distilled water and a resealable top, pressing on the sides to saturate it, then rolling it up in a Planet Waves Microfiber polishing cloth and pressing on the end of the cloth to soak it. Then unroll the cloth, put the dampit in under the headstock where a drop of water would just go into the hard shell case, then rolling up the end of the polishing cloth to cover the wet end with dry material and pushing it into the sound hole over the humidipaks. Worked great.So I ordered a super dampit for my new 000 acoustic planning to do the same. They now ship without the clips. Company says they've had too many complaints about scratches, though I didn't seem to have a problem, wasn't about to take a chance with a costly new acquisition. More importantly, there is supposed to be a sponge to absorb water inside the tube and when I pressed on the sides of the tube, it was empty. So I sent it back to Amazon for a refund. No problem getting the refund, but I'm moving on from dampit to try the planet waves insert with a sponge that has eliminated the chance of water dripping in the guitar or damaging the finish.If you use it to soak the polishing cloth as described above, that still works great, but there's really not enough room for that in the OM model, so between that and the missing sponge, will just try something else.
If you want to get humidity into a guitar, this product is a must. I works well -- and if one lives in dry area of the country, this is a must have product.
Erm, it does what it say it would do. The nice thing about the &#34;super&#34;, is its size, in turn, and its ability to hold more water.
Dampit humidifiers have been around for years and years.  I think that I can safely say that the basic design looks to be amazingly similar to what I remember when I saw these for the first time in my university days of the late 1970s.  Generally, Dampits can be used over and over for years.  Sometimes the rubber becomes discolored, sometimes the rubber rips near the end of the Dampit, but basically this is a very workable way to maintain at least a minimum amount of humidity in and around your instrument, something that is especially important during the winter months when artificial heat zaps the humidity out of the air.  This is the first instrument-specific Dampit product that I've ever purchased and it seems to work exceptionally well.  In addition to the standard Dampit, there's a sound-hole cover.  In case it is not clear just how it works, the clear sound-hole cover has a short string with a loop on the end.  You simply attach the Dampit to the loop and it hangs inside the guitar.  My first impression is that it does an excellent job of keeping some needed humidity in the body of the instrument, something very important on a solid-top classical guitar.  I would recommend this over the standard Dampit because the sound-hole cover is so convenient (hopefully it will continue to keep me from having to fish around inside the guitar for a runaway Dampit) and seems to keep the humidity focused in an area that is especially in need of it.  A must have if you keep your acoustic guitar in an environment that gets much below 40-50% humidity.
What else is there to say, they are easy to use, they are easy to install and they are easy to check.  I've tried them all and these are the only ones I come back to.  No expensive pads to buy, just use water.  Simple to drop down into the body of guitar, no attempt to fit some rubber block thingy into your sound hole.  Comes out as easy as it goes in.  I have 4 of them.  Love.
I live in Arizona and I keep my acoustic in the case with this dampit unless I'm playing it.  It seems to do a good job, although I would recommend purchasing a better meter.  The one it comes with is a simple paper design that gives you a decent estimate.
It works well.  This is a classic design that people have used for years and I can see why.  It it isn't broke, don't fix it.The only suggestion I would make is to have a different soundhole cover.  Maybe a sturdy plastic? The soundhole cover that is included is a very cheap, disposable plastic that looks like it was shipped with a cheap trinket.  I think the price is a little high for what it is. Rubber and foam tube?  Why do they charge so much?  I'd like to know the markup.
