I just got it and tried it out. It's not great but should work as a quiet practice amp.  You have to diddle with the gain and volume controls to get an almost realistic sound.  I would recommend this to anyone.
I give the product a 4star for doing what it is supposed to do. I give it a single star because it failed two weeks after the return period. Generously, I'll give it 2stars. Something like this really should last at least a year or more. Cheap parts/manufacturing?  50 cents a day is not a good deal for a device of this nature.
Sound is not so good. Strange how the gain has to be turned up along with the volume to hear anything.
I used AC30 for years, lost them, and decided to make a change and buy these.Sound quality of AC30 wasn't anything to write home about but had decent cleans and gains, but this one has a horrendous clean (tried with my strat and tele, play jazz/blues mostly), and mediocre gain, you can get a lot better sound even with the free amp programs for ipod and computers (buying a 25-35 buck connector cable), though, granted those tend to have feedback problems when you use certain gain-y settings.For people worried about CONSTRUCTION, these turned out to be very sturdy (AC30s i previously used did, but the built/materials are exactly same).Even if you're determined to settle for the mediocrity of phone amps, go for cheaper models, or simply buy AC30, the latter has acceptable cleans..
As an amateur musician, I'm always looking for ways to practice without chasing everyone out of the house with loud amplifiers and such.  I thought this gadget would do the trick, but the quality of the sound and range of adjustment just didn't meet my expectations.
I'm a new guitarist and nobody else would want to hear everything I play. I however, am having a ball playing as loud as I want with as much or as little gain as I feel like at the moment with my Classic Rock Guitar Headphone Amp. My Rickenbacker 360 sounds just the way I want, with as much clarity or with all the &#34;smoke&#34; as I feel like dialing in for now. It is SO nice to be free of the amp and cable on the floor and can quickly plug in, put in my ear buds, and practice for a while anywhere I want, anytime I want. Downside: I wish it had a little reverb to dial in or switch on to closer match my full size Vox amp and the controls are small/hard to read but easy to learn. You do get a pop when you turn it on because there is no tube warm up time. Solution: Hit the switch before putting in your buds if your sensitive. I plan to pick up other versions of the amPlug from Vox to extend my fun. This was a good choice. Buy one!
I bought the Vox Amplug AC30 and loved it so much, it probably doubled (or tripled) the amount of time I play guitar.  I loved it so much I went out and got the more expensive (by $10) Joe Satriani Signature Amplug.  I liked the Satriani model also because it covered a different tonal range than the AC30, and delay feature is a lot of fun.  But I had serious questions about the Classic Rock Amplug.  Why did have only a 4-star review on Amazon - among the lowest for any of the fabulous Amplug products.  Would it be only a "one trick pony"?Well, I have to tell you, I was completely blown away by how great the Classic Rock Amplug is, and I'm now even more blown away by some of these negative reviews.  I've tried out a number of effects pedals for plugging into an actual guitar amplifier, and many pedal users are seeking what they call a "Marshall-in-a-box".  In other words, they want a effects pedal that will single-handedly transform whatever amp they have into the sound of a miniaturized stack of Marshalls.  Believe it or not, the Vox Classic Rock on higher gain settings is about as close to a "Marshall" sound as I can imagine.  And it comes in a small, plastic headphone amplifier that runs on 2 AAA batteries and costs all of $39.99.Functionally, the Classic Rock Amplug is the same as the AC30 - three dials for gain, tone, and volume, an aux in jack (for MP3 players), a headphone jack, and an on/off switch.  But that's where the similarities end.  While the excellent AC30 model simulates the boxy, sparkly sound of a tube amplifier, the Classic Rock packs some PUNCH.  The low end presence on this thing (even through a $20 set of entry-level Sony headphones from Target) is significantly greater than on the AC30.  More importantly, the sound doesn't deteriorate with higher volumes.  There are plenty of ways you can try to play guitar through headphones, but most of them become a static-filled mess as soon as you turn up the volume.  Amazingly, the tiny Amplug has plenty of power on tap, and the "overdrive" is controlled through analog circuitry, with amazing clarity.But the real surprise in the Classic Rock Amplug (and the point upon which I disagree with several other reviewers here) are the clean and slightly overdrive tones as you roll back on the gain knob.  Several reviewers referred to the clean tones as weak, or claimed that there were no clean tones.  Yet, with both my Les Paul and a Strat, I was able to set the Volume at around 6-8 and the gain at about level 2 and get a very nice clean tone without loss of volume.  If any dirt was remaining, a slight rollback on the guitar volume further cured the problem.  Even better, playing a Strat into the Classic Rock with the gain set somewhere between 2 to 4 actually created a Tubescreamer-like blues tone!  This tone was one of the audio demos offered on Vox's website, but I didn't believe it for myself until I plugged the Classic Rock in and dialed in that tone.Long story short, the Classic Rock is extremely powerful, but more verstaile than I thought.  It can do the high-gain Marshall tones I expected, but also offers a wide array of clean or slightly-overdriven tones.  It might even be more versatile than the AC30 Amplug, though I remain pretty loyal to the AC30.  The good news is that the two models are different enough and cheap enough that you can own both.  Highly recommend the Classic Rock - 5 stars.
