I was looking for a decent capo, found this, and have been using for months without a problem. Cheap and works great, would recommend to any guitarist.
Cheap, quick and easy. It serves its purpose and it was so inexpensive it's almost painful. I haven't had it break and it doesn't cause any issues with the instrument, so I'm more than content with this handy, inexpensive capo.
When just starting out one purchases equipment carefully. This capo is a good choice to start with because the quality is there. Even a professional would appreciate this capo.
It seems like such simple concept, but so many companies cannot get it right. It's just a spring and a handle, but other companies either use cheap springs that lose tension or charge you an arm and a leg for their name brand.This one worked very well for me and at this price, I am able to have a couple extra lying around.
This is a good quality Capo. The built is similar to the ones I see at the local music stores that sells between $9 - $14. I guess they are all made by the same company and then stamped with a logo by whoever is selling it. This capo does not have any logo or stamp but it works just as good as the more expensive ones.I ordered two of this item on 03/18. Expected delivery is between April 11 - 18 as the product will be shipped from Hong Kong but I received the product on April 2nd.I used it in Acoustic Guitar and on the Ukelele without any problem.
I have used these and I noticed this capo is a cut above the rest. It snaps on and clamps down on all strings right away. I do not need to readjust during play and it stays clamped until you take it off. I would recommend this capo for play during performances and live concerts.
I got this because of the price. As soon as I opened it, the first thing I noticed was that it feels like it's not too sturdy. I don't know if it's going to last me a while. But, it does its job. Works fine on some guitars. The neck has to be thinner, though. I have to be careful when I put it on, as well as when I remove it. I'd pay for a better one if I had to get another.
I guess 5 stars because it 100% does what it's supposed to and doesn't cost much. The width of the grip gives you more leverage which can make it easier to clamp with someone with weak hands. That being said that person probably isn't playing much guitar.
Works really well, was a great price, and was sent to me in reasonable amount of time. The capo is a nice addition to the terrific sounds one can get with the guitar.
Good quick change capo, strong enough so far
This is a great Capo.  Clamps well and quickly, the clamp handle is easy to reach and is not going to easily break (aluminum, not plastic).  I like it and it was well under the price of others.
For 3 dollars this is a great quality capo, it works perfectly don't waste your money on a Planet Waves or Dunlop or whatever, save 10 bucks and buy this
This is a pretty good non-expensive capo. You can spend more but this does what you need it to do.
Got these because I wanted some extra capos around.  They work fine and are a great price - they do seem to be a little hard to open (spring seems a little tight).  Good deal as back-up capos.
It was my favorite capo. Someone else also liked it though as it has disappeared from my apartment. Had to buy another one.
