I give them an excellent rating.  They do last a long time, and they do not seem to alter in tone and get that "muddy" sound when they're aging.  In fact, I'd say they actually do manage to approach David Gilmour's tone at times!  I could barely believe that, of course, but after playing hard for a few hours, I actually said to myself the phrase: "Wow, that sounded like David Gilmour somewhat."  So, the fact that that occurred without me actually thinking about Pink Floyd or Gilmour and just being lost in the playing says a lot, because I then realized I had strung up the guitar with the strings that day.  Get them if you like Gilmour.  I'm hard on pricing, usually, but I say these are priced decently for their effectiveness.
As a huge Gilmour fan, it was a no brainer to pick these strings up.  Had been playing DR and Elixer for the past couple of years and  to my recollection,  have never tried ghs.  This custom gauge set plays great.  They tuned right up with very little stretching.  I will buy these again!!!
The strings gauge is the best thing on this strings set. 0.1, 0.12, 0.16, 0.28, 0.38, 0.48 are the perfect balance between weight  and confort. It fits very well on my guitars: 1) Fender EVH Wolfgang, 2) IBanez S470. The cons is that these do not come with VCI, so expect some flakes when you open the pack.
I'm a very big fan of David Gilmour but never was a fan of GHS's. So I thought I'm wanting to step up one gauge to 10's so why not try these. It took a little longer for them to get stable but My Strat and My Les Paul sound and feel Great. Now , ( and I didn't see this at first ) on David's Les Paul , He use's 10.5's and I have a Bigsby on Mine like His. I may try those next time on My Les Paul. I'm not sure how they will work on a Epiphone Les Paul 'cause I have a Gibson and there is a BIG diference. And on the MIM's Fender's either cause both of mine are American Standards. All in all I'm very pleased with the DG GHS's....
I use these on my Fender Strat, and they sound great. If you appreciate the talent of David Gilmour, and respect his taste and choices in music, than I would recommend these strings. I used to use Elixir strings, and as great as Elixir sound, they do not last long. These do. I have played guitar for over 30 years, and I am very happy with these strings.
