Folks that like the original Ibanez Tube King will love this pedal.  Sturdier construction than most of Behrenger's other pedals-  The housing is metal and the knobs seem a bit more solid.  Folks talk about how bad the stock tube is, but that has not been my experience.  I may experement with a low gain JJ in the future, but the stock tube is staying put for now.  Maybe I got lucky and they 'hand selected' the right one?  This unit sounds really incredible when it's running into the front end of my EL84 powered tube amp.  The sound is really organic and gritty, with great harmonics and smooth sustain. Sounds decent but not nearly as good going into a solid state amp (no suprise there).  Still, an improvement from the sterile solid state tone.  Be forewarned - this pedal is gigantic in dimension.  Who cares, so long as it sounds this good??  I'd wanted a vintage Chandler/Butler Tube Driver forever, but now I honestly don't need one.  This pedal gets me there on the cheap!
The VT999 Vintage Tube Monster has quite quickly become my go-to overdrive pedal, surpassing other OD pedals I've used, including the Digitech Bad Monkey, the Ibanez TS9 Tubescreamer, the Boss SD-1 Super Overdrive, and remarkably, the Fulltone Fulldrive 2 MOSFET.The VT999 has several things going for it --- Tweakable EQ (High/Mid/Low) which allows you to run a full spectrum, from muddy, dirty low OD sounds, even from a single coil, to bright, screaming lead tones with high mids or highs.- Noise gate which can not only eliminate single coil hum but can also be used to "squeeze" the tone for some interesting effects- Wide range gain that gets dirty around 9 o'clock and full-on distortion when crankedNow, for full disclosure sake, I did change out the tube to a JJ Tesla 12AX7, but most people who know tubes will tell you that really, tubes are often hit-or-miss, simply on account of them being analog, heater-based elements. That's part of the fun of tube-based OD. I have played a VT999 that had a great sounding overdrive, but mine didn't have that sound until I put in a new tube. Try it out with the stock tube, and go to a different tube if you don't like it. At least try a new tube before giving up.There are two things that I don't like about the VT999, and I can tell you -- both gripes have nothing to do with sound or tone. This pedal got it 100% right with tone after a tube switch. The 2 issues are:- The housing is huge, and if you look inside, it seems like a waste of space. There's a lot of open space with nothing there, and while I can concede that tubes heat up and need space to dissipate heat, it's a bit overboard.- Compared to the Fulldrive, the lack of a boost switch is really a miss. Especially given the large enclosure, it would make perfect sense to move the 5 knobs to the top half of the pedal and put a boost switch on the right hand side. That'd take little effort, and given the independent power of this pedal, would be a piece of cake to achieve. Heck, I could probably do it myself, but I don't want to ruin the good sound this produces.Bottom line, I understand that on a pedalboard, real estate is everything. This takes up at least the space of 2 pedals. Is it worth it? To me, it is. I run 2 OD pedals on my 2-row board, and I can honestly say, in the last 10 gigs, I have never gone to the other OD. It's been the Vintage Tube Monster every time.
BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: The Behringer VT999 Vintage Tube Monster is indeed a monster of a pedal. Those seeking a hot rodded sound to your amp would be wise to check this product out, as the level of boost and gain derived from the stock 12AX7 is enough to push any tube amp's clean channel into saturated overdrive.Featuring 3-band EQ that ranges from barely noticeable to perhaps &#34;too much&#34;, I was surprised that I actually found myself backing off some of the knobs because I expected this to be a cheap pedal that needed it's EQ to be pushed to max in order to get any playable tone out of it. I was wrong. The Master and Gain knobs work exactly like a tube amp channel. The Noise Suppressor is a nifty feature that drastically reduces white noise.Roughly taking up the space of 3 standard pedals on your pedalboard, many probably wonder if it's even worth the real estate compared to other overdrives. However, when it comes to tube-based pedals, big is par for the course.The stock tube is decent to the point where you can get some musical tones out of the pedal. I personally don't plan on changing the stock tube any time soon because I want to test its limits, but the gain range is effectively Boss OD-1 to DS-1, so YES - it is possible to get some metal tones out of this pedal, especially those late 80s/early 90s Marshall-driven metal tones.I honestly can't say anything overtly bad or wrong with this pedal. I judge gear with my EARS and by its VALUE, not by PRICE, but honestly... for $50, you literally can't go wrong. There are worse pedals you could buy for more money quite honestly. Even with a $10-$15 mod to change the tube to something more your preference, you're still looking at a relatively inexpensive pedal with an amazing value. But if you're looking for other tube overdrives, check these out: Effectrode Tube Drive ($350), Maxon TBO-9 True Tube Boost/Overdrive ($263), and the Ibanez Tube King ($170).If you're on the fence with this thing, go ahead and jump over and get one.
With some trials using different tubes this pedal can add something that is very tough to get otherwise. I run my guitar direct because I don't like amps or having to cart the things around. There are so many shades of tone available that it's tough to really praise this gadget enough especially considering the low cost. I also found using a compresser before it helps. I have a Pigtronix Philosopher's Tone & it made a big differrence. I highly reccomend this tube pre-amp & encourage trying out different tubes to get the sound you want.
It sounds good. Not as a professional tube driver, but quite well for the price. Perfect for begginners and intermediate players that can't afford something else that is a little bit more expensive.
This thing is amazing. Like many I cannot afford a tube amp. This transforms my solid state amps into something very comparable to the tube amps I played years ago. Sustain and harmonics are insane. Preamp is very precise and allows for a nice variety of tones.The unit is very heavy and rugged. The only component I would be concerned with over time is the battery adapter but this is replaceable at low cost.
I have a Blue Voodoo all tube amp. It's a dinosaur but has a great tone. Sadly, I tried revamping it with all new tubes, but though it gave me the drive I needed, it also raised the noise level tremendously. This was my last resource before selling an amp I did not want to part with. I thought this pedal would do the trick. I was right. You would think with just one AX7 tube you would get just so much drive, but this puppy gives more than expected. Behringer used to be known as junk, but no more.
