This product has almost zero documentation in the box or on the Akai Pro website.  Technical support is also almost zero.  Akai seems to not care about getting new users up to speed on their products.  Customer service is basically "If you have to ask, you should not buy this".  I asked the Akai technical department which sequencer software I needed and they told me to go to a Music store!  This may sound stupid but unless you have a lot of MIDI knowledge and experience don't buy this product.  Try finding a MIDI tutorial that is usable.  Good luck with that chore.Added 08Nov2010: The keyboard arrived with one of the bottom rubber footpads missing.  I sent an email to Akai asking for a replacement but they do not have any parts.  I find that unbelievable.
This is a great little keyboard for use with GarageBand on the iPad. GarageBand recognizes it as a controller for the Keyboard, Smart Keyboard, Sampler, Smart Guitar, Smart Bass, and Drums. You can even solo on the Akai keyboard while the Smart Keyboard autoplays an accompaniment! In addition to offering the superior feel of a real keyboard, this Akai keyboard has much more consistent touch sensitivity than what's built into GarageBand for iPad.Unlike other keyboard controllers I've tried, this one plugs and plays with the iPad--no powered USB hub required. (You do need Apple's Camera connection Kit, of course, to add a USB port to your iPad.) It's not loaded with gimmicks--just the essentials, and the essentials work very well indeed. The keys are 85% of standard width, which is large enough for fumble-free playing. It's lightweight, compact and thus perfectly suited as an iPad accessory.
Still glad I have it -Would prefer to exchange a slightly larger package for full size keys, and the action is a little weak - less than 'synth' action..but it works great, weighs almost nothing and is ultra-portable.
First of all, don't be "oversold" by the "extraordinary value" that some reviewers claim this fifty-buck inputting device to be.  Akai is considered a budget-priced version of, and a step down, from Sony, which in the minds of some has dropped a few steps lower itself.  But it's the ideal solution for many of us who may be working at a desktop computer with Garageband, Band-in-the-Box, Finale, Sibelius, Audacity or a similar program.  The last thing I would do is lug a 50-pound PC or SP Kurzweil model (plus AC power transformer) upstairs to place on an over-crowded desk. Even the 12-pound Yamaha NP-30, with its 76 notes, is awkward to use for this purpose.  Make it nothing longer than a 41-note keyboard, but if you can get one at half the price of the E-Music 41-note, that may be the handiest, most practical device for your needs.Sure, there are alternatives.  You can click at a "virtual keyboard" that Garageband makes available for a mouse--but it's slow.  Or you can download a virtual keyboard to your iPad (or iPod) for a couple of bucks, but it's limited to no more than an octave and a "touch screen" which, though superior to mouse-clicking, still isn't as satisfying or "immediate" as inputting by pressing down on actual, physical keys.This cheaply-made--even "cheap"--but effective Akai keyboard fits the bill very nicely, especially for someone who's working in congested space.  It's regrettable the company refers to it as a "performance" keyboard.  It's nothing of the sort, nor should it be.  That's the reason I initially went with the NP30, only to find that the bi-purpose instrument I had in mind was impractical for either intended use.Take a look at the Korg "Nano" piano, and if you're a pianist, you'll immediately see the superiority of the Akai.  But be careful not to be lulled into purchasing the deluxe model of either the Akai or the E-Music, or you'll be close to spending as much as you would for a keyboard that lives up to the name "Performance."  This Akai model looks and feels like a kindergartner's ten-dollar toy, but it's the best compromise I've been able to turn up for my crowded work area.
I got this and it works well apart from the fact you have to really bang down on the keys, Im hoping over time they will be easier to press
