i started useing these about 3 yrs ago they are worth the investmentthere grat for a long performance takes alot of pressure off the shoulderif you have never used one befor try it you will like it
I have many heavy guitars.  Yet wide guitar straps are for old men and blues posers.  I'm neither.  However, my back was still hurting, and I'm definitely a weakling.  So I bought this shoulder pad.  Now I only look like a weakling to the more eagle-eyed people who see me play guitar.  Thanks Planet Waves!Really, though, it's quite good.
The padding is comfortable but slightly heavy, Velcro flaps make installation easy. The only thing I do not like is that it is prone to slide around on my nylon strap. I will probably use double sided tape to attach it to the strap, I feel they should ave designed the inner flap with something less slippery.
I'm not a big fan of Planet Waves because they ruined the Dare Strap, but this is a good product - it definitely helps alleviate the weight on your shoulder.
My hopes for this pad was that it would be soft a sqishy on my shoulder.  The gel is pretty dense, so it's kind of hard and squishy and very heavy!  I found that it just added more weight.  I'm not using it.  I would look elswhere for a different product.
This strap is very comfortable! Love how it just velcros right over my strap without having to remove it from guitar. It does slide around some and has to be adjusted every time I put it on but is so worth the final result.
Very big, very cushioned. I didn't notice that it helped all that much with the weight of my bass, but helped a little. Almost thought it was a little too cumbersome, kind of bit into my neck a little.
This strap is cool, it is black, made of nice material with gel padding, and it Velcros open and closed so that you can just take it on and off a guitar strap without undoing the strap from the person or the guitar. Like a clasp it just wraps around the strap and Velcros. Where I once noticed pressure and chaffing from my nylon strap, now I feel nothing but a heavy pad which puts no pressure on me whatsoever. Adds about 2 lbs to the weight of your guitar. Get it if your strap isn't feeling good, other brands work too but you have to thread it through the strap which suckssss. This one is legit.
To heavy....it doesn't stay where you need it. slips down becuase of wieght.. get something else or larger strap to dispers wieght of the guitar...
