Brass Tacks: is this the greatest mic in the world? No. But on a budget this mic is AMAZING. The lows and highs sound great and the mids sound well fleshed out. If you are looking for s nice rich sound, this is it.If you want to upgrade from a headset, cheap mic, Blue Yeti, or AT-2020; buy this mic and an audio interface. You won't regret it.
I compared this to a C1 which is pretty good for half the price.  I also tried two MXLs.  One V63.  This is much better hands down even if it costs 2x as much.  I noticed the difference on guitar.  On vocal it picks up a fair amount of noice around you.  But I realized that it's normal and the other mike just didn't pick stuff up which is worse.  The MXL v67g sounded warm on vocals and not too bad on guitar but if you got too close it gave you this fake low voice and that's just like taking the AT2035 signal and modifying it after you've recorded it.  Besides the bright green and gold was a little too much for me.  I tried the CAD M179.  That did better on the treble side but seemed to miss the mids.  I heard the AT2020 wasn't as good as the AT2035 so I went for it.  And it's more than the switches difference which I don't use anyway.  I didn't like the switches on the CAD M179 either.  It's confusing and I do gain or filter in my DAW.  I considered the NT-1 but at 80 bucks more than the 2035 it seemed like they were very similar.  At the end I'm satisfied with the 2035.  It's a work horse and costs a fraction of the more popular studio amps that have only a subtle difference to me.  I have been staying away from AT products because I didn't like the headphones compared to Sony's.  But this time I caved in because I don't see anything that competes at my price range.  For me this works like an sm57 microphone and costs about the same.  I can record my acoustic or electric guitar out of the cab or sing in it.  My challenge is to not get it to record echo in my room.  I've removed the door on my closet, put a shower curtain with a down comforter on it and record in there.  Ridiculous setup but I've save hundreds in insulation costs and hours of doing that.  For most vocals recording I don't use the closet.  Just use refir and some recording tricks to remove any unwanted noise.  So if things don't change this is my choice for best vocal and instrument microphone in the 100-250 price range.  Nice solid construction and vibration mount included.  It's rugged and I like it.
The best deal for recording beginners. This mic can handle anything from vocal, guitar, drum, to all the other instruments.It's definitely flat and natural sounding, which I like. Just be aware it comes with a plastic shock mount, not a metal one like the AT2020 comes with. However, it's usable.
I write and record my own music.  I use this microphone for vocals and acoustic guitar.  I replaced the cable that came with it with a Mogami and it sounds great.  Crystal clear and it doesn't color the recordings.  It will pick up ambient noise from the front, but that's to be expected.  It does a pretty good job of blocking ambient noise from the back.  Be sure to get a pop filter to go with it.
what part u dont likeyo u  can use eq to wash it a bit awayit is quite good...CAN BE QUITE SIBILANCE PRONE, so beware...ehso for the priceHighly recommended...in these price ranges..stick to known brandslike shure, ev, at, etc...then come the newbies,a few models from mxl, etc etc...have fun
I've been in professional broadcast studios that don't have mics as nice as this one. Good flat response, but you can also click the bass roll off and get a little cleaner voice if you don't like to EQ after the fact. Sounds like a million bucks.
This this is great.  It is my first condenser mic, and at $149 it is a steal.I've always used Shure or Heil mics that cost over $250... This mic in a studio application smokes them.  It is obviously more clear and pure the moment you try it.  But if you really want to be amazed, do an A/B comparison.This mic has convinced me to  purchase the Audio-Technica  AT4040.  Cant wait to get it and I will review it also.
Enjoyable mic, has a decent frequency response range, nice patterning to not pick up too much ambient room noise. I usually have to do some post-processing on vocals, but in the genres I work in that's not exactly a rare thing. Either way sounds way better than I would expect for a mic at this price. Haven't tried it for drums or guitar *yet* but I'm impressed with it's ability to accurately capture vocals. While it doesn't have the warmth that some mics relay, I prefer it that way. It leaves a really clean, if slightly cold/flat feeling, that can then be warmed up in post production nicely.Good value for the sound, no complaints with the shock mount. Though make sure to be cautious with your mic placement, get a pop filter, and if you have a room with lots of ambient noise don't be shocked if it picks some of it up. All in all a good deal.
