This mute allows me to practice without annoying my family and does not harm the violin. It seems well made.
I really wanted this to work, but it doesn't.  Don't bother,it doesn't mute the strings at all.  One star, just for it getting here on time.
cheap, easy to use, cuts sound 70%.  Ideal for the beginner or those living in an apartment.  Works exactly as described.  If you want 90% sound reduction however you will need a metal mute.  This one works better than the smaller rubber ones.
Glaesel Violin Ultra Practice Mute is good tool for your violin. If you are afraid to disturb your neighbors, when you are practicing violin - just buy it. It will put the sound down. It really works.
I works ok but you have to observe a few details when using it.Notice the curve of the Mute and the curve of the top of the bridge.It only is supposed to go on one way, to match the shape of the bridge.Try reversing it and you'll see what I mean.Also, you have to press the mute down almost all the way to the top ofthe bridge, otherwise it won't mute the sound very much.If used correctly, this mute works well.
I am 65 years old and have been taking violin lessons for about nine months.  As you can imagine, I need to practice a LOT!  My wife of 43 years does not enjoy my practicing...especially when I practice monotonous scales.I saw the Glaesel Violin Ultra Practice Mute demonstrated on an online violin instructor's web site.  I love it!  Easy to put on and take off. The rubber won't hurt your violin, bridge or strings. You can barely hear it in the next room.  You can actually control how much the mute actually mutes your violin by raising it a little bit above the bridge.  My violin's tone doesn't change much at all with this mute.Now I can practice all I want without fear of my wife divorcing me!
Nice to use to muse your violin. A must need to prevent from annoying people while your practicing. Great buy.
Excellent!  Mother's Little Helper!  Highly recommend this item.  It a rubber like stuff and will not damage the instrument. A Must.
it doesnt completely mute my violin but i suppose nothing really can, it does take the loud peircing noise out though
I can not evaluate the product until the instrument I purchased is repaired or returned.  Sorry,  I had rather not comment until it is used.
Really perfect as advertised.  Experienced player might have other choices, but for me, it was easy to use and exactly met its purpose.
I bought a Glaesel Bridge & this Glaesel rubber mute together. I bought this because it was cheap and had so many good reviews. The mute fits the bridge fine, but compared to a brass mute (which of course works VERY well) this mute seems to do absolutely nothing. There is almost no discernible difference in playing the violin with or without this mute on. Also, the mute can affect your playing so certain notes screech or stutter or produce other undesirable noises.If You want or need a mute for practicing quietly (as many of us do), I suggest you buy something else. This item does not work and is a total waste of money. I tried this mute on a regular acoustic violin as well as a new Electric Violin bought here on Amazon (FYI, that cheap little electric violin is an awesome & fun item! *Just make sure you buyThe Original Peg Drops by Ardsley& aGlaesel Self-Adjusting 4/4 Violin Bridge Mediumwith it!).I consider this mute completely useless since it does not do anything at all. It does *not* mute or lower the volume of any violin in any noticeable way.
Takes the edge off the violin sound. I keep it on my office violin so I don't disturb my neighbors which is silly because they are honduran spanish instructors and they sing shakira at ridiculous volume constantly.....
I'm not sure how much I can say about a mute. It's easy to put on and take off, and it does its job. It mutes the violin to a reasonable level.  I used an SPL meter at a distance where a sustained open G string gave a reading of about +2db. With the mute, it dropped to -6db. I then tried a Yamaha silent electric violin (unplugged) and from the same distance, it barely registered. I recalibrated the meter so the muted acoustic violin read about 1db, and the Yamaha read about -6db at that distance and setting.So it won't make your instrument completely silent, and from a purely subjective perspective, it seemed to bring things closer to the silent violin, perhaps seeming about 10 to 20% louder had I not measured it.With accessories, tonal quality is typically important. But with a mute, you expect it to deteriorate. Surprisingly, there was still a lot of tone left, especially compared to the unplugged electric, yet there were no buzzes or other horrible artifacts introduced.You can't expect this to give great sound or complete silence, but it won't disturb the neighbors or their dogs, and it won't make the instrument sound dead. This is about 15 times cheaper than the cheapest silent violin, and the latter will probably sound worse. It's not the ultimate solution for quietness but it lets you stick to your instrument of choice.
