As with all Boss / Roland products, the Boss FS-6 performs as designed. I purchased it to control both my Boss ME 20 Multi effects pedal and my Fender Blues Jr amp. The A switch (in non latching mode) allows me to cycle through stored effects banks in my ME 20 and the B switch (in latching mode) allows me engage and disengage the FAT (overdrive) switch on my Blues Jr Amp. Everything works exactly as planned. The FS-6 rugged, compact (fits right into my into ME 20 carrying case) and easy to use.I read a few reviews where people were complaining about batteries...something to complain about. As with most guitar players I don't use batteries in my effects pedals I use an 9 volt AC/DC adapter. Visual Sound offers the "One Spot" AC/DC adapter kit that has a 9 volt battery snap connector adapter. I removed the battery cover, then using a small rat tail file I carefully cut a notch in the battery cover for the snap connector to pass through. I then put rubber feet (purchased at ACE Hardware) on the bottom to allow the snap connector cable...battery problem solved.I also use the FS-6 as a sustain pedal for my Yamaha YPG 225 portable grand piano and a control for my RC-3 Loop Station simultaneously. The possibilities are limited only to your imagination. It is somewhat expensive but it is a Great Product!! If you need a duel switch then I highly recommend purchasing the FS-6.
Neither delighted nor disappointed.  I have not found it to be intuitive to use and the battery compartment is a joke, but otherwise the construction is good.  I dont use it very much because I havent really figured out what I want to do with it, and it is too big to fit in my briefcase full of blues harps, so I have the behringer A/B switch doing the job there.
I needed a footswitch for a variety of applications to include an acoustic amp, guitar amps, and other guitar/audio gear.  Built like a tank and completely configurable.  Well done again, Roland!
I bought this pedal as a companion to my Roland AC-33 Acoustic Amp.  The pedal on its face looks like a good piece of equipment and feels quite sturdy.  However you do have to use a 9 volt batter to make it operate.  This is totally unnecessary for a foot-switch.  The worst part is the leads on the battery connector (9 volt) were not properly soldered or had shorted out.  The only way I could get it to function was to let the 9volt battery dangle just right and connection would be made.  For the rather high asking price and the limited function that is needed (i.e. all that has to work are two switches and a battery) you would think that Boss would put out a better product.  I also found that the battery cover was extremely cheap and was difficult to close, leading me to believe that the durability of the cover was in question.  I would HIGHLY recommend that you look to another maker for a switch or consider constructing one yourself with readily available parts that can be purchased on this site.
I use this pedal in tandem with my APC-40 and map the buttons to various controls in Ableton.  The foot switch opens the door to more organic sound live performances with a prepared track.  The polarity switches are nice, however the momentary/latch switches are what makes this unit so compatible with my DAW. Some functions such as play and stop are momentary functions, other functions such as track on/off are toggle/latch functions.  Without a foot switch that can toggle between the two, applications are limited certain functions.  I use the footswitch for a variety of applications, in a variety of songs with different arrangements.  If I could hook up more than one of these to my controller, I'd have about four of them, but the one is so nice on its own.
I bought it to use with my Boss ME-70. I use the to go up and down through my banks I have programmed on the ME-70. Build like a tank. Simply to use. Simply to hook up. I hear it can be used on other Boss and Roland gear.
Works well.  Very well constructed.  Would it kill ya to add an on/off switch so that the batteries don't run down?  Other than that, it's perfect!
being new to guitar this is just way too much fun, makes my playing acutally sound like I may know what I am doing, easy to setup and easy to use
