Good metal distortion tone with bags of sustain but sucks a lot of tone (most metal pedals do) and is moderately noisy. If you are looking for classic rock sounds you won't find them here. Can get muddy at times but there are plenty of settings to tweak to get the sound you are looking for. I find it useful for high gain leads and palm mute rhythms but note definition is not so good with chords. For the price this pedal is a good deal though!
I've had this for about 11 years now. Even with some of the newer metal pedals on the market, this pedal still sells well. Not to mention, it's probably also one of the most modded pieces out there. Any number of mods can be found online to change the sound. They're usually on the side of improving the stock tone, which I'm happy with.I've always liked the parametric EQ on this pedal. The variable midrange allows me to get Marshall or Mesa flavors. For most metal/hard rock music, the gain range is enough for me. If I need yet more gain, I punch it up with an overdrive, or a compressor pedal for a cleaner boost. Even without a boost, I can use it for death metal. I think if you play the tighter, more technical styles, it's better not to have too much gain anyhow.
To be honest, I was looking for a pedal that would give me distortion similar to Megadeth's first album KIMB. So far I havnt got a perfect setup on it yet, but ive got close enough to it. This pedal is great, only a couple notes I should make about it. Do NOT buy this pedal if your expecting to play classic rock, or just rock in general. This pedal is for metal. The battery drains like a MF. I dont understand why. The only possible explanation I can think is that I leave it plugged into guitar and amp, but ive had other pedals that wouldnt drain the battery unless its TURNED ON. I prefer just to get an AC adapter and not use batteries. Other than those few things iv had no problems with this great pedal.
I have a lot of pedals...  In fact, I have 2 distortion and 2 overdrive pedals (though only the MT2 and the OD3 are regularly in my rig.)  This pedal won't give you a "cranked up tube stack" sound.  No...  Instead, it's very edgy and smooth as can be.  It has a mid-sweep knob on it to help sculpt your tone.  I usually use it as a mid-boost for solos.  You'll find that you get amazing sustain and a huge sound that you won't be able to replicate (easily... I'm sure the huge Boss distortion box comes close, but for the price...) with any other pedal.
I bought mine used three years ago and it works great. It works for a Metallica, Pantera type sound. You can also get good rock sounds with the gain turned down and eq. adjusted.
Its a great pedal, sound really crunchy, I got a peavy vyper sometime I use this If I want a crunchy style, but the amp I got is really good and has its own distortion styles, I use the heavy metal config on this pedal, I recomend it to anyone... does not introduce noise, I run it on the stock battery, it still works, you can make your guitar sound like Metallica or Megadeth, of course it also depends on a lot of things, like pickups, amp, etc..., I also have a very old little peavey practice amp, this blows away the distortion that it has with less noise and gives it a new life.Listen to it on the Boss website, I heard to it and then I thought the sound was not going to be similar because of the equipment used by them, but it does sound really really close. regards. forgive my english... not from the U.S
BY FAR the best distortion pedal out there. No doubt about that. Several of my friends use this pedal, and they all love it. I also see many popular bands using this distortion pedal. It's great for medal. It have a nice punch to it along with a great &#34;cut&#34; so you're palm mutes don't blend into each other like other pedals. There are several knobs offering seemingly unlimited combinations. AMAZING
First of all I want to say I love a tube amp distortion.  Overdriven tubes are just how its meant to be.  I run a Randall G3 hybrid amp and it destroys any solid state I've used or heard.  For recording I use a Peavey 5150 and its so sweet.  Tubes are how guitar was meant to be heard.Recently I started playing with a band that required a dirty tone that I felt like could only be achieved through a pedal.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with using distortion pedals, I used the DOD death metal for years when I first started playing.  However, there is a downside.  Go cheap and you get a piece of crap that makes your rig sound like an old AM radio, if you want something that sounds pro quality your going to shell out at least $250.  Quality dist. pedals are not budget friendly.I chose the MT-2 because I know Boss makes a quality product and it was the pedal the other guitarist was using.  It gives a variety of sounds.  It can be set up for an overdriven light distortion sound or full blown high gain metal tones.  The controls make it very tweakable and I have gotten a load of very nice sounds out of it.  Read the included book, look up some MP3s over videos online and check out other guitarists' settings.  It will help you tame this pedal into what you want.  Perfect pedal for those not wanting to spend a whole lot.  There are also mods you can buy and install in the pedal or buy preinstalled from certain dealers that open it up to even more shaping and make it more useful.I've seen a lot of complaints about the pedal sounding like nothing but fuzz.  I must say learn how to shape sound, spend time dialing it in to your rig.  Within 10 minutes I was pleased with the MT-2.  I used it on my overdrive channel to push it harder and got a really thick, heavy distortion with a good response.I say the MT-2 is worth an investment if you're looking for a big distortion sound from a little pedal.  Surely something guitarists should consider adding to their board.
This is a great pedal I picked up used, they can be had cheaply on the used market. I actually use it with both an acoustic electric guitar to get a little distortion and the bass guitar for some grit. The 2 EQ pots on the front panel make it very versatile, enough to use with a cigar box guitar also.The pedal can preserve bass signal and still be EQ'd for saturated distortion. The other reviews speak for this pedal both here and on other sites and one can see why it is so popular. I also other Boss Distortion pedals. Like most people, I own a DS-1 and an MD-2 which are both cheap and effective. I own a HM-2 Heavy Metal 2 which caters more to the traditional metal sound and I actually think this pedal is more versatile IMO with different guitars where you may not want a strictly metal tone.I also own an older 80's HM-2 Heavy Metal which will run circles around the metal zone for classic thrash and speed metal tones and almost any other heavy distortion pedal that I could never part with, overall i like this pedal, but it cannot top the older legendary Boss pedals.
