This is a great investment if you are like me and don't want to drill a hole in your guitar to put in a new button. It does make the strap long ,but is suppose to. You will have to adjust your strap from the other side. All in all this is a great product.
I read reviews about this being a safer option for an acoustic guitar strap support than the usual tie-device. Working just fine so far, came quickly in the mail.
I needed something so I would not have to drill a hole in my guitar to attach my strap...This is nicer than using a shoelace to attach the strap and it is an EASY, QUICK release and is very secure. I am happy with this product and will order some more in the future. Nice, inexpensive and useful solution to a guitar strap problem!
THis snap strap quick release system is a boon for those of us without a send strap button on our ukes sand guitars. Very serviceable, easy to use, sturdy.
all my guitars use this quick release clip. its so easy to install and sturdy material, it wont break easily even after many uses! have one now!
I gave it 4 stars because it is well made and it does the job it is designed to do. But I personally do not like how it looks of it when installed. But that is only a personal opinion. You may see it differently. Don't use my opinion on how it looks to influence your purchase. It does what it was made to do. I purchased it to add an extension to a short guitar strap.
It does the job it was intended to do. Before using this I just hooked the strap to the buttons and didn't like it. To confined, and with the quick release, it was more comfortable to use the strap. I'm glad I purchased this when I did.
I like that I can disconnect my strap quickly and easily. Makes playing more comfortable and if you have more than one guitar you can use the same favorite strap quickly. I buy one of these for each guitar. But I only use my favorite strap.
I think I have 3 or 4 of these.  Work very well and looks neater than the shoe string many people use.  Highly recommend.  Get a few just in case, but I am still on my first.  I do switch straps so I guess I have 2 in use - makes it very easy to put guitar on and/or change out straps.
Works as advertised.  I was a bit skeptical when the product arrived, but I just set up my acoustic guitar with this product and it does work.  Pretty simple, even if you're "technically challenged."  Easy to use.  Haven't gigged with it yet, but I can imagine that this strap "isn't going anywhere," regarding its functionality.  Not a "pretty" product, but good stuff.
This saves so much time for getting strap on and off.  Great design.  I love it.  Worth the money and is built well.
I have two of these for my acoustics, and when I get another acoustic...I'll be buying another one of these. Nice quick release without having to tie anything. I have one that is over 5 years old and still works like a charm.
good if you dont want to have to drill your guitar for a stud mount. its nice and does its job. sometimes gets in the way of the strings or might stop a tone but it ultimately works
This is a nice addition to a guitar that you don't want to drill a hole into for a strap button.  It's a quick release with the buckle.  One end stays on the strap - the other around the head stock of the guitar.  Makes it nice if you have more than one guitar without a strap button- Buy 2.
My new guitar had only the back strap connector.You can put out over $20 for a button strap holder but for under 5 bucks I decided on this.Attach short end to strap feed long end under strings on guitar head.You now have a quick release strap holder.Very well made & strong!!Happy I found this before spending way more than I needed to!!Highly recommend this product!!Joe
Using on a Yamaha dreadnought acoustic.  Goes one easy, and feels sturdy.  Thinking about ordering another for an acoustic electric.Update 8-2-12:  ordered another for my Seagull acoustic electric.  Like the first one, works great.
Works with any strap. For a quick detach system of so you don't have to drill for a strap button to hold your guitar.
I just put it on my Baby Taylor guitar strap.  Nice!  Does the job and does it well.  Comes in a "guitar shaped" package that clearly shows how to install it in seconds if you are a newbie.  Glad I got this one.  It is exactly what I was hoping it would be.
Came on time. Work great for my needs. Geart for set-ups and take-downs. Does lengthen the strap a bit but works.
I love this product.  I t holds your guitar very securely and does lease the guitar at the neck extremely fast, so y don't have to life it over your head.  Well worth the price.
The Acoustic Guitar Quick Release System is very interesting.  I ordered this as a filler item for a much larger order, just to give it a try.  So far so good.  Thanks.
I bought this for an accousic guitar, then I had to have one for a mandolin, and now I also have one for a square-neck dobro.  Some accoustic guitar manufacturers cases that come with the guitar don't leave much room for a leather strap.  Some case manufacturers have the same problem.  This item fixes the problem of taking the strap off and saves you all the work to untie it, that means a lot when you also have to set up and tear down equipment on a dance job.  Same with the mandolin, if you want a wider strap. The dobro had the issue with the strap didn't have a great connector.
Slips right under the guitar strings and does not impede your guitar playing in any way. A very good design.
Love the quick release system, I just hook on one end to the guitar and the other to a strap, perfect for use when you are standing and playing.  I can just quick release it when I'm done.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I was wandering how to make easy do quick release strap from my guitar. I did see this device on amazon.com and I decide to buy and try one. I was pleasantly surprised with this "Guitar Quick Release System" is working good with my acoustic guitar. And because of that I did purchase 2 more for my other guitar and for my friend one.
I have acoutic guitar that never felt comfortable to me. This little device changed that by allowing me to use just about any standard strap and attaching it to the neck for better balance. And its inexpensive.
I'm a gadget lover and this is a good one.  It makes it very easy to attach or detach your guitar strap to/from the headstock of your guitar or ukulele or other stringed instrument.
Needed something to allow the strap on the guitar to be removed for ease of operation during playing.  This filled the bill, works on basically any type of guitar.  It just hooks around the neck and ties into the strap, and has a quick release.
I've been using these on my acoustic guitars (and straps) for over a decade.  They're sturdy and convenient, and so much more attractive than adding a shoelace to your strap.  The ability to quickly disconnect the strap for storage (or when you don't need the strap hanging from your guitar, e.g., sitting in a chair) works exactly as advertised.  I've purchased several of these and can't say enough good things about the product and company!
This is a handy little contraption.  I'm using on one of my cheaper guitars. It wasn't compatible with the other strap I've been using and I had a difficult time getting it to secure to my strap, but it worked well with the strap on my other guitar.I think it's a good idea and practical for being on the stage and switching instruments quickly.
Quick release around the neck strap system. Unbeatable for acoustic, especially since so many acoustics are neck heavy. I would recommend this to anyone. &#8203;
I play with straps whenever I feel like wearing a strap, and this thing is just ridiculously convenient. You can strap on and off within a span of 10 seconds. It holds up very well, also. I've had it for about a year now and have no complaints.
Simple enough, right? Works as advertised. A great simple idea that I'm glad someone put into production. For my taste, the loop is too long where it wraps around at the headstock/nut area, so I just tied it up snug. I had been using the Martin leather strap holder where your strap hooks onto a plastic button, and this is far more secure because straps sometimes work their way off of the button on the Martin holder. However, folks with brand new shiny expensive guitars might want to take note: while the nylon lace that wraps around is nice and strong, it is fairly rough and abrasive, and my experience is that it will very definitely wear at the finish of your git in that area. Won't rub the finish off or anything to that degree, but if you're freaky squeaky clean about maintaining cosmetic perfection on your guitar (which I am NOT), you will definitely notice the finish rubbed and dulled and even chipped a bit there at points of contact. I can think of a million simple solutions to that, but that's another story. Overall, great little item.
