This cable is an amazing find. It simply works! I am not sure if some of the cables others have reviewed have had loose wiring in them, but the cable I received is perfect.I plugged the cable into my Windows laptop, waited 30 seconds while it recognized the cable and installed drivers, and I was good to go. I plugged in a dynamic microphone, opened the Audacity software program, hit record and it was amazing sound quality. I had previously used a variety of input devices from a JamHub to a Behringer USB line input device to an Art audio preamp to even going low-budget with just a cable directly into the microphone input of the (ThinkPad) laptop. This cable provides as high quality of an audio signal as any other reasonably priced device I have used.There are, however, a few limitations...- This cable is mono only, i.e. not for stereo recording. This seems obvious, but is worth mentioning for those who have less experience with this type of stuff.- This cable only works with Dynamic Microphones. If your microphone is a Condenser microphone, you either need a battery powered microphone or some type of 'phantom' power source to power the condenser microphone.The really good things?- This cable works excellent at providing a good signal level to the Audacity software. Some input devices are either very hot (too much level) or have hardly any gain at all, so this cable works very well by providing just the right level.- This cable works amazingly well with a direct box to record a bass guitar, acoustic/electric guitar, keyboard, etc. I have a lot of direct boxes and this works well on all of them. I was able to record a bass guitar track with about the least amount of fuss ever (think three minutes setup time from thinking of the idea to hitting record) using just this cable and a Hosa www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000WS1Q4E/ direct box I purchased from Amazon as well.
The HDE xlr to usb is ubs. I have the same problem the red blinking syndrome. I learneda long time ago dont try to fixsomething you paid for send it back. So I did Thanks Hde for wasting my time. Go sell your snake oil to someone else.....I
Very simple device to connect a quality dynamic microphone (or instrument using a direct box) to the USB input of a computer. I plugged in my mic and plugged the cable into my PC. Win 7 automatically searched for and found the drivers in about three minutes. I then recorded some vocals using Audacity, a free open source download. Recording was whisper quiet with no background hiss or noise at all. Recording level was great, not sure why some reviewers said it was too low. Note that this will not provide phantom power, nor does the item description imply that it will. USB only provides 5VDC and phantom power usually requires 18-48VDC. Unless there is some kind of power converter (which would be much too large to fit in this compact package) it is impossible for this or any similar sized cable to provide the higher voltage that phantom power requires. Use this with a dynamic mic or direct box and if you use it correctly you will be very happy!
This cable was very affordable, but you get what you pay for. It sounded brilliant while it wasn't broken, for about the 4 hours of runtime. It works if it isn't abused at all, but if you abuse it in any way at all, your out an XLR cable. I do not recommend this product at all for heavy usage.
Needed to get mic into computer via the USB port.  Just try to find.  Amazon had it, and at a good price.
