=] - Really satisfied with the chair. I cannot explain how cool this chair is. Very glad I got it, definitely worth the price for the great overall value that this chair really gives you.
I gig a lot and since I am a grey haired musician I need to sit when it will be over an hour of playing. This seat works great for me and folds up and can be disassembled with very little fuss. The back rest support is nice, too. For the price its well constructed and perfect for the solo musician doing gigs all over the country.
I use the chair for guitar, bass, keyboards,ukulele and even cooking breakfast. Lightweight, slightly awkward, but provides good back support.As a right-handed player I practice, both classical and jazz style, with the guitar on my left knee. For the position I use in this chair it is necessary to use the On Stage FS7850B Guitar Foot Rest. I do this to keep my thumb in the center of guitar neck. I can report that I have been very comfortable for long practice sessions.As for the four out of five star review, the price does seem steep when you look at what you get for $85. But it's a nice design and thank you to the designer. I would recommend it to those who can afford it.As for durability..... we shall see. I have had it for three months now and it is still fine.  I use it daily.
Great deal for the price and very sturdily made. Easy to assemble and feels solid. Recommend this if you're tired of sitting on sofa and putting your neck in a bad way to see the music.
Firstly let me address the &#34;adjustable backrest&#34;. There's nothing adjustable about the backrest. The seat moves forward and backward about two inches which actually is a considerable difference in how it feels leaning back against the backrest but the backrest itself doesn't move, the seat does. It also does not adjust up and down as you would think an &#34;adjustable&#34; backrest should. The backrest cushion actually has a hard stop top that prevents this. But the seat does adjust slightly forward and back (presumably this is the purported backrest adjustment the description repeatedly asserts) and it does adjust up and down over quite a range so adjusting for height should not be a problem. The footrest, however, is welded in place so if you plan to use the footrest you're again limited to where you can put the seat in height range.All this aside I am still giving the stool high marks because it's a fair price, it does fold down with some extra dis-assembly for transport to venues and I find it works well for me. But for how it works for me you should know: I wanted this initially to play sitting down without a strap. I found that no matter how I adjusted the stool that I was just not comfortable with how the guitar rested and so I use it now exclusively with a strap. In this way however it's actually really nice because I can use the footrest or not at will and I can also stand up, walk around and then sit back down at will. Without the strap, though, my playing dexterity is compromised by slight balancing required to keep the guitar from smashing to the floor (at least in my mind's eye).If you want a stool that folds up and goes with you this is not that stool. You do need to loosen the screws and take the seat post out and remove the backrest. Then you're left with several pieces to schlep. Not difficult but it would be tedious to do this every day.Overall though I am very happy with the way this stool feels. No more couch and kitchen chairs for me.
This is a rock solid throne that has a wide adjustment range for height and a workable range for the backrest.The height of the backrest is fixed, but you can adjust how far back it can be moved. I am referring to lateral motion and not a tilt angle. The seat itself has a nice, comfortable padding that is about on par with a mid range drum throne (I apologize, but that is my best reference for comparison.)Assembling is simple and fast. I had some issues lining up the seat height that stemmed from the need to perfectly align two outer and two inner holes in the frame and seat bar, but after getting a feel for the tight tolerances I managed to get it done with no problems.Another thing to note is this is primarily for guitarists. The foot rests are not going to be much used by drummers in particular, nor by keyboardists whose feet will probably be busy with sustain and expression pedals. However. this is still ideal for keyboardists because the seat is comfortable and the backrest promotes good posture.I used this with drums. but be aware that the seat will not swivel, so the front bar across the bottom can interfere with pedals and your snare drum stand - unless you move it back a bit.The final note is this is heavy and somewhat clunky to transport. It's not a deal breaker. On the contrary, it will reduce performance fatigue because of the ergonomic design and that alone offsets any inconvenience.
