I initially thought that these would be very wimpy sounding. I was wrong. They have a great tone with my metal distortion pedal. I have a Schecter Hellraiser with EMG X Series pickups and they go great with them. They are easier to bend too which is great. I no longer use heavier strings like I use too. These will be my mainstay.
I don't put these on every guitar but on the right guitar they are perfect.  What's the right guitar?  Longer scales- like a strat.  I would not put these on a shorter scale (22") because it would get too flubby.  If you hit the power chords hard you may also want to stear clear-  these require a bit more subtlety in your attack or you will vibrate in and out of tune on the low E when you are pulling off windmills like Townshend.  They do allow super  easy string bends for when I feel lazy or for when my fingers are torn up from playing.  YMMV.
I don't know why more people don't use these: they're amazing. I've used many strings and owned many guitars. These aren't diamonds or gretsch but they're fantastic. I love them on my strats. The last and make playing a breeze. I don't have any tone loss between these and .10's. If I do it's more than made up by the fact that I can play better with lighter strings.
Strings rust very easily, yield fairly poor tone and break often, though they have the same bending ability as .09-.42.
These strings are beyond amazing. Switching to Ernie Ball strings should be a matter of course when purchasing a new electric guitar, and if you do any blues playing at all, Extra Slinkies are for you. They bend and bend and bend, are easy on the fingers during lengthy solos, and give a great sound whether you're playing gritty or bright. I also play country and punk, and these strings let me get enough twang and beef, respectively, to play those styles as well. The best $5 you will ever spend on a guitar improvement is to put Ernie Ball strings on your guitar.
I've been playing guitar for years and lately I've been wanting some slinkier strings so I can get a little more bend out of them. I thought I'd try these out and I loved them. After playing with these for a week I loved the way that they played and I loved the way they sound. So I ordered 6 more packs of these. The extra slinky strings are fantastic and you definitely won't find a better set of strings for the money.
Weak sounding, and break very easily. I would not recommend these to anyone other than those who literally have no callus developed.
Great strings, I use Ernie Ball strings on all 7 of my guitars, both acoustic and electric and never had a complaint. I have experimented with others but always come back to them.
I just cant get enough sustain out of the high E.for my taste. Tried them on Epi LP and a PRS. I'm no Eric Clapton, and I dont use 4 amp heads nor do I employ 3 guys to work on my guitars, but thats my impression. Just not enough umph...
These are my favorite guitars strings, they last a long time, bend well, hold great sound, and you won't have to tune your guitar every five minutes like some strings.
