It definitely changes the sound of my Classical Guitar for the better (Pavan TP-30).  It allows the the bass notes to have distinct upper note harmonics/partials and it takes away the boominess of the fundamental.  My initial thought was that it did away with the "blurriness" of the low bass to mid-range response and balanced the entire spectrum of the guitar's range.  Amazing what a $20 piece plastic can do.  Highly recommended.
Actually, it was really easy to install..i just losen 6,5,4,3 string and just put it in and it was over!i felt volume coming out from sound hole is bigger than beforebut tone, i don't know.. maybe im dumb enough to not notice
I use to have a guitar that sounded horrible with this thing in there. It was a pain to take out, too. However, it got a new lease on life with my new guild guitar. It did stop feedback issues and sounded somewhat better overall. I had to cut part of it for the volume and tone control which is located in the sound hole. Something you might want to think about before getting one of these.
For years I have fell more and more in love with my Yamaha CGX-111SC. Stil, nylon acoustic guitars have this weird sound when played on open spaces without using the piezo (note: change to a better piezo system, LR Baggs are great!), high notes were lost in the thin air covered by the lower notes. I wanted to experiment with this item... result: GREAT!!! I finally got to listen to what I use to heard from the recordings at controlled environments. The sound is richer and clarity makes unique.
Let me first start off with the sizing. When they say "Fits Soundholes from 33.75" - 35"", they really mean it.You are going to have a hard time trying to fit it even if it is 1/16" smaller than the specifications.I know I did. My friend's Oscar Schmidt 3/4 sized guitar was just that much smaller and it did not fit well. The edges did not "catch" completely  and it looks terrible.My classical guitar had a similarly sized soundhole but because of the much wider fretboard at the edge of the soundhole, it did not fit at all. You could try cutting the edges off the Oport at the fretboard.The main issue is the sound.Yes, it does make the sound fuller when you are strumming, slightly but enough to tell.However, it does so at the expense of the sustain and harmonic overtunes.Fingerpicking just does not sound as nice as before, even though the guitar is noticeably better on the bass notes.For me, that does not justify it.A simple bone saddle does way better than this and it cost less.Another thing I found out was what was Amazon does to stuff others return - they resell as brand new if it looks brand new.The packaging on mine came slightly torn and looked as if it had been opened. Does it matter? In practical terms, no, not for this sort of item.I guess that is how Amazon keeps their prices low yet with good customer service and return policies.
This is great but I needed an actual sound-hole cover.  I bought this along with the Planet Waves Screeching Halt sound-hole cover.  Though only using it for a short time I did notice the bottom end seemed more focused.
While the sound improvement is not huge with my guitar, it didn't need to be. When it comes to music, it is&#34; that little extra&#34; that makes the difference. The Planet Waves O-Ports gives me that extra. I have no doubt it will continue to please me for many,many years to come.
This does what it says it does. Anything is better than the rubber plug that was in the soundhole. This is easy to install, I just losened the strings and inserted the o port. My Washburn D-30S will never leave home without one.
I installed one on my Larrivee D10E which created a more focused and pleasing bass response and reduced feedback when amplified. I then tried one on my Breedlove Custom Revival OM with poor results. I believe the Breedlove's inherent bass response conflicts with what the oport is supposed to accomplish. In both cases, I had to cut slots for my pickup controls which takes a little time and care  to do neatly. I think , for 20 bucks it is worth a shot, but don't expect miracles.
- Put this on a Gibson J-45. It did increase the bass (OK, as that's not a J-45's strength) but it ruined the wonderful clarity and balance these guitars have. Also took off a little of the finish on the sound-hole when I removed it.- Tried it on a Martin D-28. Nope. The bass got muddier, which is definitely the *wrong* way to go with a Martin.- At this point, was going to return it, but finally tried it on a small body. Now THIS worked GREAT. Louder, focused and projects much better - almost resonator-like. Fantastic for slide or capo'd high. That's it's home now.So...An O-Port can help a guitar that needs help - a small body or cheap guitar. In my sample of 2, it made high-end guitars sound worse. If you can't afford a better guitar, may be worth a try. But, be careful, as it did chip off some finish on at sound-hole.
Perhaps it may do something of worth for you but if you have one of the finer made guitars this will probably do more to subtract than add to the sound. Be advised that I did not use it in front of a microphone where perhaps the shape of this internal plastic cone might do something you like in directing the sound to a mike. As strictly an issue of natural acoustics, I found it deflected sound in a way that seemed to decrease my guitar's output and resonance. I have an Aria AD-80 which is a very well-made Chinese attempt at cloning a Martin D-42. It can not compete with the real Martin but for the money I paid it was a great buy and it is known as a "sound canon" for it's great natural volume. Adding the O-Port deadened the lows. It just didn't provide any plus at all anywhere else. It is however pretty inexpensive so if you're a nut for nuance and you want to try it for yourself it's not going to break your bank. But again, if you have one of the better makes of guitar where a real person "voiced it" in his or her manufacturing process, this plastic gizmo will likely subtract from that and not add anything. I'm an acoustic nut and I'd love to have a sound port in the side of my guitar to hear everything that goes on inside that box. The O-port seemed to "corral" the sound and shoot it out that plastic horn not allowing me to hear some of the resonance of the sound bouncing back off the back and sides below the sound hole. Sorry to be a crab about it--I like Planet Waves stuff and they were very good to me personally in the "Humidipak" recall a few years back. But this product was a waste to me.
Not sure if it did improve my sound or not.  I have a fender dreadnought acoustic and I couldn't really tell that much.  Maybe just a little.
Very pleased with this item.  It really gives the guitar a richer mid sound and definitely picks up more of the bottom.  Definitely projects more of the sound from the sound hole.
