As LC condenser it's definitely a light weight, but for lesse than a $100 bucks it sounds pretty good...Used on acoustic guitar with less than satisfatory results, but got a great sound out of a violin and a fairly decent voice sound.Looking forward to more tests.
when given a budget for cheap microphones, the odds are that you cant afford to make a mistake by buying this one. I like the fact that it adds a deeper, bassier tone to any voice but it's missing clarity. If you want the low tone but also treasure your clarity, spend 30 dollars less and get an MXL 990 instead. it even comes with its own shockmount and carrying case. I hooked the 990 up to a cheap ART Tube MP preamp and after letting a few vocalists experiment with it, they agreed that the 990 was clearly superior to the V67G that was hooked up to much more expensive preamp. Some vocalists actually prefer the MXL 990 over a couple of my Shure condenser microphones.
bought this for a modest step up in vocal tracks for home recording on my 24 bit neo 2488.Ive been using the mxl990. mic would be great for the price if it wasnt defective. used it forabout 30 minutes before crackling and static started. had to go back to the 990 until all of thereturn and warranty is taken care of. i still recommend the mic though. it is hotter than the 990in its highs, but with good compression, power amp and eq the result is well worth the money.
This mic is really nice. I have used it on many recordings and it still amazes me that it can sound so great. Works great on voice overs, singers, and rappers.That said, it won't outperform the mics you would encounter in studios today, but with a little tweaking, and the right preamp, this mic can sound great.There was one review that mentioned it isn't for female vocalists. I've only used it on one and it sounded great, not as good as the one I used in studio, but it worked in a pinch for overdubbing with no studio time available.
I am not a studio engineer, nor am I a professional musician.  I record songs in my home as a hobby.  I like to have reasonably nice gear in order to get as good a sound as possible in that setting, so if you're at or around the same level, you know what I'm talking about.  Will this compare to a mic that costs three times as much?  No.  Are you likely to find it in a high-end professional studio?  Eh...probably not.  Is it a pretty sweet deal at this price point?  Hells yes.I've worked my way up in terms of mic quality as my hobby has gotten progressively more serious, and this is the nicest mic I own right now.  The difference in quality between this and even a nice dynamic mic is immediately obvious.  I use it for recording vocals, and my voice (again, not a pro!) is finicky to record, usually sounding pretty muddy.  Even with nicer dynamic mics usually used for vocals (SM57 and 58) this was still the case.  But with this mic, my voice sounds much more clear and open.Admittedly, this is a very subjective evaluation, but then aren't all mic evaluations subjective?  You can go on all day about response range and EQ flatness, but what matters in the end is how the mic sounds in your application.  And to my ears, this mic sounds wonderful.My only real gripe is that the sensitivity pattern doesn't seem to be a super-tight cardioid, because it still picks up some sound coming from behind it.  Perhaps this is how it's supposed to be, but when trying to record both vocals and a loud electric guitar simultaneously, it can be a headache trying to jury-rig an isolation method that works.  I took off a star for this alone, although that may not be fair since I haven't used any other large-diaphragm condensers and therefore have no idea if they're all supposed to behave this way.
use to record my music, works great on vocals and instrument  together or separate. I like the deep tones and wide range of pick up. it grabs everything so you need to be careful of background, get it if you are even thinking, dont forget phantom power is needed !
Really a nice mic. I did a lot of research before purchasing this for my home studio. I record acoustic guitar and vocals through this mic and they sound wonderful. Plenty of low end while still capturing the clear mids and highs. Makes my voice sound fantastic. I read a lot of reviews saying that this mic with the right voice works wonders, and it certainly does for mine.Worth a shot if you're on a budget like me!
Really a remarkable microphone for around $100.  Very sensitive . . . its for studio, not live performances.  Be sure to set your DAW insert on your input channel with a compressor/limiter, as you can easily blow through the volume into clipping.  Has a rich warm tone, like tube mics.  Compares to a Audio Tech 2020, not in the class of say an Audio Tech 4040.  Can't beat it for the price.
This mic is fantastic! I've been singing, writing, and recording for almost 30 years and this mic is pretty much just as good as all of the silly expensive German mics I've used in larger studios over the years. There's a very slight presence peak, but nothing like most of the other Chinese mics. It isn't shrilling or peaky at all. Male tenor vocals and acoustic guitar sound great without any need for EQ whatsoever beyond a hi pass filter for the sub 100hz stuff. This mic is also an excellent candidate for a Michael Joly mod, he calls it one of the 7 audio wonders of the world because it makes no sense that this mic is this good at under $200. Michael mods these mics and you'd be hard pressed to be able to tell the difference between this one and the famous U87 with the German name that starts with an "N". I'm using it totally stock and it's been great. Buy it.
I'm pretty new to using mics and PA systems but have used dynamic mics in the past, recreationally.  This condenser mic is way larger and heavier than a dynamic mic, I was surprised when I took it out of the box.  It is as good looking in person as in the pictures.  Three things for the benefit of other newbs: 1.) I learned that condenser mics are very susceptible to moisture and so you have to purchase a windscreen if you're going to use this for vocals, since moisture from singing into the mic can damage it. 2.) This has a cardioid pickup pattern; you don't sing directly into the end of the mic like a dynamic mic.  This should stand straight up on a mic stand, paying attention to which way the mic is facing since it there will be a lot of attenuation on one side of it. 3.) It requires phantom power.  You need a PA that provides 48V power to use it.When I first used this mic, I tried singing into the end of it and couldn't hear myself very well.  Later in the evening I was standing off to the side and could hear myself so loud that I had to back away about a foot from the mic.  Then I remembered reading about the cardioid pattern and stood it up straight on the mic stand, paying attention to the orientation of the mic.  It was so sensitive that I really had to stay backed up from the mic and it was easy for two or three people to stand around it for vocals.  I have a Rainsong WS1100 acoustic electric guitar I was playing, and was able to turn off my amp completely because this mic picked up the instrument and my vocals so clearly.  Other musicians were impressed by it as well.  I payed just under a $100 for it, which I think is a great value for this product.
