Work awesome :)
I have a few guitars and these hooks work extremely well without costing too much.I also like the clean almost modern lines and that they don'y look like hardware.Plus they are all padded afor protection.
I couldn't say that I loved it. It's only a guitar hanger. It just holds a guitar. If I needed another I would buy this type.
I wanted a wall hanger for my mandolin, and this works great.  The arms are adjustable, so the instrument won't rest on the pegs.  The foam is good, and the hardware is included.  Plus, the price is great.
I am worried that I will damage my instruments if they are left standing around. This will allow me to show off and protect them.
It's easy to install, very tough, and I love how it looks. It can support quite a bit of weight (assuming you properly installed it on a stud, and not in drywall) and helps with cable management on a rough day.
I own a number of guitar hangers. This one was a good buy for the money. I have wood ones that are heavier and more attractive, but also a good deal pricier. For what I spent for this one, it is adequate as long as it &#34;holds Up&#34; (Pun intended)
Installs with two screws. I don't trust the sheet rock anchors that come with the screws. I drilled into wooden studs. It is firm, secure and would probably hold a 200 pound gorilla. These seem very well made. The prongs are adjustable to hold almost any stringed or bowed instrument. Some of the foam padding used in hangers and stands may cause a reaction with nitro cellulose finishes, so I will keep my eye on it for a while. Over all, it is a good way to display your instruments, it allows easy access and unclutters the floor in my very small music room. I bought 4 and going back for more.
I was excited with how easy it was to set up, and it makes my music room look so much better with guitars hanging up instead of just sitting on the floor or on stands
I've got three of these to hold an acoustic, a mini strat, and a jazzmaster .... while I had no doubts about their capacity to hold the former I was somewhat leary about the later (it's quite a bit heavier than the other two) but after putting some weight on it and it not coming apart I have been trusting it ...Do Not fix these directly into drywall with the screws provided though they seem awfully small for the weight of a full-size electric (and I have my doubts about those plugs), the hanger will hold but the drywall might not, get some good wall anchors at your local hardware store rated for at least the weight of your instrument. I used a different setup, #10 philips (slotted round heads would have actually been better) to fix them to a nice piece of 3/4 x 6 x 6 pine and screwed that into the studs with some 2.5" #12 screws. Needless to say it's not going anywhere. As a bonus of this scheme even the acoustic hangs free of the wall.OK, one month later and nothing has come down so clearly they work fine even for something as heavy as a Jazzmaster.
Arrived promptly.  Nicely packaged.  Holding my instruments securely.  I'll likely order more, and would recommend these to anyone shopping for wall mounts.
many similar products for much more money do not do as well as these simply designed easy to use & install hangars. They are reliable (so far), they do not hurt anything on your instrument, & I am using one for my heavy fretless bass as well as my guitars & violin! How self adjusting can they be!? apparntly - quite!
Easy install and great price. Shopped these for awhile and had to get all my guitars off the floor, bed, corners of room etc Installed in two minutes. Holds neck lightly - easy up easy down. Padded so does not scratch finish on neck. Will buy again.
I use this item for my daughter 1/2 size guitar, its looks light in weight and firm, and can be adjusted for different sizes of guitars.
Good thing I didn't trust the plastic anchors. I put a bit of weight on it & the screws came out of the anchors. The anchors stayed in the wall. I found a stud & it works & looks fine. Good inexpensive guitar hangers. I'm getting a few more!!
You have to pay a lot more at a guitar store for something like this.  Granted it doesn't look as nice but it does its job.  I put couple of them up and have my guitar hanging  on it without any problem.
I just got them (I bought 5) and put them up, so I don't know about longevity. So far, though, they work great and seem to be sturdy enough. And the price is great!I am using them for a variety of instruments including steel string acoustic guitar, classical acoustic guitar, electric guitar, electric bass guitar (4 string), and mandolin. The hangers adjust easily while maintaining stability.
What makes it fit all guitars is that the prongs rotate independently. If you have a standard size guitar neck, don't bother with that. I would have preferred something that was stationary that I could just stick the guitar in. As it is I have to jiggle and align it a bit, using 2 hands sometimes, which will be annoying after awhile. If I buy another it would be a standard hanger.
Yes, I bought 3 and they fit all my guitars, mandolins, ukulele, bass.Very easy to install on the wall.
I just got done installing these. My three guitars and mandolin take up virtually no room in my small house anymore, my guitars are decorating the wall at the same time, and my guitars won't tip over either. Not only was this the least expensive solution out there, but also the most space efficient (to keep my wife happy).I used the screws that came with the mounts and made sure that they went into a stud. You can usually find a stud by looking for a screw or nail that the drywallers didn't get covered with drywall mud. Once you've found one screw, then your studs are either 16 or 24 inches apart. With the mounts screwed into wood studs, I don't see any way these are coming down. The mounts fit everything from my 12 string acoustic, to my heavy electric Strat, to my mandolin beautifully.Gotta love Amazon. With so many options to choose from, you can come up with something great and inexpensive too. And the reviews give you an idea of what real consumers are experiencing with the product.BTW, this seller really got these to me fast. This was a great buying experience. Thanks DisplayGiftSCOM.
This is very nice holder which holds my guitar in an accesible but safe from scratching place.  the mount screws were too low of quality to use though, I went and got my own mount screws (was able to use black ones that matched - better) as these did not work that well and I did not want to trust my expensive guitar to them.
Given to sister from mysel.  She noted it very compact and discreet in hanging instrument out of way of any impending fracture.
light weight, easy to install, holds very well, does exactly what it was designed to do, hold a guitar on a wall
I was leery of this since it was half the total price of just about every other one I considered. Because of the return policy I took a chance and am not only glad I did, but am also thoroughly impressed with this hanger.First, I doubt if I could build one for anywhere near the price of this if I purchased the materials locally. Factor in that shipping (at the time of my purchase) is free and this is a no brainer.Installation is also a no bainer and made so by the mounting hardware that comes with the hanger.There is one concern you may have. If you have instruments with nitrocellulose finishes the protective rubber sleeves on the hanging fork may eat into those finishes. Personally, mine are being used to hang a cheap Squire Strat and J-bass, and an Epiphone Les Pail Junior II - instruments more decorative than functional. I am not saying the sleeves will ruin the finish, but merely raising that possibility to help you to make a purchase decision.The bottom line, though, is if you are hanging guitars that do not have a nitrocellulose finish these hangers are a bargain. In fact, they are probably the best deal you are likely to find and are worth every cent.
It was almost obvious this product would come from china but even worse when it ships from china.  Any thing i have bought that was shipped directly from china has been much lower quality than anything retailers are even willing to sell.  If you can wait a month for delivery or longer, if you dont mind your guitar falling off the wall when the chinese quality lives up to its reputation then order up.  If you have over a $500 guitar be wise and buy an expensive one unfortunately they will most likely be made in china too. I have decided to build my own
I lost a recording/rehearsal space I shared with some musician friends when it burned down from an electrical fire during 'superstorm' Sandy late last year.  A total loss - and we had no insurance (we sure learned our lesson).So, we rented a new space (this time it's nowhere near the shore) and we are re-building.  We're starting from scratch, and little odds and ends like guitar hangers add up after a while (it's bad enough we had a number of instruments, amps, and other equipment to replace).  So if we can save a few bucks here and there, it helps.I bought one of these hangers to see if they were any good. After I tried it and it worked fine, I went back and bought another 9 of them.  We have guitars, basses, ukeleles and mandolins hanging from them - they work on all sizes.  We use those wide-threaded sheetrock anchors to screw them into the wall.  Like I said, they're nothing fancy, but they get the job done!
I have purchased a few guitar hooks in the past for my studio. However, I wanted to add a few to our rehearsal space but didn't want to spend a lot. These did the trick fine. They are perfect to rest your axe for a bit without a guitar stand getting in your way. Especially for the price. Okay, they are not high end, but I didn't need high end ones.
The hanger was very easy to install, holds my acoustics safely,the instruments are easy to take down and put back in the hanger.The product arrived within 2-3 days, I couldn't believe how fast it got here.And yet the price is the best part of all.
works out great for my two Ukus,,  hung it on the wall, looks good and is easy to adjust etc.
The wall mount is very good, adjustable so it fits my guitars perfectly. The screws & anchors are poor. If you are not putting this into a stud, go get you some better anchors. Do not trust these to hold your guitar if mounted to drywall only.
While I wouldn't trust these to hold up my electric guitars, I have found other uses for them and have 2 of them now. The 1st one I used to try and hold my Dean From Hell guitar but it just mashed that foam around the yokes into nothing and didn't want it to damage my baby. So I ended up using it to hang my Rock Band guitar. This 2nd one I'm using to hang up my Beats Pros.I chose this product over some simple hook to hang my headphones is because of the foam covered yokes. I figured if you spread the weight over 2 cushioned points instead of a single unprotected point of a hook that the head cushion would hold up better. And the distance of the yokes means that the ear cushions won't ever touch the wall.This is a fantastic product if you understand it's limitations. I would recommend this for acoustic instruments, any type of RB/GH guitars, and probably your lighter/cheaper/mostly plastic electric guitars...or even headphones that you'd like to baby.
This is just what I have been wanting for a while now. I have my Les Paul style guitar hanging right by my computer desk and that baby gets played a whole lot more than when it was in the case! A floor stand worked fine until I knocked it over one day:( Now it stays on the wall and away from danger but never out of reach!
It's not a thing of beauty so if looks is what you are after then this wall mount isn't for you. If you are looking for a solid, easy and convient place to hang your guitar where it won't get stepped on or kicked over then this is for you. It works great to hang a standard size guitar on. There is a little wiggle room left so a oversize may fit but I am not sure. It has a soft foam cover over the steal arms to protect your guitar, hangs by the neck where the head stock curves out so the tuning pegs aren't bumped and hangs straight, just touching the wall with the body. I recommend it.
Great hook!  Supports a lot of weight.  Looks good on any wall.I would highly recommend this hook to anyone for any application.
I ordered eight of these after reading the reviews.  I have five guitars, including two Les Paul's and they hold them just fine.  I give them four stars.  The are fine for, I believe, all guitars at home, but I wouldn't use them for retail or something like a school.  They are made if ABS plastic and at the point where the arms swivel it's just a rivet the holds them together.  The wall anchors that they send with them are a joke.  like the other reviewer said, you really should find a stud to mount them to, but if you must use wall anchors, use the burly moly ones that bore into the dry wall.  All in all these are sturdy and stable (when anchored to a stud) and I'll use more if I have the need.
I have had &#34;swing trees&#34; for many guitars for years. Usually they cost $10-15. This hanger is as good (plastic base not wood like some others) as any of the wood ones. Comes with wall anchors but I usually look for a stud to mount on. Soft cushioning. Weight of guitar keeps the arms (which swivel to allow for proper fit) snug about the neck. The thing came in 2 days and at $4 and free shipping it is a true bargain.
Wanted to hang my guitars on the wall.  These Hooks are padded, and rotate a little.  Provides a strong, non damaging support for some fine guitars.  The difficulty in installing was I wanted them to be screwed into a solid wall stud.  I had to attach them to a wood board, that I attached to the wall.  This also provided a additiional 3/4&#34; separation from the wall.  The guitars are less likely to bang on the wall.
I love this wall hanging mount. Of course, you should use longer screws than what they give you and you should make sure to mount it in a stud, or use drywall backing screws, etc, but that's just common sense.The actual product works perfectly and exactly as described. The arms are adjustable & stay where you put them. This fits my 5string Fender Jazz Bass as well as my acoustic guitar & violin (and even holds the neck without touching the pegs, if you want it to). I will be buying more of these for my other stringed instruments.This is a very well designed product that works just like you want it to.
Got them in 3 days and love them. So much cheaper than the stores and they are the same thing.
This is a cheaper alternative to the &#34;String Swing&#34; wall mount-- considerably less expensive.  It works fine.  It's easy to mount, easy to adjust and holds the instrument well.  The only downside is that the wall anchors aren't the heavy-duty plastic screw-in types but the smaller drill-a-hole-and-hammer-in-place types, which are neither as convenient nor as solid a mount as the others.  Of course you can always purchase a couple of screw-in heavy-duty mounts and you'll still save considerably.This of course doesn't have the beautiful hardwood finish of the String Swing.  For the lower price you get black plastic.  But it's sturdy enough, it looks fine and it does the job.  If it had sturdier wall mounts I'd give it 5 stars.  As it is, the cheaper and less-trustworthy mounts bring it 4 stars and a nod for being an inexpensive alternative. It is great for hanging ukuleles and mandolins and with sturdier screw-in mounts, should hold any size guitar.
I bought this holder and then mounted it on a stand I built of cherry and maple for my uke.  It does the job.  It could be just a little stiffer in its adjustment, but it stays where I put it, so no complaints.
I keep all my guitars in my room and I had to many stands cluttering it up. The screws they sent with were plenty long enough and all three that I got are holding guitars to the wall, on drywall nonetheless. So given that if you have a wood wall you should have no problem. They all are sturdy enough, and i have always been suspect of wall hangers. best deal and does the job.
