Great slap echo sound.  Do not buy this with the expectation that it will act like a digital delay- it's closer to a reverb.  It provides an echo sound similar to if you were playing in a room covered in tile (an old engineering trick!).  Great for old school rock and roll, rockabilly, chicken pickin etc.  This will fatten up the sound of a dry amp.  As with all FAB pedals, I find the knob placement slightly annoying, but at this price point you can't really make a justifiable complaint.  Construction quality is somewhat cheap but the knobs feel solid and it has not failed me in more than a year.
This pedal works but doesn't have the depth of echo I expected. I doesn't even come close to the same sound quality of my old Dan Echo DE-1 pedal.  That certainly explains the difference in price. You get what you pay for. I'm using it with a Fender Eighty-Five solid state amp. I tried it with other amps and it sounds the same. If you're looking for a good slap echo effect, I would recommend spending more money and buy the Dan Echo DE-1 pedal or even the Danelectro BLT slap echo pedal is less expensive than the Dan Echo, but still sounds better than the FAB echo pedal. The FAB echo pedal works and you can hear a definite difference with and without it. It's just not as good as I expected. I'm sorry I bought it and I don't recommend this pedal. There are much better ones on the market. Shop around.
These FAB pedals are cheap and mostly mediocre, but I bought this on a whim to use with a Fender tube amp and it works well. As other reviewers have stated, the pedal does not have very good build quality but it seems to hold up okay as long as it's not abused. I use the echo with both a telecaster and a cigar box guitar for vintage effects.I have found that the delay works well around 50 percent and the mix can be modulated to make a good mix of reverb and delay. I don't know if I would gig with this pedal or any othe FAB pedal because of my tendency to step hard on a pedal in live environments, but it serves it's purpose well and is cheaper than alot of other delay and echo pedals if you just need a basic effect. I have seen info about modding the pedal to control the delay and may do this in the future.I have alot of other pedals and I tried this pedal with a jazz bass, with some EQ tinkering, I found a good mix of echo. I originally saw a youtube video of a bass player using a D-4 and thought it would be a good idea. Again, Danelectro makes a higher end echo pedal which probably does a better job with delay, but this is a good deal and was $100 dollars cheaper than my Electro Harmonix Memory Boy pedal and sounds cool as a vintage vibe with an old amp.
I've needed one of these for my fender amp, yes I used to spend time dialing in the delay pedal for the rockabilly/blues numbers and if my settings got messed up, well, that would slow the show down. I wish my fender amp had this built into the amp but it didn't. This pedal makes playing rockabilly on my fender simple fast and easy. Really quick to setup and use. It's not a delay unit, it's not versatile either, but what it does, it does perfect!
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-4 Slap Echo effects pedal works great and gives me that Old Tube Amp Reverb sound that you would only expect from a more expensive unit.  There's no fancy bells and whistles but just good old manual adjustments that lets you dial in the sound you want with no effort at all..  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
this is perfect for playing rockabilly or country music.the case is made of plastic but seems sturdy as long as you dont stomp on it too hard. but for 20 dollars its well worth the price.  this is a great product and i highly recomend it.
I'm sure this isn't the best echo pedal (or even in the top 100), but it serves it's purpose fairly well. Stacking with other cheap danelectro pedals will degrade your tone but it isn't something that most of us can't live with. for 14.99 us it's worth taking the risk IMHOUpdate: The pedal gave up the ghost (died) In a relatively short amount of time. I replaced it with  mini modtone type delay.... I actually like the dano sound better, but the modtone will do for a slapback and it is built way better.
I admit, i was really just curious how good a $15 pedal could possibly be, so i figured i would try one out. I had played some Danelectro stuff in the past (a baritone guitar and an amp many years ago) and remembered being satisfied with their stuff. Anyway, i figured since the pedal was so cheap, why not try it out.You know, it is a pretty decent stompbox. The slap echo is a good enhancement effect, meaning, it isnt really over the top....just gives you a mellow, reverb-ish echo...not quite delay, not quite reverb...kind of somewhere in between. I have since added it to my stompbox set up for that little something different. Not bad at all. I cant speak to battery life though, since i use an adapter combo to power all my effects. For kicks, try it out with some distortion and/or overdrive, and a wah....Anyway....Enjoy!
Is the the best pedal ever? Not even close. Does it do EXACTLY what you want a simple slap-back echo/reverb to do? Absolutely! I almost always have it on just to add a little depth to my synth or guitar sound. It can give you a decently wet surf-ish sound or a fast delay, rockabilly sound. It's not super versatile but if you're looking for a little depth and color for under $20 then this is what you need.I mean, COME ON! It works, it's cheap, and it doesn't take up much room on your pedal board!
It has a 1950's slap back echo Its good for the price No putting It down for Sounding bad as with most Danelecto products and probably higher price and lower price products used the same circuits. If You want something that Is just reverb without all the slap back then Behringer DR600 which I use for Vocal for Guitar I use RV600 which has space verb and ducking also called shimmer.
I bought one of these pedals 3 years ago, along with some of the other Danelectro pedals in this line, and was happy with it. The sound I get with it is very, very cool. After a while it just stopped working. While I was disappointed at that moment I just ordered another one the next time I was online. You can't beat the price. If it does stop working after after a few years of use, you aren't looking at paying $90 or more for a new pedal. All of my other Danelectro pedals are still working just fine so it may have been a fluke in the electronics or I just used it to death. An electrical engineer friend and I took the pedal apart to try and fix it but decided it wasn't worth taking up our time since I could replace for $15. So I ordered another one. Definately get an adapter for this. Yes, it's casing is plastic but quite sturdy. Just don't jump on it like you're trying to put out a fire when turning it on and off. Guitars and effects are the tools of a musican's trade not the hammer and nails of a builder's. Think about getting a 1 Spot adapter so you can chain several pedals to one outlet. If you would rather use batteries for each of your pedals...well...I'd suggest buying them by the gross. Any effects pedal made by any company is going to eat batteries like a stoner eats potato chips. Used alone or with other effects, the Danelectro Fab Slap Echo Effects Pedal will be sure to delight your auditory kinesthesis.
good price for effect  if your looking for a bit of echo then this is for you.  I have amps that have this feature that due a better job.
