this is a must have pedal for any rock player, tight compressed distortion sound , you could play with the EQ to get the sound your looking for, it goes from an overdrive sound to a really heavy distortion, It's build to last forever, the sustain is fantastic and the top boost give you another range of possibility's.the only downside is the battery, get the power adapter , batteries wont last more than 2 or 3 days and you have to unscrew the back to replace it.Overall, I'm really happy with this pedal.
I bought this pedal years ago, and like most guitarists who buy new gear, I fell victim to CONFIRMATION BIAS regarding the reviews I gave to my musician friends. Upfront, the pedal sounds great. In the store, if you demo this pedal, you'll quickly be able to zero in on whatever distortion you prefer... but over time, you'll get very frustrated with the actual tone of the distortion itself. Turn any of the knobs past 12, and you'll get some undesirable nasal/hissy/tinny frequencies that require compression, noise gating, and EQ to tame. The &#34;Top Boost&#34; does provide what it advertises, but if the pedal itself is already Dimebagged and you engage the Top Boost... it just sounds weird and unmusical.Electro Harmonix is a great pedal manufacturer, but I think they overstepped their bounds with this one. Where is this pedal now in my collection? Sold for cash. After deciding to bite the silver bullet and purchase a BOSS ME-70 Multi-Effects to simplify my gigging setup, I figured as nice as it is to have an Analog Distortion like the Metal Muff, it would never compete with the Digital Distortion onboard the ME-70... boy was I wrong. After getting the ME-70, I did an A/B test and the ME-70 took home the gold easily. This came at no surprise... considering both BOSS and MXR are respected manufacturers when it comes to Distortion sounds.What would I recommend you purchase? That depends. If you're in a metal band, and you're recording an EP, no pedal in my opinion comes close to fully-cranked tube-amp distortion. However, if your amp doesn't have a good distortion channel or capability, then a more conservative (and affordable) BOSS DS-1 for a more musical metal tone. The reality is, most manufacturers have great distortion pedals, so it really depends on your subjective standards for tone... since no two distortions sound the same. Personally, I recommend the MXR Fullbore Metal... the pedal I wish I had bought instead of the Metal Muff. The Noise Gate and Mid Scooper switches are far better pedal accessories than a Top Boost. The Fullbore also has a Mid Frequency shaping knob... which can dramatically shape the overall sound.
Dang that's metal. Were the first words I said when plugging this thing in to the line. With a wide range of sound and versatility with just one pedal and two buttons is awesome. The only issue was with some manufacturing detail. The input and out put jacks are screwed up and nearly broke my cables when trying to set it up for the first time. The buttons were way to stiff and made a horrid crunch the first time I used it and after talking to amazon it turns out that just seems to be how it is. Be sides that its metal, nothing more nothing less. Razor sharp high ends or some butt draggin muddy slop of sound either way your covered with this pedal.
I own all 3 versions of this pedal and cherish them. If you need more control with EQ, This pedal with switchable top boost is the ticket. More versatile than the Sovereign.
This is a pretty awesome pedal, especially if you're going for more of an 80's or 90's metal sound that's more chunky and defined than fizzy. Think earlier Mesa models, like the famous Mark III C+ that was used by Metallica on the Master of Puppets album. Of course no pedal can perfectly replicate that sound, but the Metal Muff does a pretty amazing impression.Some of the best aspects of the Metal Muff include:1. Great clarity and definition, even on higher gain settings. Seriously, most high gain pedals cause you to lose a lot of definition in your playing, but the metal muff doesn't do that. So especially for the lead guitarist, this should be a major selling point.2. Wide range to the tone controls. With some pedals it's really hard to hear a difference when you adjust the tone controls, but not so with the metal muff. You can easily dial in the sound you're after, or maybe even find a new sound you like even better.3. The quality of construction is absolutely superb. Everything about the pedal is rugged and durable. I'd feel totally comfortable gigging without a backup.On a different note, I've only used this pedal with my Fender Hotrod tube amp, and it sounds great. However, I prefer the Rocktron Zombie pedal to the Metal Muff(see my review of the Zombie for more info on that). However, the Rocktron Zombie doesn't sound good through solid state amps. I mention this because if you're using a tube amp, I honestly feel that the Zombie is a better option. But if you're playing through a solid state amp, the I've read that the metal muff still shines. Just something to consider.To conclude, this pedal is awesome if you're looking for a pedal to give an all-round good, straight-up metal sound. Sure, it's a bit of a one-trick pony, but it's a pretty good trick. If you're looking for an ultra high-gain distortion monster then look else where, but otherwise I recommend giving the Metal Muff a look.
