I got it today in the mail, and i already tried it. It's really cheap product but it works really well. I'm really happy with it and it made me save several minutes to change my strings.
This string winder is adequate but not really solid. It gives me good use but seems like the materials are to soft. I had to glue the contacts on this thing since it gives way at times. This is just adequate for my use.
I hate winding strings. I got this to help with that. It does it job very well. You can string your guitar in a fraction of the time. It could be a little tougher but as long you don't give it hell it will be fine. Great and cheap product!
Pretty simple tool, did exactly what I needed it to for a decent price. I'd order again if I needed another one!
Nice to use and easy and smooth in putting the guitar strings on place on the guitar - very easy
It is a nice smaller version of the 114SI Road Pro.It would be great if it had a steel shaft.The plastic shaft feels like it will break.But it is cheeep!
this makes winding strings MUCH faster, but it does feel flimsy, and the end piece doesn't fit over my tuing pegs correctly, so it's a bit of a haslle getting started. Other than that it's great for the price, but not a must have
And that's all I've got to say about it. It hasn't stuck, broken, or slipped in any of the string-changes I've used it for. Costs a little extra, but well worth that price. You'll need a new one about every ten years or so.
I bought this cause i needed something to easily change the strings on my guitars. This thing works great. For the price you can't beat it. Maybe one day I might get the powered one but until then this thing will do. Fits in your pocket, gig bag, etc. So you can have this thing on the go. Works great and you can't beat the price.
Lets face it, in general string winders are pretty much all the same right? WRONG! I went with this one because I trusted the Dunlop name. What a let down. on the second guitar I used it on the handle and the head separated, sure you can press it back together, but after separating several times on every string, it gets a little old....quick. Already ordered a different one to replace it. One thing I cant stand is inferior tools.
Jim Dunlop has produced these for more years than I'd like to admit to personal knowledge.  As long as I can remember, I've had one in my case and one on the workbench.  There are dozens of wannabe models, but none are as genuinely authentic as good ol' Jim Dunlop's.  I gotta remember not to get the black ones, though.  I seem to lose them to easily - or maybe they are really that good, and they just get 'borrowed'.
A simple device, yet so useful.  I hate changing strings without one, anymore.  Dunlop provided an inexpensive winder that's durable.
Ok its cheap. You knew that when you bought it. I really thought it was going to be more then one since it said assorted and showed a few in the picture. It was only one and it was red. Broke with first use.
