Cleans your strings and makes your fingers go across the strings a little faster.This is a good long lasting product and a little goes a long way.It is VERY safe for guitar finishes.
That cloth... They should have included something that doesn't fall apart.Otherwise it's great. I use it as recommended by the container and it keeps the strings nice and conditioned, but I'm with other people here who commented that you can't really tell how much of the stuff is left inside. Good idea to keep more than one of these around.
I play 5-string bass, both electric and acoustic and love this stuff.  Each bass I have has different strings for various reasons and I use this on every one.  My wife uses on her 6-string acoustic and electric guitars.  We keep a can in every case!
No spill, no mess. This is one of the easiest to use products for cleaning strings and necks. Just use the fast fret and wipe off with a rag. It will not dry out, and lasts for years. The only thing I don't like is the can will not fit in accessory area of my guitar case and the led has sharp edges, so put it down before using the cleaner.
Fast Fret, or at least some kind of string cleaner is a 'must have' for anyone who plays guitar. Because, if you think about it, strings get really dirty over time, and this product solves that issue. :)
This stuff will lube up your strings pretty well! The only downside is that it leaves tiny pieces of fuzz on my strings after a few times of use- but it comes with a little cloth that I assume is meant for this little inconvenience.
There's not much to say about this product, except that it works. It makes my strings last longer. Sometimes I get lazy owning so many guitars, and 20 minutes per &#34;well done&#34; restring adds up. This is a great way to put that off and keep jamming for as long as possible. It's small and conveniently stored too. I recommend trying it out!
I have used Fast Fret for a number of years and think it's a great product.  It now comes in a metal can and has a cap over the applicator versus the old plastic can with no cap over the applicator.  This is a much better way to package the product and will probably help it retain the lubricant longer.
I really love this. Tends to be very linty with time but it is still a very good product. Recommended.
I am in agreement with others that state this is a must-have. I battled with fret noise on recordings and fingers dragging on the fingerboard. This really lowers the friction and makes for a much more playable instrument and supposedly protects the wood. I've used it on the back of the neck as well and it helps as much as on the fingerboard. I rub the entire neck down before and after I play. It makes the guitar smell like it came right from the shop, which I suspect is what they must've been using all these years and never told me, though I never did ask...foolish me. Since I've recently gotten into doing my own setups, where I've read many forums and posters have recommended this and I figured what the heck, it's less than $5.
I discovered this string lubricant many years ago and I concur with what most of the reviewers here have said about it although I wouldn't call it a string cleaner although you indirectly clean the strings if you use the cloth and like another reviewer stated you should also use the cloth to clean the undersides of your strings as well.  I unfortunately live in a very humid climate being only a little above the equator and so strings have a very short life here and so anything that can prolong their life is a real boon for a musician here.  I agree that the only downside is the inability to tell in advance that you are running low on lubricant until it actually turns dry but I guess given the price and the overall usefulness of this accessory, one cannot complain too much.  Now that mine has just run dry I'm going to delay a replacement purchase while I try out something new that I've just discovered called "The Swipe" which enables me to clean both the undersides and the topsides of my strings without chemicals.  If this works as well as advertised, I may still get Fast-Fret but for its lubricating properties which really helps make playing a lot more comfortable.Recommended!
The name says it all. FAST fret = FAST fingers!  I played over 40 live shows from 45 min sets to 2.5 hr sets just this year on national stages.  My strings take a lot of abuse and slow down with all the sweat, grime, and dirt flying through the air. This stuff honestly works very well.  It is part of my regular arsenal.
Especially for the price, this is a great buy.  The strings on my acoustic were starting to get a bit loud when I would slide up and down the fretboard, and I was noticing quite a bit of lag when sliding too.  The only downside is that it would be much easier to apply this directly to the frets without the strings on, but the appeal is to bring life back to strings that aren't shining like they use to.  I just had to take a little extra time and care to get as much oil onto the fretboard and then make sure I wiped it in/off as thoroughly as possible, which required folding the provided rag and inserting it between the strings and fretboard and taking my time as I went from fret to fret.  Not a big deal though because the result was very pleasing.  The ease of sliding was tremendously improved and the strings sound and feel better than ever!  Take 10-15 minutes and do you and your guitar a favor...
I just got this yesterday so I don't know how long it will prolong the string's life but I have noticed a difference already. It's a lot easier to play since the strings feel a lot smoother which makes this worth buying for that alone. Also, it's cheap so I would give it a shot if I were you. I'm really happy that I "discovered" this product, in fact, I'm already ordering 2 more.
This is my fifth time buying this stuff! I really like the new container. The tin is way nicer than the old plastic one. This stuff works great and lasts forever! I play daily and one stick will last me at least a year before it gets too dirty/dry to use. One swipe is plenty (2 strings at a time from nut to bridge); then just fold the cloth and wipe clean. Makes moving power chords and soloing so much easier.
I have been using GHS Fast fret for over six years and it's amazing stuff, I apply just a tiny amount to the strings before I play and then wipe them down afterwards, I used to change strings every one to two months and now strings can last me a year. It's easy to control home much you put on and one can of this stuff lasts me a year or two, there isn't really any reason to just soak everything with it I don't think, I mainly use it to clean the strings. I'm really glad I found this stuff!
Very nice product. Strings feel and sound noticeably better plus the white mineral oil smells really good when applied to the neck.
I used this on a bass guitar with older strings and it made the strings brighter and more lively. I will try it on all of my guitars as it will prolong the life of most strings. I like the packaging and the small cloth it comes with. I use sections of t shirts to clean my strings and put them inside the packaging along with the cloth. This is a must for any fingerpicking guitar or bass player.
This product is great, I use it after every session. Keeps your strings clean and conditions the fret board. Every guitar player should keep this in their case.
Not an expert but it is cheap and simple and cleans and protects the strings. Hope that helps thank you
This makes sliding on the bass real smooth. It's also nice for cleaning. It is hard to tell if you are running low on oil or whatever liquid is in this thing but they seem to last for a fairly long time. And it's super easy to apply. Even though you're not a pro, act like one and slap some of this stuff on your bass or guitar before you play.
This product is not what it seems. It has a cool name, but that's about it. It's a tool oil that stinks. I tried my best to get use to this product, but learned that there are much better ways after going into the studio and recording for the 1st time. After doing away with the Fast-Fret, my playing has improved and I hardly ever have to change my string because of gook. Not to mention that getting that crap on my fingers was just nasty. I now use Old English and my guitars thank me, my nose thanks me and my fingers thank me. You will too...
Seems to work well, though I don't know how long it's supposed to last. I have sweaty hands, and when I'm done I wipe my guitar down with this lil guy and it helps a lot to keep the strings from getting dirty or cruddy.
I agree with all of the reviews, but have found another area to use fast fret on: THE NUT. When tuning, the strings (especially the lower wound strings) hang up on the nut which causes the string to pop instead of slide as it would on a roller nut. Dab Fast Fret onto the nut before tuning, and this problem is greatly reduced.
I got this product to clean and condition my guitar fretboards (well duh!)  Does it work?  Yes and no.  First it did not appear that anything was coming out.  After a bit of rubbing I did notice a &#34;slight&#34; bit of solution (turns out its mineral oil)on the fretboard by the frets.  I tried to spread it out with the included cloth and discovered that the cloth was useless (a paper towel would hold up better- seriously!)  I used an old tee shirt square and spread some of the oil around- but honestly it took me 10 to 15 mins and I noticed NO difference in the appearence or the playability of the guitar.  It says to use it before and after each session- thats about 30 mins of my time per guitar (I general play 2 guitars durning the course of a session).  I do still use this occasionally, but I would not spend money to purchase it again.  Just not what I was looking for in a fret board cleaner.
Let's cut to the chase: this is, more or less, a tight roll of gauze soaked in mineral oil.  But that's exactly what I need to clean and protect my fretboard.  The lubricating feature is just a nice plus.
I used this on a 5string bass. I liked how this helps me slide around the fretboard easier. My friend tried it on her acoustic guitar and hated it.Her reason for her opinion is simple. This stuff puts out a LOT more oil (or whatever it is) than you would think. This has the unintended consequence of the oil making your hard-earned callouses soft...which when playing guitar can lead to bleeding fingers pretty fast (and did for my friend).To apply this you simply hold the handle and press down while running it along each string, one string at a time. I highly suggest you only use one slide down each string. At first it may not look like anything is getting on your strings, but give it a few minutes and you will start to see the excess oil appear and start pooling under the strings on your fretboard. That's ok. You will need to wipe away the excess, and I'm telling you, if you accidentally get too much, that excess oil may not come off easily (didn't for me at least). Mine left little pools of oil between the frets, and I only used one swipe and thought I had just a little on there. Naturally, this product also makes your fingers very oily feeling. My friend hated that part too, and I agree with her. Soft callouses = no callouses. This is a good product idea, and I like it in theory, and with my thick bass strings I didn't have the severe problem w soft fingertips that she did. Just be aware of the possibility of that being a problem for you.It does what it says, but you may not like what else it does or how it feels on your fingers.
I've already posted about Fast Fret.  I love this stuff.  It's a mandatory inclusion in every one of my guitar cases.
The tips of my fingers often get pretty dry and cracked, especially when I've been playing a lot.  The problem, at least for me, is that pieces of the dead skins sometimes catch on guitar strings making slides, bends, and pull-offs less fluid.  A few strokes of GHS makes the fretboard give me a much smoother playing experience.  An alternative would be using Vaseline on my fingers, but that would probably be terrible for my fretboard.  Also, I sometimes use an Emory board to smooth my fingertips which helps, but I'd rather do that as little as possible to keep callouses strong.  GHS allows me to minimize that.
