Ok, I'm surprised that this unit is now over $15.00.  I only spent $8.59 for this and I'm mad at myself.  It was cheap enough that I rolled the dice to see if I could get away with a decent product for CHEAP.  It feels solid, looks like a real direct box...but sounds like ass.  I couldn't believe that Pyle would put that much effort into a great "fit and finish" product, yet not put decent components inside.  This is the noisiest piece of crap I've ever used - I ended up buying another direct box (spent over $60.00).  Pyle has once again lived up to it's name, but they should finish the name properly and re-brand as "Pyle of S***."Sorry folks, but I'd skip this one.  The 5-star ratings must be from employees.  The only reason I didnt' give it one star was because it was so cheap (Remember, I only spent $8.59), and I'm the one that pulled the trigger on the purchase.Live and learn.  Why would I think plugging a $2000.00 guitar into a cheap piece of crap was a good idea?  My fault.
Seem to work well. Keep the ground switch selected, and it will do just fine. I have used different direct boxes and I recommend this one.
I thought I was getting something that would boost/amplify the signal from my bass to the amp.  It didn't, but at it's cheap price it wasn't bad and I found other uses for it.  They make ones that will boost the signal, so if that's what you're looking for, be a careful consumer.
I bought this because my band's primary PA mixer doesn't have high-impedance inputs for a guitar pickup, and I don't always want to bring my submixer for quick-change gigs. So, a small, cheap DI box seemed like a good solution.The PDC21 is a no-frills device. It converts a 1/4" instrument cable (high Z) to a balanced/unbalanced 1/4" or XLR (low Z) signal. It does a fine job. I don't notice it coloring the sound (i.e., it's not changing the balance of frequencies transmitted) although it does lower the volume somewhat. That's to be expected in a passive DI box, and it doesn't bother me.I'm using it with an LR Baggs M1A active soundhole pickup. The M1A spits out a fairly hot signal, and I don't have any problem with the signal loss associated with the PDC21. If I were using a passive pickup in my guitar, the results might be different.Bottom line: it's small, fairly light, seems durable, and it does a good job converting my active guitar signal to the XLR inputs our PA mixer requires. It does everything I wanted, and the price was right. I see no reason to go shopping for a more expensive one.
This passive DI-box is a great little tool that provides attenuation to interface a line or instrument output with a balanced microphone input.  Some notes on this box are that the 0db attenuation still has some attenuation.  The -20db attenuation sounded funny, but that is probably because I used the same equipment for all attenuation settings.  With each attenuation setting, I had to adjust the input volume accordingly.  This device also a some ground lift switch that can prevent ground loops.  All the devices that I tried this with did not have their own internal grounding, so I needed to have the ground come from the mixer.  I did get some hum when I would touch the case, just like I did with other DI-boxes.  This product worked very well for my needs.
A loud hum will crescendo in every few minutes even if the ground is lifted.  Works great in intervals though, too bad those intervals are minutes.
I bought 4 pcs of these at $8each shipped. These are very well constructed and function very well too. I am using these to tap the INSERTS from my mixer and send the signal to my M-audio Fast Track ultra for recording. By putting the 1/4" TS partially in to the INSERT of my mixer (and most mixers) you can get a direct output without actually interupting the signal chain. The other end of the 1/4" TS cable goes to the PDC21 and then I use the XLR output to connect to my Fast Track using either and XLR to XLR or and XLR to TRS cable. My Fast Track did not like something about the signal level when I fed it directly from the mixer but with the PDC21 between the mixer and FTU, it works fantastic. This is for refernce recording in our jam-space, not studio recording; it works great for this application.I have also used this as a DI box for guitar, all of my gear is middle of the line (not junk but not super high-end), I don't notice any tone-sucking in my "jam-space" application.I would definately buy more.
It stopped working after 2 gigs. I'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. I guess you get what you pay for here.
Grabbed a handful of these units to bolster up my recording kit this year.  I got three single channels and two dual channel units.Set them up for the keyboard player (Dual Channel), bass, and guitar player DI's plus one from a DI output on a effects module that were all on stage and connected them into my snake running to the back of the venue.Crystal clear sound from all 4 units straight into a recording mixing console.  I was impressed.Not one pop, hiss, crack or anything from these units all night.  Even was able to adjust the pad setting on the guitar and bass to cut the signal a bit so I didn't have to use so much compression to keep the signal from clipping going to the recording.No telling how long these units will last, but for the price, who cares, just buy another one and move on.Check out how these boxes sound on the Band's YouTube page @ GerrellTheBand to hear the sound coming from these units.  Near studio quality.
this box is what i have been missing out of my setup. always getting the question,&#34;Can i hook my keyboard into your sound board&#34;. Feel good to say that now I have the capability now
Can't say much more than the description.  It's a cheap box that works.  Nothing fancy and not for everyone.  If you just need a box that is cheap this is it.
