I've been playing in bands since 1969 and have used every wireless ever invented and this beats them all, hands down!
So heres the thing that no one else wants to say. The thing is built like a piece of s***. It jingles and rattles and parts are always moving around. I used this 3 times and it shorted out. The lights started flashing and it got hot. I called line 6 and they determined it was bad so they opened a "ticket". FYI if you want to deal with the worst customer service in the industry just call line 6. Not only do they not know what they were talking about but in the backgrounc I could hear them lauging and joking like there was a big party going on. I wish I would have never bought this but hopefully I get  a new one soon. Well see how helpful they really are.
I have always loved line 6. This product sounded great for about an hour then total gave up. It went dead. I changed channels and it worked for like a minute then went dead. I am sorry to say that I returned it. My AKG wireless guitar bug has lasted years with no drop outs.I am really disappointed.
I love the freedom the G30 gives me. I'm a real klutz with my cords...especially on the ML designed guitars. So I figured this product would actually end up saving me money over the longrun. The sound is a lot more, there. Between this & the Bill Lawrence humbuckers that the sound is unforgiving and those mistakes will come through real clear...making you work on your technique and become a better player.I took off a star because I don't like the prospect of being a slave to Duracell. I am hoping that rechargeable batteries will be good enough for my needs and I'll give it 5 stars.Side-Note: the 2 foot cord they provide was junk for me. I suggest ordering some better ones.
I actually purchased this item refurbished on eBay.It is out there for $230 to $299.No buzzing and crackling and NO MORE WIRES!No more shorts in the cables, or stepping over cords.Finally, the technology is here for inexpensive wireless.The Relay G30 has perfect frequency response because it is in the 2.4GHz band like a wireless WiFi router or cordless phone.All the soft clipping is there for every nuance.In fact I don't hear any interference at all even with a single coil.Some feedback is good, but not that screaming feedback loop from cables missing their grounds.I play directly into a Line 6 POD and can piggy back Wah pedals and other effects with the Relay G30 on front. It is just like having an adjustable length guitar cable.This is a professional wireless system.Best purchase I've made this year.You won't be disappointed; it is worth the price.
