pretty....seems to work fine...purchased a pack for my playing buddy...he loves fender...only way to go...will order another set soon. very happy with service
The picks came before the estimated delivery date in a clearly marked package. All 12 picks were there. Saves me a trip into town therefore wear and tear on my car. They feel good in my hand while strumming the strings. Good deal and I will purchase again.
They work as expected; my problem is they blend in with my rug and if I drop them, it's a major effort to find them again!  Next time, I'll go for a vibrant color.
I'm working on new strumming patterns and these were exactly what I needed to 'soften' things up just a bit.
When I bought my first guitar about 6 months ago I just chose a pack of picks on Amazon's list of "other buyers also bought this" and those were these Fender 351 picks.At the time I figured all picks were created equal.Since then I've tried various sizes and brands - Dunlop, Planet Waves, etc.But I keep coming back to this Fender 351 Medium pick for both my electric and acoustic guitar.The sound it makes is nice and sharp without being too trebly.The Planet Waves picks all seem to be a little muddy-sounding.I've found a winner with these Fender picks and will definitely be ordering more.
I love these picks. They arrived well packaged and NOT loose. They feel great in my hand and the Mediums are the perfect thickness for my playing style. Not too thick/not too thin.The abalone looks cool and is easy to spot when I drop them on the carpet. I have tried other brands (Dunlop, totex, etc) and the fender are by far my favorite.You will not be disappointed!
Ordered these guitar picks for my son. The picks were exactly as described. We ordered the blue color, which is dark blue with a lighter, shiner, blue design on top of it. It is a "heavy duty" grade and it is very sturdy. He is very pleased with these picks. The appearence is pleasing and it is made well - very pleased with the quality. We will be purchasing more picks in the future. Highly recommend!
I bought these picks because I liked the color of the picks.These picks surprised me with how good quality they actually are. I play guitar everyday for around 3-5 hours a day and I have yet to break one of these picks. Very nice quality and very cool color to them. They are also priced very good.Much cheaper buying them here at amazon instead of a quarter a piece at the guitar store. Recommend these picks to anyone that plays guitar. Additionally, they are very fast at shipping them to your door. Three days after ordering them they were sitting on my door step.
These Fender Medium picks are simple basic good picks that just work well. Color and appearance is a personal thing, I think these abalone picks just look cool. The color mix is random (no two picks are exactly the same); some have a bit more blue and reflective colors in them. Overall, the effect is not bad compared to real abalone.Fender makes a nice standard pick. The three weights are pretty easy to figure out (light, medium, and heavy). These mediums work well for playing electric guitar. I have some light red ones that have a lot of flex. Those work well for acoustic. I've used Dunlop with the little bumps for grip, and the Dava rubber coated picks. They are all nice, but sometimes you just want a regular old smooth pick. The gray Dunlop's don't look anywhere near as cool as these.At $3 for a dozen, they're worth a try. It they don't work out for playing, they sure look darn nice (the Fender logo is in gold).Dava 6024 Grip TipDunlop Nylon Standard Picks, Grey .73mm
I wish I could say that they let me play more like Frank Zappa, but only practice can make that happen.These are solid picks, they don't break apart, they're easy to hold, and they work exactly as a pick should work, and at a good price.
These picks far exceed my expectations, I mean how good could a pick be anyway?  These are the classiest, nicest looking picks I own.  They look great, feel great and play great.  Call me a snob, but I wanted these to match my Fender Stratocaster.  Kind of like using a GM part on my 68 Chevelle..If you own a Fender and want to spend just a few bucks for a &#34;feel good&#34; gift to yourself, buy these.I love the color and texture too, they don't slip or move around as you play.
I almost always play finger style without a pick, but on the occasion I need a pick I like these.Easier to strum sounds good to me.If you're doing a lot of picking out individual strings, you'll probably want something thicker, but these make it really easy to strum chords and sound good, plus pick out a few strings here and there.
I bought these as spares (and they look really cool too!). I think everyone has used Fender Mediums at some point; these are no different. Reliable, last a while and more important they're inexpensive!
Perfect, perfect size, weight, shape. I like the medium playing electric because it gives you the best of both worlds.Recommended!
I got the Ocean Turqouise and they are stunning.  $4 for these 12 beautiful, premium quality picks is a steal.
Hey i got this and an "OVATION IDEA" from GO-DPS. I couldnt be happier with these items, especially the "OVATION IDEA" !!!!!!I have to brag on "GO-DPS" some, they are wonderfull dealers; I look forward to buying from GO-DPS again.
To everyone who plays flat-picking guitar, I'm sure you all have your own choice of pick....do you even remember why you picked the style you use!? Somehow, I started out with Fender thins and here I remain!
I used to play with celluloid picks back in the 70's before they came out with Delrin. I like the sound and feel of these picks. They add a nice round sound that works well with jazz, and funk. They are a little expensive, but I think they are worth it if you need the sound and feel of the real thing.I bought the abalone ones because they look cool...***UPDATE***I am still using these picks but they tend to break along the colored lines, and usually during a performance. I have since gone back to Delrin and Nylon.
Love these picks, pretty much the only ones I buy now, nice and flexible,great for picking, great for strumming. Recommend you try them.
I love these picks. Medium is the perfect size for me, as well as the majority of people. This is a great looking pic and you get 12 of them at such a great price. I wouldn't buy anything else.
Everyone here seems to be complaining about the same thing- packageing and shipping. Well i bought all my picks from the music store so im rating the picks only. Ive been playing a few years and own a takamine acoustic and a fender strat. I mostly play my acoustic and use light strings so i dont need a heavy pick. I started using med fender tortose shell celluloid picks and really liked the look but as a beginner i dropped them more. My friend left a thin pick and i tried it. Since i mostly strum on light strings this was nice. The pick had a little more give so i dropped them less. Ive only broken 1 pick and it was cracked when i got it. I started reading all these great reviews how the dunlop tortex was great so i ran down an bought some thins. The tip is a little more rounded. I tried them and they feel alright but the fenders were louder and brighter sounding no doubt about it. So its back to the fenders. Also something i learned is when i play a guitar that has a dark pickguard i use a light colored pick (pearloid) and a red pick for a white pickguard. The contrast helps you see what your doing. These are good picks and you have a good selection of colors instead of the dunlop that are color coded and your stuck with no choice. These are a little more slippery but you will get used to them the more you play. I dont drop em anymore. Personally i dont see any need for a heavy pick unless you play bass. The med is pretty stiff.
I'm a little surprised at this one. Just today I was emailed confirmation that the picks were shipped, and I found them in my mail box the same day. I like fender mediums because I use them on both bass and guitar. Good picks! Clean edges, good feel, good duribility, nice tone.
Originally received the wrong item, but I contacted customer service and they returned my email that night (on a Sunday) and said they would ship out the correct product the next morning.  I received the correct item in one day as well as a postage paid envelope to return the incorrect picks.  Great customer service, and love the pics...the color in the pictures doesn't do it justice!
These pics are perfect for a jazz guitarist, and I actually like the coloration too.  The Ocean Turquoise wasn't nearly as nice a color and I expected a bluish color.  These are about .7mm and that's just right.
PERFECT picks!  very pretty and nice quality!  They are not too stiff nor are they too soft.  I would order these again!
Bought these picks for the impending Strat I'll buy, already have 3 sets of Fender strings, I will be ready!
It's a Fender Heavy so there's not much else to say about that.  Good price and selection here.  Go for it.
I always played with the brown colored 351s growing up, but I love the blue finish on these.  I'd recommend the 351 Fender picks over any others personally but I'm very partial to blue as well, so these are perfect.
I have played guitar for most of 40 years and have used about any type of plectrum made. I have used coins and washers at times.My favorite pick for years was a Fender heavy and then I went for the really heavy brands like Dunlop or Clayton but found they are way too heavy and were eating my tone. I went back to Fenders and then found I like the medium best.Fender makes these in the coolest colors now so I went with them. Price them at a store and you will come back here.These came from GO-DPS which is no big deal as I shop on AMZ enough to know they use secondary sellers a lot of the time.However, I ordered a lot of stuff the day I ordered these and the full exhaust system was in my house 5 days later. These didn't show up so I contacted AMZ which goes back to GO-DPS. it took nearly a month to receive an envelope containing 12 picks. It didn't kill me not to have them - I have a million picks, I just wanted to see these in my hand.That said, I will definitely buy these again in the future and go for the different colors.Great price, great picks.
Great grip.Lasts a good long while.Terrific trippy pearl tones and azures.My all time fave. Hip hip hooray.
I read the reviews for the bad shipping in the box & decided to take a risk since i really wanted to try fender picks & really wanted heavy picks & the shipping definitely improved it comes in a little plastic baggy & has the fender logo on it. but the picks takes a little getting used too there VERY slippery at 1st i thought it was just me but i lended a couple to a few friends and they had the same problem but overtime you develop a better grip on them and can alternate pick, sweep pick, tremelo pick, tap with the pick better. Also my pitch harmonics (better known as squealies) come out clearer to me. Overall the product is not an disappointment & im only using these pick (just in different colors) from now on ^.^
After all the whining I saw about these picks, was a little hesitant but bought them anyway. It doesn't help that Amazon puts "Most popular" posters above "Most recent" so unfortunately the review many of you read no long applies to the product. I got all 12 of my picks in a plastic bag divided in half with 6 picks each. So I got my full order. In addition, I like these picks a lot more than the plastic ones I buy at the local music shop. They feel thicker or more stable or something without being hard. I am very happy and will be reordering when the time comes. These are by far my favorite picks. The feedback is good and they're stiff enough to strike clear tones. A winner to me.
A guitar player can never have enough of these things around. These picks hold up well & that says alot because I am not easy on picks if any kind.
Perfect thickness and action.What else can I say?  You won't be sorry you got these, they are all I'll get from now on.
I have found that sometimes these cheapy ones tend to break fairly easily but these ones have lasted me a very long time.  Hardly any breaks considering I get the thin ones.
I use these with Ernie Ball regular slinkies.  I find that if you stay right in the middle then you can play a very wide variety of styles.  It's also cheaper.
i love abalone.  these picks look really pretty, like seashells and they last pretty well.  the thin picks are pretty thin which make them nice for acoustic strumming and whatnot- but i would recommend mediums at least for the electric guitar.
I received all twelve picks, which came in a small ziploc bag with an attached Fender tag. The color is great. I needed a thin pick for some softer picking on acoustic. These work great, though do not offer as warm a sound as rubber or felt picks. I find them to be the perfect compromise between heavy and rubber. The picks were reasonably priced and shipped via "prime", so I found them to be a great value as someone who only plays casually. Thanks.SPO
These picks are exactly the right thickness and they play well. Look cool to I will buy more when the time comes
Hard to believe that I need to review a Pick but I really like these picks.  I got a half dozen for Christmas and was thrilled.  I also got one of those Pick Punches (Super cool item if you ever get a chance to get one- it is the 351 style and a standard credit card is dang close to the Medium Fender Pick)  Only thing I don't like about these picks is that they seem to wander away on their own so keep an eye on them.
Fender 351 Picks are some of the best picks money can buy.I have used these picks for years now and I just love them.
I needed picks, so I ordered an assortment. I have been trying different ones. I seem to like them all.
I wanted to experiment with a thin pick. I like the action but thinner picks tend to "click" over the strings and I don't care much for that. These are certainly pretty though, and the feel is typical Fender celluloid, smooth and a little slippery. Might be hard to hold with sweaty fingers. Celluloid is highly flammable, so be aware of that if you smoke (I don't).
I&#8217;m not sure exactly how to rate these picks except to say they&#8217;re what they are. Guitar picks. However, the price was good.
classic fender heavy picks.  i love the fender heavy pick and now my picks,knobs and inlays are all shiny abalone
