I've been buying gear from Alto Music since 1980. I've trusted them with my guitars, and they've helped me make the right decisions for my needs and budget. Last year, I bought a set of Fender Custom Shop Texas Specials directly from Alto's web site. Over the past year, I received a bunch of Amazon gift certificates and wanted to get myself a Shure SM7b. When I saw that I could get the mic from Alto Music, it was a no brainer. I was purchasing from my local music store through Amazon. As for the mic, it's an SM7b, and it's everything I was looking for, despite it being a low output mic. It's smooth, has a sexy low end color, has no harshness, brittleness, or high frequency unpleasantness that can occur with some condensers. I'm recording in an untreated basement, and this mic is perfect for when I'm singing loud rock stuff; it only picks up what's right in front of it and none of the room. I'm using a Focusrite 2i2, which is great for loud singing, but I'm picking up a Cloudlifter for some more clean quiet gain to use this mic on acoustic guitars and softer vocals as well. For me the mic has been all it's cracked up to be.
I use my Shure SM7B mainly for podcasting and voice work and it performs extremely well in those applications.  I also use aHeil PR-40 Dynamic Studio Recording Microphoneand you can check out that link for my review on that item. Both microphones are dynamic microphones and both give my voice a very warm, natural feel.One thing, well actually two things, the Shure SM7B has that the Heil PR40 does not is a set of two switches.  One for bass rolloff and one for mid-range emphasis / presence boost.  While both of these switches can be useful, I prefer to keep the mic flat and let any outboard processing / EQ handle adjustments that need to be done.  If you don't have outboard processing, both of these could be helpful to you as the bass rolloff really does help keep low frequency noises (for example, someone bumping the table) to a minimum and the presence boost does help certain voice ranges cut through the mix a bit better.When I reviewed the Heil PR-40 I said that it was the best bang for the buck out there and the Shure SM7B may be changing my mind a bit.  While the PR40 is about $70.00 cheaper than the SM7B here on Amazon at the time of this review considerations must be made to the fact that most PR-40 users will want to use a shockmount (about $100) and pop filter / windscreen ($15 - $60) to get the best results out of the microphone.  With the SM7B the shockmount is built into the microphone and does a surprisingly good job and Shure includes two different foam windscreens (one for normal use and one for ultra-close up use) with the microphone.  So the bottom line is the Shure SM7B with all the accessories is probably going to be less than the Heil.Another thing worth mentioning is that like the Heil PR-40 the Shure SM7B is built like a tank.  It is a heavy microphone and in my opinion just looks very cool whether it is mounted on a boom or on a desk stand.  Both microphones perform about the same as far as rejecting any off-axis sounds and both are excellent microphones for voice and podcasting applications.The SM7B takes a little more to drive it than the Heil PR-40, so you'll want to make sure that you have a decent mixer / pre-amp that can handle the microphone.The bottom line is the Shure SM7B is a very high quality microphone and I would highly recommend it.  If you're comparing it to the Heil PR-40 most likely the thing that will make the difference to you will be the aesthetic differences and the price because the performance of these two is very, very close.
You are looking at what I consider to be the best friend a voice ever had.  During a 40 year broadcast and voiceover career I have used (or been forced to use) every other large diaphragm studio mic on the planet along with the Shure SM7B and it's predecessors the SM7 and SM5.Large diaphragm dynamics have some notable advantages over condenser microphones for voiceover work and solo vocalists in multi-track studio work.  I've used over the years the Sennheiser MD421, EV RE20, EV RE27N/D, Shure SM7B, Shure SM7, Shure SM5 and most recently tried a Heil PR-40.  Sometimes this was not of my own selection, but I just used what was available.  Of the lot the Shure SM7B is my favorite of the ones still available.  The SM7B is a better shielded SM7 and the SM7B of today has a better shock mount than the old SM7 or earlier SM7B.  The shielding in the B model minimizes RFI from computer monitors, florescent lighting, radio transmitter proximity, etc.  The SM7 was a redesign of the SM5.  I consider the SM5 to have been the very best vocal dynamic microphone ever created but it hasn't been in production in ages.  I have used a few ribbon microphones that were also pretty good such as the RCA 77DX and RCA 44 but they were not as good as the SM5 or SM7 or SM7B.Today's SM7B is the best non-condenser vocal microphone still in production.  Stop looking and buy one.  You will not find a better microphone for voice work whether singing or spoken word.  It has a very controllable proximity effect, something that is missing from the EV's.  I can play a SM7B like a violin, the others I just don't seem to have nearly as much proximity effect to toy with for dramatic impact.Everything that is good about condensers for voice work is in an SM7B while everything that is bad about condensers for voice work isn't.DJ's change jobs a lot and I got tired of finding the EV RE20 & RE27N/D mics or the Sennheiser everywhere I went, so I bought my own SM7B.  I never liked the EV's or Sennheiser much and didn't ever feel like they were much of a tool.  The Heil PR-40 is pretty good but doesn't have any on-board EQ options.  For recording not having the EQ is probably no big deal as you can tweak it in post production but for live radio you can't do much of that.The SM7B is a tool for skilled vocal talent, so if you are trying to make a novice sound good you might do better with an RE27N/D but for someone who actually knows how to really work a microphone over then the SM7B is only dynamic large diaphragm mic I know of that can deliver everything a real voice artist has to give.  The reason is that this microphone is designed for one thing, voice work.  The others are more versatile, but the SM7B is "THE VOICE" microphone and that was all it was intended to be. It has however found secondary duty as a bass cab microphone and it is pretty good at recording some very loud and boomy sound effects, but it is primarily a vocal microphone.Of all the instruments that have ever been recorded or broadcast, the human voice is the most complex and difficult to capture reliably.  That is one reason vocals sound good on a $4,000 tube condenser microphone, since it can capture all the complexity, inflection and multi-frequency overtones of the human voice.  Unfortunately even these very best condensers also pick up lots of things you didn't intend and also have at least a trace of self generated noise.  If you are doing a dry voiceover you can't hide the hiss of a condenser under something else.  With the SM7B you don't have to.Even for singing this microphone is sort of a secret weapon that kids calling themselves "Recording Engineers" today are usually totally ignorant about.  They figure anything short of a multi-thousand dollar tube condenser microphone is inferior for studio vocals and this microphone proves them wrong.If you want a good all around microphone, this is NOT it.  If you want the best dynamic vocal microphone, here it is.  As others have mentioned the output needs a decent preamp but works with all the pro studio gear I've ever connected to it.  I think if you have some cheap USB interface then you will want to put another preamp in front of it and that will make it far more usable for recording whispers.  Most real studio preamps are a good match for it. I've plugged it into some real junky mixers and had it work too.  You need at least 60 dB of gain, the spec sheet actually says 59.  70 dB would be better. Lots is made of the "LOW OUTPUT" of -59 dB but it isn't all that much less than the Shure SM58 which is -54.5 dB! -4.5 dB isn't much at all for any decent mic preamp.  But again most of the "one-box-solution" USB interfaces with built-in mic preamps is probably going to need some help as they were designed with the hotter output of a condenser in mind.The Shure SM7B comes with the built in shock mount in the stand mounting and yoke attachments.  Every other large diaphragm dynamic has a shock mount made for it but it costs extra.  They all need an external windscreen but only the SM7B comes with one! I got mine 10 years ago when it still came with two windscreens.  It has a nice metal case for storage/travel.  I think now they just come with one windscreen which is the bigger one Shure calls the A7WS but still come in the metal case.  I use the smaller windscreen mostly and Shure calls them the RK345 and their distributors still carry them. The smaller windscreen makes the microphone more open and airy for me and I'd suggest getting one of the RK345's, but that is the only accessory you'll need to add.  The windscreens are held on by some little Velcro tabs but easily interchanged.  They are also very durable for foam screens.On the back end of the tube is a round plate you remove with a hex key and under the plate are multiple EQ adjustments for Flat/Bass Rolloff/Presence Boost settings that you can fiddle with to get the sound you like best. You can just leave the plate off if you want. This is easily the most EQ flexibility of any large diaphragm dynamic.So I'm just adding my two cents worth here and joining the others who pretty much all agree this thing rules for voice work.  I should have written this review earlier but wanted to try the new Heil PR-40 first to make sure I was still an SM7B guy and it took a while for the Heil tryout to happen since I didn't want to actually buy one.  I still am an SM7B guy.  I would give it 4.5 stars but it won't let me do that, since there is nothing better right now in the class I rounded it up to 5 stars, but the SM5 was actually a bit closer to a 5 star vocal mic.
So I am a big fan of the SM57 Microphone as a vocal mic due to its ease of recording and good sound quality.I have a bunch of the Large Style Condenser Microphones (Rode NT1-A, AT2020, SP C-1) and they are clear, but so sensitive that it's difficult to get a solid performance and mix without them either clipping or picking up everything in the room. So if you're like me andlike to let go a bit when you sing, you should try a Dynamic Mic for the wide range and forgiveness they can giveyou when you belt a little.I did an A / B test against the SM7B I just bought and the SM57 (I love) for vocals - with the exact same processing chain, cable, settings, etc. and just switched the mics out. I sung the same passage as well, and I have to say - the SM57 sounds muddy in comparison to the SM7B. If I didn't have this new microphone I would still like the SM57, but the Genni is out of the bottle now... so not going back. The SM7B is clear and sounds sweet in comparison and still handles the vocal sound dynamics very well.DYNAMIC SINGERS ( Rock, Jazz, GOSPEL, OPERA )= If you have the budget get this SM7B and if you don't, buy the SM57 until you do have the budget.QUIET SINGERS (ACOUSTIC , FOLK ) = If you sing softly all of the time you really don't need one of these dynamic mics, and would be better off with the standard Large Condenser mics as listed above. Of those type, I like the Studio Projects C-1 Best I think, but they are close.
I can't do more than underscore the endorsement of this mic by the previous reviewer (FOX).  If you haven't started in the mic-collecting business, trying every trendy dynamic and condenser mic in the hundred dollar range and below, you might actually save some bucks by cutting directly to the chase and going for this one.  I've always wondered why I can't reproduce the sounds of our local NPR outlet, and I finally realize it's because they have the Shure SM7B and I don't.It enhances the voice with depth and richness and filters out the pops and unwanted percussives (face it, those separate pop filters are cumbersome to use).  It's very directional and "selective" (rejecting room ambience and background noise), so it's perhaps not the ideal mic for all applications.  But for announcing, broadcasting, vocal performance and vocal recording, I don't see how anything could possibly equal let alone surpass it.
What you need to know about this mic:1) This mic is very directional. You must keep your mouth in the sweet spot at all times for best results. Pulling back an inch gets into tinny muddy territory, and an inch too close makes for a strong proximity effect. I found that a palm's width from the tip of the mic works best. As long as I keep my mouth there, the results are predictable and good regardless of the room I'm in. Also if the mic is aimed too low on your face (like at the lower lip or chin) you'll sound like you have a stuffy nose. Aimed too high (like at the bridge of the nose) sounds sneering and nasal. Right at the upper lip works well for me.2) The bass cut and presence boost are convenient. Use a plastic thing like a guitar pick to switch them, as metal will scratch it. I've played around with the switches and in the end both set to flat was best. Initially I thought the presence boost was a good idea, but in a mix it made my vocals too honky in the upper mids. Flat's where it's at. Flat sounds most natural.3) Being a dynamic, it won't sound as open and airy as a condenser might. Though it takes EQ well, and you can EQ that in. If you remove the foam and use a pop filter, you do get more highs, but after working with that for a while I realized it doesn't always sound right, seems to unbalance the highs above 5k toward sibilance a little too much, but it might work for you. After using it for a few years, I learned that starting with a bad mix that is too bright or blaring and then adding in the SM7B on vocals causes the mic to appear dull and muffled, but really it's the mix that's the problem. Whereas if I start with the vocal sound and make it clear and natural, and build the mix around it, the mix turns out to have a natural sound that's not too bright or dull either.4) Yes, it rejects room sounds more than a condenser, but not gobsmacked amazingly so. It rejects what's behind and to the side, but in front it's pretty sensitive. So if you're singing with an echoey room behind you, it will pick that up. So don't think this will make you sound like you're in a dead control room, unless you actually are in one. Hang some blankets or acoustic foam behind you and you're set. Being that it records about twice as dry as a condenser, it takes reverb pretty well in a mix, meaning you can add reverb and delay without having your vocals drop too far away and undefined in the mix.5) So what does it sound like? The sound is *very* natural and true to my voice. It truly is a vocal mic first and foremost. That plus the dry/up-close characteristic are this mic's top selling points. It works fantastically on death metal growls and clean singing atop sparse/acoustic/clean backgrounds. It does have slight color in the mids; I agree with the frequency response chart indicating it has a slight scoop 400-900Hz, slight boost 1000-2000Hz, but it's still natural sounding despite that. The color is tailored to the voice: reduce the honky boxy mids, accentuate the main vocal intelligibility range. That's one reason why this mic is considered "flattering" on vocals. It still has body though, definitely not a thin sounding mic.6) This thing is heavy and rugged. The capsule is surrounded by this truncated cone-like metal screen enclosed on all sides. The screen is like the kind you see behind microwave oven doors. What I like about this mic is that I can throw it inside a bubble mailer or wrap it in a scarf for storage and not have to worry about crushing or damaging it, and it doesn't need a big case like some condensers and especially tube mics do. So it's actually compact in practice and quick to set up with one of those detachable mic adapter mounts. Even without the adapter, it has a convenient free rotating collar to screw it onto a mount/stand so that you can hold the mic in place while screwing it down.7) This mic needs 50 dB gain for loud singing, 55-60dB for quiet singing, 65-70dB for whispering. Make sure your preamp is designed for at least 60dB of clean gain. Some cheaper USB interfaces only go up to 35dB. If your interface lacks the juice, no worries, get yourself a CloudLifter and it'll add 25dB of nice clean gain and it's phantom powered too.Overall, I would prefer a condenser in a good room since it allows me to move a little more without coloring the sound, and because it has a more openness and air compared to this one. But since my room isn't perfect, this will do. The biggest pros are that it's natural sounding and that even with reverb and delay it stands out in a mix. It's especially good on spoken voice, as it was designed for, since unlike a condenser the SM7B does a very good job of not picking up as many mouth clicks, mouth noises, and background hissing.In the end, if I had to get rid of all my mics and keep only one for vocals for the rest of my life, it would be the SM7B. Mainly because I know I can conveniently use it anywhere, anytime, and get reliable good results.EDIT 2014:  Forgot to say, when you listen to mic shoot-outs on the net, often times the tip of the SM7B will be positioned the same distance as the condenser. This is a problem because the SM7B's diaphragm is actually back a few inches. So the condensers will be closer to the talent (or lack of talent) than the SM7B in such cases, causing the latter to sound more duck-ish, honky, un-detailed, or thin due solely to distance factors, and is thus not characteristic of the intrinsic mic color. In shoot-outs where the proper distance was used, you'd be surprised how much the SM7B sounds like a good condenser. It really does. Of course it may be missing air (or conversely, be less prone to sibilance) but as I said below you can *easily* EQ that in, since this mic takes EQ very well. Seriously, a 2dB shelf in the highs. Another thing I wanted to add, is that the gentle bump in the 1k to 2k region (for vocal definition) that his mic has, can sound slightly honky or strident or blaring depending on some sources, but again you can EQ that down a bit. And finally, when Shure says this mic has a flat response, that's not true, it has color and the frequency response charts show it. Yet, the color gives it a larger than life natural sound on voice, so it sounds natural even though it's not completely transparent and honest.
