I've got a couple of these and for the most part I'm very satisfied. On the Mandy, absolutely no problems. On guitars it sometimes doesn't register on the low E. Usually, moving around helps.
I love thes, I keep buying them for every instrument I have, so I am never with out it...
I already owned two of these Tuners previously & purchased these for friends. They are great for jamming with friends & are so user friendly & accurate. What is really impressive is that they can stay attached to the headstock of my guitar whileplaying making touch up tuning a breeze. I love mine & so do my friends. In my opinion for the price they are hard to beat.
I have two of them.  One in the guitar case holding my Martin HD28 and the other in the case of my Blueridge flattop.  Just clip it on about the nut and tune away.  Pickers playing next to me don't interfere with me tuning.Works great!
I have owned just about every tuner made.  They all had pluses and minuses.  I like this one a lot.  It is my tuner of choice right now.  The backlit screen is great and the tuner is accurate.  It is also small, which I appreciate.  For this price ($15) you simply can't go wrong.
This neat little tuner has it all.  It is cheap to buy at Amazon but delivers outstanding results on tuning.  Unlike some of my tuners, this one picks up all the notes easily and gives a smooth and accurate reading.  I love the way it folds flat so I can get my instruments in the case with it still clamped on.  I keep one on my guitar and another on my fiddle at all times.  There is no more forgetting my tuner or misplacing it somewhere and losing it.  It's a must have.  It was only about $15 at Amazon and worth many times that amount.
This thing is a little jewel. I have a jazz guitarr&oacute;n, i.e., a modified Mexican Mariachi guitarr&oacute;n that is custom strung down to the third E below middle C, which is E1 at 41.2 Hz. This little tuner does the job. It works clipped onto the head, and on the bridge also, but a guitarr&oacute;n bridge is a bit wide for it, so clipped directly onto the lower edge of the sound hole, i.e., near the the most treble-sounding string. There it works perfectly and consistently even on that lowest E and it's entirely out of the way since my right hand is coming at the strings from near the bass-most string.Bold_strummer mentions that it buzzed on his classical guitar, and initially I found the same problem, BUT it turned out NOT to be the tuner's fault, but mine. After tuning, I had gotten into the habit of turning it face down against the wood of my instrument. When I did that it made just enough contact with the surface of my instrument to create a buzz. It took me two weeks to figure out what was making the buzz since the noise was coming directly out of the sound hole even though I had the tuner clipped to the head at the time. When I realized it was the turner, all I had to do was NOT turn it down against the instrument when I wasn't using it. Ever since then, no buzz. Brilliant, huh?  c|:-?Another reviewer's idea about getting two of these so as to keep a spare packed in your gig bag is a great one. At this price, why not? This is a great little item.
This tuner has a bright backlight , a padded clip,it rotates, pivots, does flats, and  calibration from 440Hz to 438Hz. Simple to use. Runs on one CR 2032 pancake battery(included). What's not to like. 5 stars all the way. I have 4 others in different cases and one on my work bench. They have been very dependable and easy on batteries. This one goes in a case for a tele copy, that I just finished.Additional Edit. 03/20/2013-This particular unit does not respond a quickly as other identical tuners that I have. I is accurate, just doesn't respond to the string a fast. I still give it 5 stars
This little tuner is very precise. It's fast, and easy to use. I got two of them. It works better than the ones with a built-in mic that capture other sounds and make it difficult to tune your instrument. Works for guitar, bass, violin, or any string instrument.
The Intelli IMT-500--The tuner that killed the Intellitouch!There are scores of chromatic tuners on the market.  Most work by using a small built-in microphone that picks up sound waves.  In order to be used effectively, the tuning space must be relatively quiet.  Many of these tuners have input jacks that allow electric guitars to be connected directly and tuned by the electronic signal they produce. A bunch of years ago a variety of clip-on-microphones began to be marketed.  The microphone could be clipped to any instrument and its cord attach to an electronic tuner.  Now, anyone could tune an instrument no matter what the background noise.Then, the Intellitouch tuner hit the market.  The entire tuner clipped onto the instrument.  One could tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment.  There was no cord to deal with and the instrument could stay clipped to the headstock or quickly removed and slid into a pocket or case.  Talk about convenience.  Jams and festivals (bluegrass, folk, whatever) became seas of Intellitouch tuners.Intellitouch owned the market even though there were so many situations where they did not work well. In particular, they have trouble with the bass notes of dreadnought sized guitars. The more overtones an instrument produces, the worse the tuner behaves. The bass string of a Martin rosewood dreadnought was near impossible to tune without using one of the many workarounds that owners developed.  So, it was very much a love-hate relationship.  The shortcomings were huge, but the convenience meant that they were tolerated.Then, came the Intelli.  It was an Intellitouch that worked, if not perfectly, then a whole lot better.  The amazing thing is that the switch from Intellitouch to Intelli wasn't gradual.  Within six months of its introduction, jams and festivals became seas of Intelli tuners.  People were throwing their Intellitouches into drawers (if they weren't lucky enough to find a die hard holdout willing to buy one second-hand) to get the Intelli.  That's a considerable investment to abandon.  But, why not?  The Intelli is half the price of the Intellitouch and works a whole lot better.  They are so inexpensive that it's easy to justify getting one for the practice area and one for the case so that you don't have to worry about forgetting to pack it.Anyone who will ever have to tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment will quickly find this tuner indispensable.  And it works darn well in a quiet environment, too!Highly recommended!
I only have used this tuner on classical guitars (the ones with nylon strings).  I teach classical guitar and have had the opportunity to use it on many different classical guitars of varying quality.  It has tuned them all very well.  A great advantage I've found using this tuner (Tune Tech TT500) verses tuners which use a microphone, is that I can now talk with my students while tuning and no longer have to ask them to please be quiet while I tune their guitars.  Kids especially like to talk and now I can fully engage in conversation with them while tuning their guitars.  The only problem I've noticed, and thus only 4 stars, is that I usually have to begin tuning with any string other than the low E string.  For some reason, the tuner seems to have trouble sensing the low E vibrations and the needle will not move.  This problem has always resolved itself when I tune another string and then tune the low E.PROS:1.  Pitch is registered quickly with minimal needle fluctuations2.  Ambient noise does not disturb tuning sensor3.  Small and compact4.  Swivel head for ease of viewing the screen.5.  The screen is very bright and is also easily seen in direct sunlight.6.  Rubber feet on clamp will not scratch guitar7.  Clamp is strong and will open wide but easy to squeeze open with fingers.8.  Being a chromatic tuner means you are not stuck just tuning EADGBE.  It's tuning range is 12 note. A2 - B7.9.  Will automatically turn itself off after 3 minutes of non-use.CONS:1.  Delay on tuning low E string2.  Buttons rattle while tuning 2nd string, B.3.  Plastic on screen scratches easilyI don't yet know how long the button battery will last or how much battery replacements cost.  I will update this review when I have that information.  But for now, I am very pleased with this tuner.  I have owned many electronic tuners and this one so far beats them all.  I have also used it to tune my guitarlele and it tunes it darn near perfectly!  Great chromatic tuner at a great price - I love it!
I'm taking my KORG CA-30, which has no backlight, slow reset time, and a ridiculous "stand" feature - put a business card in the slot in the back, and try to find a level surface for it to stand upon - and putting it in my sock drawer with my decades old guitar pitch pipe. Also going in there is my Intellitouch tuner, which drives me nuts with the arrows and does not fit securely on my fiddle.For my fiddle, mandolin and guitar, I'll use my just received Intelli IMT-500 which is very compact (great for fiddle/mando cases), which has an outstanding backlight, superb accuracy and quick resetting.The Intelli, in its own manufacturers box (which has no shock-absorbing material),was placed in a larger shipping box by the distributor/seller "The Instrument Store", without any shock-absorbing material, leaving the Intelli, a very sensitive electronic metering device,subject to vibration and shock during the long trip down the east coast.It would be good for Amazon to teach sellers the basics of proper packing for shipping.It's not rocket science.
This is the second tuner I have bought like this. I got it because I need a second tuner. They are very good tuners and I highly recomend any tuners this company makes.
... but not great either. The "needle" never seemed to stay still long enough to isolate the pitch. It also appears that the tuner wasn't reliable on the pitch end either. Recently ordered the red SNARK tuner here on Amazon, and I think it's much better- the Intelli does have the fact that it folds down snug against my guitar going for it- the snark is a little more bulky.Ultimately, the most important thing for me when it comes to tuners is accurate pitch, and readability- Snark wins out... this tuner works for sure, but I don't think it's the best out there.The Snark is cheaper too!
i recently bought this one for myself but i gave it to my praise team leader. when he do turning his accoustic guitar while other players make sound, he always pull cable to connect the guitar and tunner. so i gave this to him to save some time. first he doubt that it would work just like other tunner, after he tried he was very pleased with the accuracy and convinience that he can tune his accoustic guitar while other players are playing. now it's time to treat myself with this gift, so i don't have to do what my leader did during band practice. i also want to mention that this product was made in korea not china~~! it's very rare thing to see now a days.
I use this all the time for acoustic guitar/banjo/mandolin, as well as an autoharp and my daughter's fiddle. I'll be getting another one soon for her to keep in her fiddle case (wanted to teach her the basics of tuning by ear first or from another instrument like a piano or keyboard). This works well at a noisy jam and rarely gets confused. For my acoustic guitars it lets me easily tune to open G even if it's too noisy for me to hear it but it almost always stays in my mandolin case and gets used often for banjo as well. I've used it to tune my girlfriends autoharp and although the clip is stretched pretty wide it still does the job.Nobody really gets excited about tuners, but I've been playing a long time and nothing like this was around that I know of when I started out. If you wanted to tune and didn't have a 1/4" input, good luck.
