When I bought this pedal I was thinking a heavy distortion. But when I got it and played with it I figured out it was alot different that advertised. It is a acdc, Steve Vaughn kind of pedal. It's got an attitude but it soft at the same time. It's truly a one of a kind product. I would recommend this if you are looking for just a basic distortion pedal. Make a note it is not a metal pedal. Not by any means actually. But for what it is it is fantastic.
Cool pedal on a clean amp. I ran it into my dual gain amp and it just muddied the sound up. I am buying an old twin head that I want to try this on for a little vintage grit. I think it will work great for that.
I usually stickup to the OverDrive pedals, asking tons of sound from tubes and extra overdrives. Still, I needed a Distortion that could cover of the Marshall sound-like roar JCM-800... and this guy did the job! It's not a Riot, but... pretty much defends its self from the old 70-80s songs. Love it!
Like the name implies some very cool sounding 70's distortions, not overbearing so your pickups and amp tone still stay in their, I like the mod switch in the top left corner, sounds good with my compressor infront (MXR).  so ez to use and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and to last
Great overdrive/distortion for classic rock music.  Good volume roll off tones , at full bore it sounds like VH, and some other 80s rock dudes. It's quiet and has a very active tone control. The crunch switch adds a touch of high end harmonic , not too much but just enough. MXR has come around to making pedals that do what they say they will do. I now own  a Script Phase 90, and a Micro Chorus as well and plan on getting others. I'm a classic rock player these pedals have a classic 60s + vibe.
I bought this pedal wanting classic distortion and find it more useful as an overdrive pedal. The distortion range does not get as hot as a RAT or MXR classic distortion but it sounds great with a telecaster and tube amp. I use it with a cigar box guitar also for fun and the tone ranges from 60's and 70's distortion to 80's metal. I get a more extreme distortion from my old hissing Boss Mega Distion as an example.I like that the pedal has a wide array of uses. The build quality seems questionable from MXR. As others have posted, the box is very light and the knobs seem thinner than other MXR's, espeacially the older ones, but this pedal seems solid and makes no noise.The price and demo videos were the primary reason I bought this pedal and I am happy with it. I have many distortion pedals and each one is useful in their own way. I would steer clear of this if you are looking for a pedal for metal and definately buy it if you are into classic rock, twang, and blues.
Well... it's not really too expensive, but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it.  Even the crunch button is just a louder sound?  Not a very good value unless you try it out first and this is exactly the sound you're looking for.  Guess that's why it's so cheap.
If you are looking to spend not too much on a distortion pedal, in my opinion this is the one to get. There are a few more different models and brands that are good. But, i could use this pedal no matter what style of music i'm playing and not feel like i have to sell it if i start a new project.
Wanted to review this pedal because I felt some of the other reviews were a little lukewarm.  Distortion is incredibly subjective-it depends on your rig and your tastes. But the Badass '78 by MXR is a very nice pedal for a decent price.  It doesn't do metal or super high-gain, but offers some nice classic rock tones and can be quite warm if you back off on the tone knob. The crunch button adds brightness and volume and may or may not be too harsh for your setup.  However, the tone knob does do a pretty good job of rolling back the high end, especially if you activate the "crunch" button.The build quality seems to be pretty good, though I should note that while the pedal is the same size as other MXR pedals, it is significantly lighter.  I suppose this could make it more susceptible to denting and damage if it travels, but it should be plenty durable for 95% of users.  I really like the switch on this one too, it's easy to press and clearly clicks "on" once depressed.  One minor annoyance if you use the "crunch" setting is that the blue light (which is annoyingly bright like an LED headlight) stays on EVEN when the pedal itself is off.  This can be quite distracting if you rely on the lights on your pedal board to tell you which effects are on.  Not really a major gripe that detracts from the pedal's quality, but a frustrating design decision.Basically, if you get the right setup, you'll get great tone.  I got this pedal specifically to try and find a better alternative to the BOSS DS-1, which lacks mids and can sound harsh/abrasive.  The MXR '78 Badass is definitely superior in that regard, but a lot will depend on your rig and settings.  I find that this pedal really excels on playing single notes on the lower strings (think "Walk this Way" by Aerosmith, or "Hangingaround" intro by Counting Crows).  And if you pair it with a fat tubescreamer or other overdrive pedal, you could probably thicken it up a bit for higher solos.  Great pedal!
