I purchased this for my pedalboard a few years ago, and have always loved it. I only use 3-4 pedals, and this is always one of them. It sounds great, is indestructable, and takes up almost no space. The controls are great, and you can get a large variety of sounds. I have played "boutique" chorus pedals, and the Boss is loads better in every way. You will not regret this purchase.Pros:-easy to use-no hum-small-sonds awesome-indestructabecons:-NONEIf you want an awesome chorus that has been around forever, will last forever, and sounds incredible, get this.
I bought this little pedal back in 1996, about a year after I got my first guitar.  I've tried other pedals, but ultimately, this one gives me the best sound.  It's very versatile and it's really easy to dial in just about any sound I want.  You might get a more dramatic effect from expensive rack units, but for cost and practicality, this pedal is your best bet!
Very very good product! I have no complains about it.  Definitely a great buy and a Must have in your pedalboard.
First, let me start by saying this pedal has been part of my setup for nearly 7 years now and still looks/sounds as great as the day it came out of the box.Its a Boss product, which means you are going to pay for what you get.  You get the best bang for your buck with Boss products.  Solid, rugged construction that is built to last (no chance of breaking one of these things) and an outstanding analog stomp box with a genuine sound.  Good customer support as well and if you ever feel you need to sale your Boss pedal, resale prices are always good.While this pedal is capable of hundreds of tones and sounds (chorus is one of the most useful and versatile effects in my opinion)  Here are some of the best uses I have found.1. Tweak the pedal just to thicken your sound and give that 2 guitar effect.  Perfect if you want to fatten up that really heavy chorus in a song and make it sound really full.2. Dime out the speed and depth for those crazy out of this world Korn type effects.  This is a really handy pedal for imitating tones of other bands because it can do so much.  There are a lot of bands tones I can come close to exactly matching, tones that took them 2 or 3 pedals to achieve.3.  Liquify your sound and give a beautiful tone to cleans and leads.  This pedal will help simple parts that would normally go unoticed stand out.  If you play any kind of Christian music you will soon learn it doesn't matter what you do as long as you put chorus on it.  Walking in on Sunday morning and turn out some Slayer while using a chorus pedal and they will go nuts.  Chorus is just one of those effects no matter what type of music you are playing, you will always find a use for it, so there is no excuse for not adding this pedal to your rig.In addition you have some great features, easy access battery compartment, accepts a 9v power supply, works well with both guitar and bass, 2 out puts so you can run to 2 sources if desired, and all the controls you need to really be in complete control.  You HAVE to get this pedal!
Sweet chorus, I have the CE5, the CE20, a CE3 and this one. This chorus is my favorite, it sounds just right, the analog CE3 is awesome but too weak, Boss should include a level knob instead of a stereo control, anyway this one is a keeper!
OK... I am a pro musician & rely on gear that will stand the tests of the road. I was using an old Ibenez Chorus Pedal (one of the first to hit the market) of which I did not use much basically due to it's used for certain songs. I upgraded from using 2 separate pedal boards to a single unit & decided to buy the Boss CH-1 Super Chorus to add to the collection. After my first gig I removed the Ibenez Chorus Pedal because of the tonal superiority of the Boss unit. I am certain there are units that may boast of being better but, I have found through my 40+ years of playing that more money is not always better.Great tones! Easy operation! And it is the best bet for the money!
