I purchased the plastic and it worked fine but the notes were not as distinguished as the TUSQ. I did have to sand to make it fit. That may sound badm but I am glad because it's better than too small. I did not purchase this from amazon but sweetwater in case you were wondering.
Replaced the plastic saddle in my Yamaha F335BL. Had to file it to make it thinner, and filed it down to make it shorter than the old saddle, this made the action a bit lower and made it easier to play for a beginner. It did change the sound of the guitar, it sounds fuller, and the sustain is longer.
The compensation built into this saddle makes another hit with GraphTech TUSQ products for me.  They have done the hard work, just needed some personal fine adjustments and good to go.  Good sound quality for not being bone.
I selected this to replace the cheap plastic Saddle that came on my Fender acoustic. This was a tremendous upgrade and made a difference in the tone and 'brightness' of the sound. This was easy to install and comes with easy to understand instructions.
TUSQ saddles and nuts are the best synthetic out there. All my stringed instruments have been fitted with TUSQ parts.
I installed this saddle in my Silvertone SD10.  If you have a lower end guitar, this will make a huge difference.  I had to sand it down some in all directions.  I did the length first, then thickness and finally the height.  I used 220 grit sandpaper. The directions are in the package.
This is a great product, just not for me. I found it brightened my tone way too much and I went back to plastic. Gave my guitar a bad metallic sound, and I lost bottom end.
A little patients sanding the saddle to fit my 1973 vintage Guild (better fit than the plastic original that it replaced!) and the sound expanded beyond my expectations! I also replaced the bridge pins with Tusq made ones and the nut was already made from bone.
What can you say about GraphTech that isn't good for a product is a awesome and improves the sound playing of older and newer guitars with plastic saddles. GraphTech works. Make sure you know which style you guitar takes and buy it and for the price I payed I got ten pieces! Wow! Awesome.
The GraphTech PQ-9280-C0 TUSQ Fully Compensated Acoustic Guitar Saddle will replace any broken or worn saddle to give you a very food sound that may require just a little sanding to make it fit perfect for your guitar.
Having recently purchased an Epiphone EL-00 I went about changint the bridge pins and bridge itself from the installed plastic units to Graph Tech's Tusq material. It is hard to emphasize just how much they have improved the tone of what was a very good instrument to begine with. The top resonates with a greater sustain due to the vibrational transfer of the Tusq bridge and pins, the note to note defination went from very good to exceptional. This was one of the best modifications I have made to an instrument in many years of tweaking my instruments. I have a nut on the way to complete the upgrade...I can barely wait. I highly recommend this product it will give your instrument a new voice.
i have a tired 16 year old lefty acoustic guitar that needed some love.  i decided to replace the saddle with this one.. and it required some dremeling/sanding to get it to sit correctly.  it was easy to do - and now my guitar has no buzzing on any of the frets and it sounds great with new strings.  it also brightened up the saddle/bridge because my old saddle was turning yellow and not too nice looking.  this one is an ivory-ish color and it is really nice.
Installed this on an old Aria dreadnough I found in a dumpster.Cleaned it up,buffed the finish out,tweaked the truss rod a bit and installed this saddle with new Dunlop .012's and this is one of my prize acoustic's now.Thanx GraphTech!
