Replaced my beloved Small clone chorus with this pedal and I'm glad I did. This is one lush pedal and it's all analog. This pedal also sounds great with gain.
I tried this in front, in the middle, and at the end of an effects chain, as well as by itself, plugged into the effects loop of my Mesa Boogie Mark V amplifier.  Whenever it is in the path, as soon as I engage my effects loop, the signal level drops considerably.  It did not matter whether the pedal was on or not.  The chorus effect is good, but I don't want my volume to drop every time I turn on my effects loop.  I have the loop balanced with all of the other pedals that I use, so I can't raise the send any more.
This is a great effect! Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products have always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This Analog Chorus pedal is very sensitive and delivers as it should. It's great to add low and high end cut to make it even more versatile. It is also very small and will not take a lot of space in your board. I actually believe this pedal will exceed all your expectations. You will not be dissappointed at all. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
This pedal has a great range of function (with variable width and depth) along with an independent level control, and tone controls for low and high frequency cutoffs. It also has a dry through output.It can go from low depth high speed shimmers, to high depth, low speed oscillations, to ridiculous warble.The pedal is light weight, very high quality, durable, quite good looking, and all around a good pedal to play around with.Cons: The blue led, like many blue leds, is VERY bright; I usually cover them up with a sticker so I can see the setting on the pedal.It can also be easy to accidentally touch the pedal casing with the positive barrel of when plugging in (this can frighteningly spark). So make sure to plug in the power adapted into the pedal before plugging in the wall.
I had sworn off Chorus pedals years ago, the sounded so sterile and digital the sucked the tone out your guitar and amp and made everything sound the same. Not with the MXR Analog Chorus, very musical and transparent, I like the presets recommended in the instruction manual. the stereo out is very cool for using two amps . and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and will last forever. By the way this is the exact same pedal as the Zak Wylde chorus pedal with out all the cheese paint job , not all of us are metal heads
To start off with the unit is all metal construction and built like a tank, it is very easy to set up and use the controls are self-explanatory.You can get a wide variety of coarse effects from this unit from the very subtle to the crazy overdriven David Gilmour sound.One distinct feature this pedal has that sets it apart from the rest is you can actually use base and trouble cut off controls to tailor the sound to make it sound less tinny  and more full.Overall for the money this is a fantastic value well-built and has outstanding sound get it you won't be disappointed!
I had used some Boss CE-5 and CH-1 and substituted them with this unit. It's has a cool analog/vintage sound of chours.
