The Behringer ACX-450 is a good looking, great sounding amp in a small package, but should be used at low to medium volume.  At higher volumes one has to take care with the equalizer to reduce bass and midrange, and also use the anti-feedback button, to avoid a "muddy" sound from too much (distorted?) bass.  This not an amp to play loudly, but rather for low-to-mid volume accompaniment in a smaller venue.As to the sound effects, it is great with 16 effects covering reverb, chorus, delay/echo and many combinations.  I especially like that you can have all the effects with totally different settings on either channel.  Also nice to have a separate XLR microphone input on channel 2.The CD/MP3 input is good for backgrounds (or maybe drum machine) when playing, or music during breaks, although one needs a cable with RCA plugs to connect it.  Lack of a headphone jack is a drawback, but is balanced by all the good things this little amp offers.Overall, a great sounding and very flexible amp for a low price, if you don't plan to crank it up too much!
I have been using the Behringer ACX450 for six months now.  I was impressed early, and still am very satisfied with the performance.  It is a straight forward 2 channel acoustic amp with some modest effects.  One would have to be filling a large venue to need more than this quality amp can provide.  I'm running preamps from Gibson J45 and a Taylor 114 ce and they both sound amazing and I don't even know what to do with the rest of the gain.  The music from these instruments is clear, bright, deep and the sound is a great reproduction of the instruments themselves.  Behringer's mission statement is to provide quality amplification to musicians at a reasonable price.  I say, "mission accomplished".  Amazon was seamless to work with and with free fast shipping the whole experience has been great. Man, how did we get by before things were so cool and easy.  Push a couple of buttons and magic appears at your doorstep.
Great amp but the instructions are minimal and pretty worthless.  Unless you have a mixer, you can only use one instrument and one microphone with this.  Really puts out the sound though, and I guess that's what you get an amp for!  I used it in a basketball gym and only had to turn the gain up to 2-3 to fill the place.  Very nice effects on both channels.
I am so happy with this amp. I've had it for close to a year now and it sounds amazing. On a couple of occasions, I have plugged in my acoustic, my mic, and my buddies mic, and it still handled the load and sounded good. I'm impressed. I even have a Digitech pedal that I use with my Fender Strat, and it sounds amazing. I highly recommend this amp.
This amp sounds great, looks great, works great and is a breath of fresh air from &#34;modelling&#34; amps or ones with many effects that require regular use of a manual to cycle through. This Behringer has a dial offering four effects styles with five &#34;flavor&#34; settings in each. They are all on one dial and there is no pushing, pullling or holding for seconds for lights to tell you you've switched gears. Here you just turn the dial one little click at a time to find a sound out of the twenty. There is a simple level knob for the intensity of the effect and the great thing is that a foot switch is included where you just stomp on a button to invoke your effects or return to clean acoustic guitar. The foot switch has a second button for the other channel which can accommodate another guitar, microphone for singing, drum machine. The EQ sliders are quality and give you a nice reference from a distance whereas if the were knobs you'd have to be right up on them to see how they are set. I've had no problem with the front cover as a few others have mentioned--it's velcroed on there just fine. The cabinet is covered in a nice brown leather-like material. Plenty loud.
