I bought this to have at home or when I travel; my full size stand stays at church. I have a new Martin 12-string that I did not want lying on the floor. This folds flat (maybe 2&#8221; thick) has a wide secure base and fits in the bag I carry my other gear in quite well.
The Hercules Travlite Guitar Stand is an average stand in my opinion.  It does hold up the acoustic guitar and it is very portable but I'd keep your guitar and stand out away and close to a corner, if you value your guitar.  Not a specific knock on the Hercules but most low and portable stands like this, are the same, they do keep the guitar up but a careless bump can knock it down.  You may be careful around it, but it's hard to say for others nearby.  For a cheap guitar, I wouldn't mind using this, but for a more expensive guitar, no thanks.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I own two Hercules GS302B stands for my electric guitars, and I couldn't be happier with them. When I needed an acoustic stand I turned to the Hercules GS301B and have no regrets. At the forefront of my purchasing decision was the safety of my guitars. Not only do stands have to hold guitars securely, they shouldn't harm the finishes of the instrument. Unfortunately many stands will harm the nitrocellulose lacquer on many higher-end guitars; since I have two guitars of this nature, protecting them was of the utmost import to me. Fortunately these stands protect most nitrocellulose finishes, and I have never had problems with mine. The stands themselves (both varieties) fold up to be very compact if you need portability, and support the guitar very securely. I don't gig with these guitars, so portability was not paramount to me, but stability was: these stands are extremely stable and are very sturdy (mine reside on a carpeted floor, and I have never had any issues with them tipping over.) Some people may not love the yellow and black "bumble bee" coloration, but I actually find it whimsically industrial. I am completely happy with all three of my Hercules stands: they are safe, portable, rugged, and won't hurt the finish on most guitars. If I need another guitar stand, it's a good bet I will buy another Hercules.
This is a nice, sturdy well made guitar stand.  It is great for gigs as it is small and travels lightly.
This thing is relatively heavy for such a small stand.  Of course one might think that would translate into sturdy, and one would be correct.  Super simple to use.  No buttons, levers, or knobs. Just pop it open.  It doesn't have an actual mechanical locking feature, but the design is such that if you fully open the outside legs they will basically lock in place.  It holds my acoustic securely, and I have no fear that it's going to tip over on its own.  When you're done, just nudge the outer legs to "unlock" them and it's super easy to fold back up.I had a Fender mini acoustic stand, but it didn't fold flat enough to fit nicely in my gig bag so I figured I would try this one.  I am quite happy as it does in fact fold flatter.  HOWEVER..... I can only give it four stars because when folded the three back feet stack up and give it about a 2.75" thickness.  If Hercules could have figured a way to avoid that, this baby would truly fold as flat as a magazine.  It's still pretty flat and takes up less room in my bag, but I think the Marketing guys used a little creative license with that description.  (Either that or they're comparing it to the Cosmo year end recap issue.) Still a great little stand and I would buy it again if needed.
