I was unaware when I originally purchased these that there was a threaded mic mount on the back extension pole. I already had a couple 13" posi-lok boom arms that I popped on them and was able to reclaim two floor mic stands and save a little bit more floor space. They are fairly well constructed for the price and fit perfectly in my small home studio. The mics are now perfectly positioned and dont get kicked around anymore.
The reason I stopped using amp stands was because I couldn't find anything collapsible and non-bulky. It works very well and is very sturdy ... I use it for a Hot Rod DeLuxe.
The box contained a bag with just the bottom half of the stand. The top section with the mic thread attachment was missing. Sent it back and did not reorder.
I love this stand.  I am really disappointed in the cheap, designed-to-fail, bolt-in hardware used to adjust the telescoping rear leg.I think this stand can last a long time if you don't adjust it much, but how much better would it have been had they designed one of those pressure collars with a flip tab, so you are not limited to the holes drilled into the rear leg?  The other hardware isn't much better.For a $50 (list price) stand, On Stage took the cheap route rather than the quality route.  Well, it's only an On Stage product, not Hercules, K&M;, or Atlas, or Ultimate Support.  Cheap stuff, a budget brand, trying to pass as a name brand.Great idea though, and the price is right at $25 street.  Hopefully a better make will put out something more road-worthy.
This stand rocks!  Literally! I don't even have to play the guitar anymore, it does it for me.Kidding aside, this thing is really nice.  I added the boom stand so I can run an SM57 to the surround of my amp's speaker.  I went ahead and ordered two for another amp, just so I don't have to switch them out.  I have a couple of medium sized amps(2 x 10's in each), so I would highly recommend this stand for amplifiers around the same size.  This may not be so great for smaller amps.
I was honestly skeptical before actually trying it. The specs seemed as if it would support my very heavy, very expensive hand-made 1x12 cabinet and matching head. It seemed the only design that would allow me to tilt back the pair and it absolutely delivered. The upright support in the back extends quite a bit and the protective foam is moveable and can be positioned at just the right location. I am truly impressed and after using this weekend after weekend with a gigging band can soundly recommend this product.
