This thing is incredibly cool.  Double the record time of the closest competitor- the TC Ditto- and about twenty bucks cheaper.  Your loop can be as long as 10 minutes, with unlimited over-dubbing.  This pedal sold out in about a day on most of the big retailers- likely due to pre-order obligations and a delayed release.  It was worth the wait.  You can add layer after layer of sound to build a wall of music.  It's a really cool tool for jamming, performing, or composing.  Operation is simple- press once to record.  Press again and it begins playback.  Press a third time to dub on top of your last layer.  If you make a mistake, press and hold- it will erase your last dub.  Tap twice to stop play of the loop.  Press and hold while stopped and you will erase the whole thing.  Switch is a soft switch, so there is no click.  It is very responsive to pressure.  There is a single knob to control the volume of the loop.  Nicely done, Digitech ;)
At the time of me writing this review, these little guys are hard to find and keep selling out quickly.  I was lucky enough to get my hands on one early.  I almost purchased the very nice Ditto Looper when I started looking for a small and simple looper pedal.  The Ditto is great and should be considered if you are in the market for a tiny looper pedal that does nothing but loop well and at an affordable price.  That said, the Digitech Express XT is a little better.  Both work well but the Digitech has a few more features in almost as small of a foot print.  Here are those features.  The Digitech takes batteries or a power adapter, is cheaper than the Ditto, has 5 more minutes of looping memory, can be daisy chained to other Digitech loopers for multi-tracking and they synch, has LED lights so you know where you are, and it has stereo in/out.  None of these are deal breakers alone but together and currently for 30 bucks less, the Digitech Express XT is the clear winner IMHO if you can find one to buy.
Sound quality is great. I also have the very first JamMan with the add on 3 button footswitch.  I wanted a smaller footprint so I purchased this.  Don't expect to run out and use it at a gig without practice though.  In a band setting, your time has to be spot on when you are hitting to record, stop and playback.  Slightly more difficult than the BIG JamMan Looper but very usable.  This blows away the Ditto pedal by another manufacturer......I had that one first and it is horrible to use....sold it.I am happy with it and use it live in a 3 and 4 piece band situation to cover rhythm parts when I am soloing and for harmonized double lead passages.  Excellent quality.  It has a lot of great syncing features but I do not use those.  Find a youtube video to see all of its potential.  Best looper for the money.
this is a simple loop effects pedal which makes awesome quality loops and unlimited dubs.  you can jam for hours with this thing, it's awesome.
I purchased this pedal at a local music store for practice and possibly doing some loops at open mics with my Roland GR55 (which has a flawless basic looper built in, but only 20 seconds record and no undo). I had hoped that it would at least last one hour on with a battery so that I wouldn't need to carry a power adapter along.The factory battery lasted about 1 hour. The second brand new fresh Duracell battery lasted about 20 minutes. I started recording a loop with another (3rd) fresh battery (tested 9.10 v with a multimeter) and the unit started behaving erratically after a few seconds of recording, suggesting that it was faulty. The lights started coming on and off randomly (record/undo/all three together, then off, then undo on, then all three on etc. etc.)The first time I used the JamMan XT (with the factory battery) it seemed to be working OK and all I can say is that as a basic looper it sucked.I am used to synching loops with other loopers and timing is everything, so I know it was not my poor technique. The main problem was that it didn't matter how hard I tried (even if I did a manual fade out) there was always a gap of about 2 seconds between the end of the loop and the start. This makes the unit useless.Also, it is poorly conceived in that, to replace the battery you have to take out 2 screws... exposing the delicate printed circuit board.The potential for damage here is very high. Also, replacing the screws needs to be done very carefully to avoid cross threading the screws and messing up the receiver nuts which are mounted directly onto the circuit board. To save a few dollars Digitech did not have the foresight to manufacture the unit with a battery box which would have protected the electronics and possible (read INEVITABLE) damage.I have owned quite a few Digitech products over the years and generally they are well thought out and well constructed but they have really dropped the ball on this one.It's going back to the store where I purchased it.
