These are pretty good quality tweed cables.  I prefer the tweed, they seem not to tangle as easy and they are usually very easy to identify at gigs.  They also make one with the 90 degree 1/4 inch input as well.
I've owned a lot of cables over the years, and most have been junk.  For the money, there is no better instrument cable out there than the Spectraflex.  I've regularly rolled 100-pound half stacks over them, jumped up and down on them, and tossed them in the back of a truck with all manner of jagged and unholy acoutrements, and they stay clean and work like the first day.Pros:- Proper shielding means this is a quiet, accurate cable- Slick braided covering makes it super easy to untangle- Very flexible- Metal sleeves enable easy repairs should the unthinkable happen- Available in some very cool colors- Lifetime warrantyCons:- None to speak of.Spend a little extra money and get the best value cable on the market today.  A lifetime warranty means you'll have it forever.
Very well built cable and so far, no hum at all. Exactly what I wanted. Like the retro tweed look, and the sleeves that go under the TS jackets. Quality product. I was getting hum from some of my cheaper cables.
This cable is a great cable for the price.Flexible, good tone, good quality.I move around alot on stage and I need cables that will keep up with me and not bind up.Great product
It sure is a pretty looking cable out of the box. The chord works great, no noticeable buzz. I had to have the tweed, to complement my vintage gear. I'd have given this a 5 star rating, but because of the tweed/fabric outer, the chord is constantly fighting you with kinks.
Very well made cable but I had to return it for a longer one of the same as this was a little to short, but very well made .
I have owned a few of these and they hold up perfectly. What I love is they do not introduce noise in the signal path, and have some nice touches in the way they are made.One of those 'nice touches' is a strain relief at both ends, which will prolong the life of the cable as well as prevent micro breaks in the conductor that can (and will) introduce noise and static eventually. The plugs are also of the highest quality. They mate perfectly with 1/4" receptacles on guitars and amps.I mentioned that these are for inside playing. What I mean is for outside gigs on rough concrete, cobblestone and similar surfaces the outer jacket will fray as the cable is dragged across the surface. That is not a negative aspect of the jacket as much as a reality of the material from which the jacket is made.Otherwise this is a bargain when you consider the quality, price and performance. Get one as a spare if for no other reason because I think you will be pleased with it.
Let me say this is a a great cable in every aspect.First, it works extremely well.  No popping or clicking at all.  Very flexible but solid feel to it.  It looks better in person than in the pic too.  And with the lifetime guarantee, you really can't go wrong here.
