White thin picks by fender, what else can I say? They are very good looking, the only downside with thin picks is that you tend to keep buying thin picks because they keep breaking BECAUSE YOU ARE PLAYING FAST AND WILD WITH THEM!
I've always been a fan of these Fender Classic picks. They just feel right, wear very well, and make a nice sound in conjunction with a good set of strings on my Telecaster. I also think the price is pretty fair.
These are guitar picks and I don't play guitar so I can't say much more than the fact that they came and they were what they said they were
These picks are perfect.  They are just the right feel for medium and look awesome.  What more can you say about picks other than they are perfect.
If you haven't used these picks, get some. They are the perfect size and shape. Your really can't beat them.
Other picks usually let me down when I riff and melt faces playing the blues jazz or gospel etc., Fender heavies are made to make the notes sound like l they have been hit for real. I prefer no cheap imitations. Only Fender Heavies. That's what I smoke.
Like other reviewer wrote previously, I received less picks than advertised (I received a total of 7 picks). I don't know if the people at customs "borrowed" some from me, but I find very strange that more than one person is having the same problem. Other than that, the picks are good, seem to be durable and produce a nice sound.
I have a bass guitar and sometimes us a pick. Seen these and they work great when needed. Looks good too :)
I have used Fender Medium picks since the late 60's.  Yes, they are made in China now (!!) but they are still the same pick as far as I can tell.  The picks arrived fully sealed in an outer envelope and contained within a nice little mini zip-lock baggie.  All 12 were in there, all of them Fender Mediums.  (purchased from B&G; Music Associates)  Shipped from Illinois to California in 3 days with normal shipping.The picks are great and I couldn't be happier with the order. Whatever issues occurred with missing picks and poor shipping no longer exist from where I stand.  Recommended if you want/need a nice little bag of Fender Mediums.
This is my guitar pick of choice.  I  fits well in my hand and is well balanced.  Have tons of picks , but seem to use this one all the time.
This is the first guitar pick I ever played with and to this day is my favorite type.  Nice and thin and flexible, but not so flexible that you can't bend it for single picking.  I'm torn between this style, out of nostalgia, and the blue version-because I love blue.
Best guitar picks. Great shape, sturdy. No fancy expensive flashy grip features. Guitar pics as the God's of Rock intended.
The Fender medium is my second choice for picks.My first is the 'Just Strings' pick that is the exact same shapewith a softer (less scrape) feel on the strings at half the price.Pick choice is like guitars and amps; everyone has a different opinion.
Fender Medium, my favorite guitar pick, a dozen should last a while right?  When these slip away I'll order more.
