I liked these a lot. For the price they work very well, and I am very happy that I bought them. I got a couple of those straight-coupler things, but really their use is quite limited because input jack heights on different effects pedals are rarely the same height so you can't use the straight-couplers. You don't run into that problem with these - they can connect any pedal to any other pedal.
Like many say, they do slip out easy so you need to keep that in mind, otherwise for the price and overall quality they are good cables.
How much can you say about a patch cable. This is a good one at a good price.I recommend it.
They work well, but they are not Mogami.That being said, I use them in my rig, and bought some for my brothers. We both seem pretty happy with it.
These are very sturdy cables and really work well on my pedalboard. I expect them to last for a long time
I'm using these cables to string effects pedals together; I've had no issues with them so far.  They seem sturdy enough for rough handling, and I'm not noticing any extra noise.
I found that these were OK but the heads were bigger than I could stand to use on my cramped for space pedal board.  So, they sit in a drawer as spare parts for other cables.
use them for home recording,  nothing on the road. for that purpose these are made well. wouldnt use these regularly for gigging wear and tear would break them down pretty quickly.
I ordered two sets so that I could set everything up in nice orderly progression on my stomp box.  Heard no evidence of hum and they seem to work just fine keeping everything in order!By the way, these are listed as  .5 feet (6"), but actually are 10".  Wish I had measured as I ordered a 12" long cords thinking they would be twice as long.  Oooops, my bad when I discovered they were only 2" longer!
Well made, sturdy, and adequate for use on a pedal board or just to connect various pedals via the traditional way.
They do the job and are made well. I guess the high dollar cables are better but it's hard to tell the difference.
These little patch cables have been indispensable since I used them to set up my pedalboard. They're durable and tough, yet provide a high level of flexibility when it comes to using them in tight spaces inbetween effects pedals. I previously had been using some Fender Tweed patch cables, and they just weren't flexible enough, even though they looked cool for days. So if you're looking for a great patch cable for your pedalboard, look no further my friend.
If you're not using a pedal board these are just what you need. Good price....Good quality. I use them for the times that a short patch cord is better then tripping over longer cables.  I use them to patch-in additional effects outside of my pedal board and they're perfect for patching my amp head to a slave head.  BUT!!!.... If you're building a pedal board  AMAZON sells, solid, double- male,  connecters (Digitech PC-2 Hardwire Accessory Premium Gold Plated 1/4" Male Coupler) that work great and really clean-up your pedal board.
I bought two sets (6 total) Great cables, no added hum.  The only down side. I will need to buy more effects pedals now and a pedal board.Good problem to have.
The cable is great material, the 90's with boots are just right and have a lot of strength for durability.  Price is right for sure.
What can I say, these are great patch cables.Solid connection, not too to stiff and no harmonics that I could detect.  And I've had crappy cables that buzzed when you looked at them cross-eyed - these don't do that.  No gold connectors and if you need the best of the best maybe you should be looking elsewhere.  For the rest of us, who are looking for good stuff at a good price, these are the ticket.Highly recommended.
These cords seem to be a hair longer than the conventional pedal-to-pedal cords, which is nice.  They also seem to be quality without bulky.  Some "quality" cords I've purchased in the past were stiff and bulky, when I needed more flexibility.  These cords strike that balance perfectly.Quality and value, so you can't go wrong.UPDATE:I've lowered my 4 star rating down to 3.  Over time, about half of these cords have developed a problem of coming unplugged from the pedal they plugged into, and this seems to be a unique problem with just these cords.  About half have worked great, the other half have this odd little issue.
I'm very pleased with this purchase. The cables are flexible, quiet and no pops or loss of signal. Not much else to say. Buy them.
I've bought a number of these for use on my Pedal board.  They have performed excellent with no failures, noise, or loss of tone.  Recommmended if you don't mind a molded cable.
I use these with my MXR Effects Pedals and they are awesome.  Top Quality.  I would recommend these to anyone.  Sincerely, Doc
I have a hard time paying for a patch cable that costs almost as much as a 20' cable. These are not cheap but they are priced much better than others. And they Work Great! No loss of Tone through these cables. If anything I had to do some EQ adjusting because after using these I had a far greater signal (volume and frequency response) when I replaced my other patch cables with these!I Love Them!!!
It works fine if it will reach your equipment, three more inches would be nice.  If it will reach, it's great.
Right size, well made, and these do the job. I prefer them at 90 degrees, so these are just right.
I was looking for something like this for a long time, if you are like me, that likes the analogical pedals this is a good option.
Trustable, quiet, good materials, durable, etc... Maybe these are not the best when its about helping with the space on the pedalB bcuz of their large plug'heads', but they do a perfect job with my guitar signal...and honestly, for me, that's what I need... Good stuff to have!
I bought a bunch of these when I started building my pedal board.They're very inexpensive, but seemingly quite high quality.Tons of bang for your buck.Seemingly no tone loss, no added noise, and no coloration.The right angle ends are a little big and bulky, they may not do so well on a tight and jam packed board.But for average boards they work great!I gig and record with these. Great product!Only negative check b/c the ends are too bulky.
I bought a second pair of these. All I gotta say is that they do their job for a good price. Good stuff.
With how small pedals are getting the plug ends are bulky - even for a right angle - but they still sound good.
I have a real problem with these patch cables.  I got them as a christmas gift but they don't stay in my pedals' input jacks without causing problems and having to push them in on occasion.  Most problematic is the connection between my EHX memory boy and digital memory man... never had problems with any other cables here, but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust.
I figured I would splurge and buy these just to have some backup cables when I wear out the cheap guitar center ones (and have some that match). They are well built and feel like they can take some abuse. I will probably but 2 more packs shortly to switch out all my cables.
nice to get these for ur effects , they are great product , and does exactly what they supposed to, connect Ur pedals,,,great cable , short and useful, also quiet
They are cheap when bought in the 3 pack and they are very quiet. I need to order a couple more packs though!
I thought it was my jack for a while, then I noticed it wouldn't stay in any pedal.  There is no "click" assuring that the cable is in place... and there's a reason for that, it isn't! Slips right out of every pedal I have.  Not reliable.
I have been playing for 17 years and have seen alot of patch cables. These are great quality and for the price you cant go wrong. These are currently the only cables I use on my pedalboard. Short of monster or mogami, these are the best you can get for the money.
If you're looking for the perfect patch cables for your effects board, these are it. Very well-manufactured, durable, and reliable, I'll use these again and again
Worked perfectly for my needs. I don't have a ton of pedals and just needed a few patch cables to connect them all. When it comes to quality of cables, I'm really not to picky about it. I know there's a bunch of gear snobs that turn their noses at anything they consider &#34;inferior&#34; in quality, which usually, from my observation, has to do with cheap affordable prices equaling bad quality and higher end merchandise is always super expensive. If you need some patch cables for your rig, these will do just fine.
These cables are really the best. They sound perfectly, they look and feel strong, their contact is perfect. Life time warrany. Recommended.
Planet Waves has built its company making affordably priced accessories and these patch cables are no exception. I bought these at a local Guitar Center for about the same price. The thickness and connectors seems to hold up well although I may look for a slimmer alternative soon as some other reviewers have stated also that the connector ends are a bit large and could become difficult to work with in smaller or crowded pedalboards.
These help remove a lot of the clutter from the pedal board.  They snap in the way they should and appear to be of good quality.  Just what I'd expect from the company.
I bought these to chain together some effects pedals for my guitar. They work very well. I don't do too much recording or gigging though, so I'm not sure how well they would work for those activities. But as for as practicing and just messing around at home, these work quite well and you can't beat the price. I've never had them short out and never experienced any humming or noise distortion. I definitely recommend these for anyone looking to chain some pedals together.
Its quality for a small price, good if you are looking for a budget wires.  Overall it is good to buy
These cables are excellent quality cables, however, if you are trying to patch your pedals together in a closely spaced setup, these cables are rather bulky and stiff.The large size of the right angle connectors requires you to space your pedals out more than you might prefer, especially compared to some of the other pedal patch cables that are available from companies such as Hosa.
I purchased these for my little pedal board "The stepping stone".THese are very well made with the heads well secured. The plastic is thick and of a nice material.The cables come with a massive 5 year warranty so I'm sure they're not going bad anytime soon.Buy with confidence.
Great price and quality.  It is nice to not have to connect two pedals 6 inches away with a 10' cable.
No cable noise, works well with pedals that don't play nice with other right-angle plugs (like the original line of Aguilar pedals). Great little product, and I would buy them again.
This is a really good patch cable. Fits into different brand of pedals well and is really flexible with out feeling like its cheap. I was able to weave it in and out of the Pedaltrain Pro no problem. In fact I've order 4 more sets of these for the rest of my pedals. Highly recommended.
Just like the last reviewer, I also use this to link my MXR/Dunlop pedals together. They are surprisingly well made and I dont notice any signal distortion or drop off in sound at all. No cracklies, nada. I have been well pleased with these and will continue using planet waves cords. They are solid, durable, and reliable (and cheap as well).Enjoy!
for connecting pedals in tandem, got two of these three packs been using them for quite some time and not one has failed yet.  Nice value as well.
Bought it after read reviews. I had signal loss using these cables.. it's like having a loose connection inside the cable. My connections were on and off, I thought I had a dead pedal.. I have to wiggle and hold to get signal. It's too flexible almost like Twizzlers (no kidding!). If you want a cheap and reliable pedal cables, go get the one from Pro Co, I bought it very cheap from Sweetwater on Ebay, surprisingly very good quality and looks durable!
Great product. D'Addario always makes great products at great prices. I use these on my pedal board and they are always reliable and cost effective.
Great for linking close-quarter effect pedals. No noise and very durable. Great product for the price. I would recommend buying.
they connect my pedals and with very little signal kill. good buy for the price and nothing else is required. good quality with sealed connectors.
Needed patch cables for my pedal board.  They did what I expected them to do.  Not to bulky, and the right angle plugs save space.
I bought this planet wave cables because i have a Electro Harmonix OD Glove and a Line 6 M5, so i needed a small cable for both pedals. I highly recomend this model of cables, really works good with pedals and others.
I'm an enthusiastic amateur, which means I care about my gear, but it's not my living. I buy the best gear i can afford, but I can't go all Mogami for every cable I need. Planet Waves is dependable durable stuff at prices the weekend warrior  can pay.  These sound good (by that I mean they don't have any sound at all!), and are made well. The design is such that they will wear well. I'm very pleased with these.
