I bought this compression pedal to give my leads a little extra oomph and it does just that. When playing hammer-ons and pull-offs, sometimes it can be difficult to get them to sound as loud as the rest of your picking, but not when using this pedal. It amplifies your quieter sounds and levels off the louder ones to give a smoothe sound. Works great if used correctly. Not to be used with dynamic picking sounds because you will lose that louder/softer sound.I use this with a Gibson Les Paul, and Washburn Hollowbody through a Fender Super Champ amp along with other pedals.  It can cause some major feedback if using heavy distortion.
This is a great pedal to have in your setup, for those times you want a clean sound that will cut through the mix, yet will not just sound blaringly loud and undefined. I used a Boss compression pedal for many years, and the Dyna Comp was definitely a refreshing step in the right direction. It just sounds more organic, and less sterile than the Boss Pedal. I also think in this case, less is more, as far as the controls are concerned.
I don't know if its me, but i cant get any clean sound when this pedal is on, i use this for booster, really sounds good! use it too when i want to get feedback from my amp.also it comes with an anti slip sticker that you can put underneath the pedal.i recomend this one.
I like MXR products however I am always Leary of the metal button on pedals because of the possibility of the pop factor. The dyna comp does still equal out my sound from clean to overdrive. A must for pedal boards.
This compressor is a must have for my bass guitar rig and is used often in my other musicians' electric guitar rigs. It's very basic - two controls and one toggle - but gives quite a bit of punch and allows for a much stronger signal. Both my jazz bass and my Precision Bass sound great through this pedal.
I bought this pedal at a local shop and use it with both guitar and Bass. I usually put it before a distortion pedal and my original Phase 90, or use it as a standalone with an old amplifier to even out the signal. I do notice it is more effective with the guitar than bass, but that is typical. I usually do not turn the compression knob past 12 o'clock, but when using a chain of pedals, the compressor helps even out the lows and highs. The pedal seems to interact with a wah in good ways also. For the price, it seems like the best economical choice for compressor pedal out there and the MXR pedals are built like tanks. I have had this one and the Bass model for years and they hold up great while showing their age well.
Its OK, the adjust ability is not what i would like but it does have some uses and its built like a tank. i got this for free from my girlfriend who had it given to her from some old guy who told her it was a broken distortion pedal so i can't complain about it not being worth what i paid for it. i currently have this on my pedal board along with a Digitech MainSqueeze which is less expensive, more adjustable and just more versatile. would i buy this, yes if i didn't try anything else first. nuff said.
