Good quality, strong and excellent finish. Nicely priced. A foot rest will help you maintain a good posture while playing, a must for classical players.
It does exactly what it says it does.  My only complaint is I wish it could go a notch or two lower.  But very pleased.  It's cheap and works like a champ
It's a great versatile foot rest that any guitar player can benefit from, very good value at only $10 not counting shipping, very satisfied.
I've been on a guitar accessory shopping spree lately, and this is my favorite purchase as of late.  I've bought nice straps, but when I'm practicing for hours at a time, this foot rest is a great reprieve, and literally a weight off my shoulders.
Was using a box and this is a great help.  My stomach doesn't feel wrenched anymore.  I use it on my right leg with the guitar on the right leg.  Maybe not as conventional as the classic position but it works for me.
Great foot rest, it's not flimsy.  But it's not light weight.  I put it in my guitar bag to carry with me and I definitely feel that it's there.  I like that it's adjustable to various heights.  I am short (5'1") so I usually have it on the highest setting to prop up my left leg when I'm playing classical guitar to get the guitar at the right angle.  But I sometimes adjust it down when I switch it to my right leg and when I'm playing Flamenco and rather than rest the guitar between my legs like in the classical posture, I shift it over to my right leg.  I ended up getting a 2nd one so that I keep the one at the highest setting for when I'm playing classical, and then the other one at the lower setting for my Flamenco playing.  Great foot rest, I recommend it.
Just what I needed to position my guitar while seated.  I was worried it would not hold the weight, but it does well.
I was looking for a foot rest for a good value and that is exactly what I got.  There isn't too much to say about it.  It's sturdy.  It's adjustable.  It's a great price.  It really made playing easier for me.
This little foot stool is really sturdy. It stays in place beautifully. No rocking sideways, no wobbly action.If one of the notches doesn't do it for you, you're screwed: There's no gradual adjustment. But the positions it allows make sense for 99% of players.

This is heavy, but strong.  Very comfortable, I cannot carry it around with me, but it works well at home.  I recommend it.
I like this product, but wish it had a wider foot or base to it for carpeted areas, it does get a little unstable on carpet.  Does fine on hard floors.
The other reviews for this foot rest called it sturdy and well built. They were right. It can be adjusted to a number of different heights to suit your particular needs - and based on the design of the stand it will stay where it's put. One of the best parts is that while it is stable enough to be the main foot rest where I play my guitar it can be collapsed flat and it easily fits into a bag or backpack - probably around half of the thickness of a chord book, although heavier, as it is steel with a rubber tread on top. It feels like I will own this for a long time - a well priced, good value.Edit2/2013After owning this for around a year and using it every day I find that it still looks and works like new. I recommend it highly.
This thing is useless. Good idea, but way too light/rickety to be useful. Unless you're constantly aware of it, 99% of the time you'll end up just kicking it over when you go to put your foot on it. Pass on this.
This is quality construction.  It's definitely a must.  I'm a taller guy and it's important to have proper posture for longer playing periods.  I'm glad I bought this.
I've owned several poor quality foot rests in the past and needed a new one.  This one exceeded my expectations and for the price is an excellent value.I'm 6'2 and weigh 225.  There are numerous adjustment angles that I can switch to and be comfortable and I'm not concerned about the legs bending.  The photo makes them look weaker than they are.
