I bought a Pedaltrain pedal board and I have 6 individual stomp boxes that are crammed onto it. I originally bought Hosa connectors and they are high quality and have a low profile, but the selection of lengths is limited. I bought this kit with a little trepidation and proceeded to re-do the board. I swear I was done in 20 minutes!! The board looks awesome with all the cables cut to perfect length. These cables are dead silent and the connectors are high quality. The supplied cutting tool works as described and the only thing you need is a small-tip, flathead screwdriver with a medium size handle so you can firmly drive the locking screw into the cable for the final step. I could have saved some money if I had just bought these first instead of a bunch of random length patch cables.
The good thing about the Cable Station is you can make your own cables at custom lengths so you can have a neater pedal board without the need to solder the connections in place. All you have to do is cut the cable flush, insert it into the " plug with a twisting motion, and then turn the setscrew on the side of the plug until it is tight.As a benefit, if there is a shorting of the signal all you need to do is find the offending cable, remove the plug, cut the cable, and insert the end back into the plug.Great right?Well, not really.As far as reliability goes, nothing can really replace the connection that is properly soldered. With the money you spend, you could easily get a decent soldering iron, some old cable, and some cheap plugs from Radio Shack and practice. In the end, you can by bulk cable and connectors and make them as needed.I have used this product and had to re-cut several cables at different times but only to cables that have been constantly moved around. The other ones that are more permanent haves not given me trouble, but I have experienced problems in the past. Always have a few spares that have been tested.Another annoying thing is that they give you more cable than connectors, I would think 15 connectors would be more sufficient.Is it easier than soldering? Yes.Are they reliable? For the most part, yes.Will I continue using the product? Yes, because I usually have spares.Why do I use them then? I'm lazy.This is from the Cleartone cables website about gold connectors:Don.t waste your money if you are being asked to pay extra for gold plated connectors. The thin soft gold (5-10 microns) .flash. plating looks cool, but scrapes off easily and the brass aterial underneath stops you from seeing that the gold has worn off! The brass eventually  tarnishes and causes crackling when the plug moves or twists in the socket contacts.It is true that gold is a very good conductor of electricity when mated with a gold plated socket. But the sockets inside your guitar amplifier and guitar are not usually gold, so there can be virtually no benefit to gold plated plugs.
I am a tech as well as a guitar player. I also have spent time in the past Teaching soldering. But these cables seem to be well made with good solderless connections. Most of us know by now that there's a lot of hype but it really comes down to Good Quality Cable (This Seems to be) Good Stable Connectors (These seem to be) & the connections between the two that last (Time will tell). All I know is I have Hand Soldered Special plugs with Good Cable to only have them break with use and I expect the same with these especially in a high use situation where they are plugged & unplugged often.- I do know these are signal clean & do Not bleed f highs & that is critical in my book.- They are Very Easy to use & can be done on Stage between or before sets very quickly and with NO Soldering & I Love that!I will definitely use these again unless I find a longevity problem.LM
Very good quality cable and plugs. Easy to make custom length cables from 3 inches to 30 ft. My pedal board looks so professional and uncluttered that I actually made room for 1 more because there was no extra wire to get in the way.
This is one of my favorite music purchases in a while. Cleans up your gear's appearance tremendously. Very easy to use and lots of extra cable length.
What can I say? I started out with a couple of pedals, then a wah, then more, then a board for them, and sooner or later all those 6&#34; cords are either in the way, too short or whatever. I do like the male-male offset connectors to bring pedals together but sometimes on a board you've got odd distances. This kit does the trick, and truly was easy to use. Only once did I create a plug with a bad connection and had to redo it.
