I've been using this for roughly a year now, and it works fine.  It feels a bit cheap, but then it IS cheap.  It's not as easy to move as a spring-loaded capo, but it's also much lower profile.  Overall, I like it and it's certainly worth the (minimal) price.
This is a pretty good deal if you look at the price of other capos, and you get free shipping.Yeah, it's not as quick to use as the spring loaded ones, but still not bad; better than an elastic strap type.It is also great for creating your own short cut and drop D capos.  With a sharp razor you could do all sorts of crazy stuff.Do not overtighten the screw because the bottom arm is thin. You can add a pad of some sort, or just take care to not to over-tighten it.I'm the type of person that would glue in a small piece of material if it broke through.  So, far it doesn't look like it will though.
This works with equal ease across all six strings, or only the bottom three.  Haven't run across a need to try it on the top three by themselves yet. But judging by its performance on the bottom three, and its fierce grip, it'll do just fine.
It'll do for setup work, and the price is right. I wouldn't recommend it for live use or for anyone who changes keys every song, its too fiddly to adjust and get firmly set. I also wouldn't recommend it for anyone just starting out. A spring clamp type capo would serve better. This one is probably best for somebody who rarely needs to use it, and just wants one one hand or to keep in the case as a back up.
works like it is suppose to, good quality.I am able to produce my music with the proper sound needed for the song.Thank You Kyser Capos
I bought the capo for the guys at a correctional facility that I work for. It gets abused, so I don't look for it to last long. Would not buy it for my own guitar.
Works great, but it is a little annoying to have to tighten and loosen the screw to use every time.Some responses to comments I've seen in the reviews:--I've had mine for 5 years, used moderately, and the wear on the metal from the bottom of the screw is negligible. Haven't put a pad there or anything.--The manual screw functionality does, I feel, give an added level of control...you can make it very tight to ensure no buzz.--However, range of motion is on the wide side. To get it to properly capo the first fret on my acoustic, I have to put it right on the edge of the 1st string, and screw it down all the way, and it does sometimes leave some buzz.The price is nice though, so I would recommend it as a perfectly fine capo.
I prefer my spring loaded capo, but this one works ok on my guitars. I'm surprised I haven't broken it yet.
