This is a heavy duty strap. I use these on my fender guitars to make sure my guitar doesn't fall. It is a very comfy strap and prolly wouldn't break if you had a knife to it. It's the best strap money can buy.
This is the kind of guitar strap you are going to have for the rest of your life extremely  thick and durable made of awesome material... buy it
I love dunlop straps because I'm a tall guy and they're long enough for me not to look like an electric-guitar-playing-mariachi.
This is just your typical nylon strap (a bit stiff, but durable).  I love the Celtic design enough to use this strap, but ordinarily I prefer higher quality materials than the nylon and plastic construction (with leather ends).  The leather is also a bit stiff, but not so stiff that it's not functional or reliable.  If Dunlop made this in cotton and steel, I'd pay 4x as much for it...
This is a really nice strap.  It's very thick and feels like it's well made and high quality for a non-bank breaking price on a strap.  Looks cool and vintage, I am a fan of many Dunlop products and this one does not disappoint at all.
I bought two of these straps from a local store for thirty bucks each about two years ago. They've been the best straps; along with the same straps without the grommets, that I've used. I figured I'd save a bit and get a couple more from Amazon. I got them fast and saved twenty bucks. They do fine with my fairly heavy Fender and St Blues guitars as well as my P bass. They are middle of the road for price and width, but give me no comfort issues at all. My second favorite strap is one just like this except without the grommets. Super tight and easy to lower. Raising it is a different story though. I just save the fast &#34;lower played&#34; songs for last. Those are the best ones anyway. Excellent strap.
this guitars strap can work in any guitar, from a really light  guitar as a bird of prey to a  heavy Warlock NT
This is a sweet guitar strap. I have a similar one but it has blue fire on it. These are very durable straps that won't fall off your guitar so you can play confidently. They are on the little bit of the stiff side where it can be kinda uncomfortable at times but it's expected since it's new. My blue fire strap from Dunlop is comfortable now since I've used it for awhile. So it's get better as you use it. Besides it being uncomfortable at first, it's an awesome strap and I would recommend it to anyone that has a guitar :)
This is a sturdy strap with a nice pattern and double-leather ends.  The color stands out well on the black background.  Available in various colors.
nice sturdy construction for the most part, although I don't like the plastic that connects the fabric to the ends. But for the price, you get what you pay for. I would have much better liked it if they were metal. I put this on my Les Paul and it fit good, but I decided it was not the look I wanted on that guitar so I put it on my BC Rich instead. The BC Rich has both of its strap mount points on the rear of the guitar, so when I adjusted the length to a comfortable position, the adjustment buckle is now on my neck and shoulder rather than on my back. I'll give it a try for a while, but I think that is going to annoy me and will need to find it a new home on one of my other guitars or just keep it around as a spare.
as I said on my last Dunlop strap reviewI love the Dunlop Guitar straps not expensive strong and sturdy just a great product I have 4 or 5 of them.when I buy a guitar I buy a Dunlop strap and Strap locks always to protect my investment.
Don't let the term &#34;nylon&#34; fool you. This is a really nice, thick strap. Nothing like those $5 cheap straps. A great value and it matches my guitar that has a cool retro 50's pinstripe flame paintjob.
