I'm not a pro by any means.  I am enjoying this guitar.  It has all I expected it to have in terms of playability and range.  It _may_ tend to overdrive a little bit.  More than my other guitars (again not a pro).  One of the screws by the jack was loose, nearly stripped, when I got it.  A drop of wood glue fixed it.  Had I paid $300 or more for the guitar I'd have been upset, but as is that was an easy fix.My biggest complaint is that the finish on the body is thicker and less &#34;natural&#34; that the image appears to be.  It's pretty enough, and fine for a $100 guitar.  But I really wanted &#34;natural wood&#34; and it isn't.  Otherwise it would be a 5 star.  I play it every day.
I'd first like to say that I bought this guitar on Amazon for about $65, a lot cheaper than it's being sold now (currently $111). It's a wonderful guitar for an inexpensive solidbody, but it looks a little different than the picture would lead you to believe. For one, the guitar doesn't have a "finish," not even a glossy clearcoat -- it's solidbody wood, sanded smooth and given a deep wood stain. Secondly, the guitar is pictured as being much lighter in color than it actually is. The photo shows it looking almost like a red colored wood; in reality, it's a much darker, deep brown, akin to coffee.This does not, however, affect its playability, which is wonderful. I have a bit of buzzing on one fret, but that can easily be fixed with a good sanding and polish. The guitar can also be strung and tuned easily, though with any guitar of this body style you'll have to continually tune-and-retune until the strings will keep a tuning. It's a very heavy, sturdy guitar, and for a solidbody with two humbuckers you'll likely not find one that sounds as meaty and smooth.
Being from Tampa, I wanted my first guitar to be a Dean. Sure, there are plenty of other options out there, but I just had it in my head thats what I wanted. Well, I must say I am very happy with the purchase. Guitar arrived in its triangular shelf box, inside another Dean shipping box, which was wrapped in bubble sheet packed inside yet another, larger, Amazon box. Was essentially ready to play right out of the box, with a few quick turns of the tuning pegs. One knock on it I have seen online before buying was that the tuners don't hold tight, I have not yet had this problem after a week of playing it, including some drastic bends. Checked with a steel straightedge and a light, the neck was dead flat and straight. The edges of the frets could use some more finishing, they are still a bit edgy. I have seen others mention filing them down a bit, same thing that would be done on a more expensive guitar at the factory. I will probably get some diamond files and do this as well, I keep hanging up my hand on them on the bottom of the neck. I'm no expert on tone, but this has a nice even sound and responds well to pretty much any pedals or effects I've thrown at it. I did restring mine with the DR Neon Multi-Color strings for using with Rocksmith, which required adjusting the intonation. The low E and A strings ended up at the very end of their range, and the A is actually still a tiny bit flat. This could well be a factor of those particular strings though, so I wont knock the guitar for it. As others have noted, the finish can vary drastically. Mine is much darker than the stock photo and the grain is much less noticeable. Overall, looks a nice piece, especially for the cost. I could not ask for better for this price. From what I hear from more experienced players, as I progress I could easily upgrade the tuners and pickups, though I think I will leave this one alone and just get a higher end guitar when its time.OVERALL:Nice looking, feeling guitar for a beginner.PROS:Excellent value.Good quality construction.Feels and looks good right out of the box.Can be upgraded in time if you choose.CONS:Tuners may or may not slip when playing hard.Finish is variable, be willing to accept whatever shade you get.
I was a little reluctant to try the EVO XM as I have a Vendetta and the tuners are junk.  Fortunately this guitar does not inherit this issue.It's a beautiful looking guitar with very nice setup.  Action is incredible.  Almost too low for those that do a lot of stretching but great for those that are into fast riffs.  The difference in tone between the neck and bridge pickups is great and the pickups are very responsive.Hardware is slightly better than expected for this price point.
I had bought one a few years ago when i was a little short on cash, I was very skeptical that this would work for me, After my guy set it up it played flawlessly to say the least, Once i got my tele back and my acoustic Gibson back, (the life of a out of work guitar player, always the pawn shops best customer) but i was able to incorporate the Dean in with both of them, And it gave me another electric to play, This cheap little Dean guitar has turned into a favorite for me, Plug it in and sit back and enjoy what comes out of it, Very crisp with no noise, So if your looking for a good cheap guitar to either learn on or just something that you can pick up and play, And i have never had anyone tell me that it sounded horrible, And it got me through some tough times, That is why i just bought another one for practice, I hope that you will be able to use this review for your decision, Bottom line you can't go wrong with this guitar.......................PEACE
