I admit it, my memory is getting worse and this thing does the trick. Hold my tab securely so I can flip though it with ease while I'm still playing my guitar. Much more professional than having a music stand and paper up on stage.
I had so much trouble putting this thing together and figuring out exactly how it worked that I almost sent it back.But with a little trial and error, I figured it out.That said, this thing is ROCK SOLID... I was a bit apprehensive at the idea of suspending a $700 iPad five feet off the ground in a spring loaded plastic clip, but this thing is built like a brick house and is super strong in terms of grip.
Easy to adjust and holds the iPad secure.  I actually have 2 iPads on one mic stand (one shows charts while the other plays backing tracks).  No issues at all and would order again.
I'm the lead singer in a band and I use an app on my Kindle Fire as a teleprompter, This mount does a great job of keeping the lyrics right in my face. The mic stand has been knocked over a few times but the Kindle fire and mount suffered no damage. The mount is easy to remove as well
I use this clamped to a table and it's a superb product. I have a 7&#34; tablet, and a 9.7&#34; Touchpad, and they both work very well in it. Nice mount. Great value. Buy it.
I like the overall design of this mount although it would be nice to have a little bit more articulation. The best thing is that I can leave my ipad in the LIFEPROOF case for performances so I don't have to worry about water, sweat, or other various liquids and beverages hurting my main daime, my ipad. I use my ipad for almost everything these days and I certainly can't see going back to a lyric book after using the ipad and the SET LIST MAKER app. Then thes the real book app and of course notes and pages, iBooks, etc. it is a great tool for gigging musicians and this mount gets it up where you can see it. Best thing I've bought for my ipad in a while.
I've been using this for my ipad for chord sheets as I play on a weekly basis and it has been great! Being able to not have to use a music stand and having it right below me attached to the mic stand is really convenient. It grips really nicely and attaches itself onto the mic stand really easily. I've owned it for a while now and haven't had any problems with it.
I used it once, will only use it when I'm in front of it, so that, no one takes it, it works great when you're using your tablet and I use it for playing Pandora when playing in clubs, It not Djing it's DJ sound without the DJ, no offends DJ your job isn't easy, but when their isn't a DJ this helps. Remember to have Wifi in order to connect to Panadora.
I bought this brand because I have one of their mic stand mounts (for iPhone) which I like a lot.Pros:The clips did a good job holding my iPad Mini without having to remove the folio type cover (Marware Axis).Quality seems acceptable for the price, the ball swivel works well.Cons:It's too heavy for my mic stands.  I tried it on the boom arm and it made it top-heavy and unstable.  If the boom is positioned in a very upright position it's ok, but a boom pointed up defeats the purpose!The clamp which holds the base to the stand is big and cumbersome.I had high hopes for this one but it's not going to work for me.  I have returned it and ordered a different ChargerCity model, the one with the lever-type mount.
I was a little nervous about putting my iPad on the stand, but this is a substantial and well thought out design. It comes with clips that can be used for other tablets. It's very nicely adjustable and I feel very confident that my iPad is safe and secure on the stand.
This is a must have for musicians or even speech givers that may want to use a table for their music/speeches.  It is easily mounted on the Mic stand and can be adjusted to your needs. I would not do without it now as it easily replaced my cumbersome music sheet stand. I am using it with my Samsung tablet and can also be used with my wife's Toshiba tablet.  Highly recommended.
It does the job. It's bulky but it works well. It comes with an extra set of holders for thicker tablets (or to use the tablet while still in the case).
This product has an extremely flimsy spring mechanism inside.  Upon receiving mine and assembling it, it broke immediately while I was trying to mount an iPad onto it.  It also has a fairly narrow angle of adjustability.  The metal parts of it seemed sturdy enough but the plastic parts looked and felt brittle.
First time using item and it broke. The round back that screws onto the mic stand broke. I was really excited to have this and us it now that I transferred all my music sheet to my iPad. As soon as I took it off the mic stand the round piece came off. Would have rather contacted the seller than post a not so good review, but it only kept referring to delivery. I do like the product and it did hold my iPad steady even with a leather case on. Sad!
I switched over to using an Android tablet for notation when playing music. All of my 7&#34; tablets fit and even my larger HP Touchpad fits. I ended up using an Ainol Fire as my regular tablet. It would be nice if there was just a tiny bit more tilt up but it does what it is supposed to and it fits securely on the mic stand.
This tablet mount allows me to use my large Toshiba Thrive in live performance situations now.  It makes a solid physical connection to the mic stand, I never worry about it readjusted or slipping during use.
