Quick and accurate.  I also like to use the bypass mode as a standby switch for changing guitars.  Doesnt register notes well with both pickups engaged though.
If you are like me that you love playing music, this is a good buy. It pretty much does what it's supposed to. So, you plug it and it's ready to use. It's pretty fast, and accurate for it's price. Light weight.The only thing that it takes a little longer is to tune the 6th string.Overall, it's good enough to buy it.
Its pretty delayed, and doesn't display the notes for very long, but I play in drop G, and it gets the job done. The construction isn't something I wanna step on, but in a bag its better than paying $100
Bought this in early March this year & have it in-line with my other effects pedals on my pedal board. No problems with it at all. It works as advertised. I've found it to be better quality than the on board tuner that comes in my Fender G-Dec amp so what does that tell you?Not sure what the other low ratings for this pedal are all about because I love mine. For the money you can't get one that touches it. So what if it's not $100+? That means you have more green stuff to buy other things.Since buying this one & having it work so well, I now own a couple of other Behringer pedals.
Every Guitarist needs a good tuner! and everyone knows Boss makes some of the best products. The fact is tho I really cant afford to spend 90-100usd for a tuner! When I received this unit I decided first thing I was going to do was to compare it to my other hand held chromatic tuners. They all work the same. Using this pedal I am able to obtain the same results, that's good enough for me. Activating the tuner takes a little over 2-3 seconds, but that's fine since I usually tune within breaks and you hardly need to tune especially when you have a good guitar/tuning pegs.
for musicians in a budget this is the deal, it is not the best but it still does the job.not very powerful to read the signal of strings in my acoustic guitar as it does the Boss tuner, but for electric or bass is fine.very accurate too. just gettit if u are in a budget.
WOW, I got more than I expected from this Chromatic Tuner, Sure it's a plastic case, but who would be rough on a pedal anyways, had it about 3 weeks now, and im impressed, I see people say the blue indicator light is too bright, but truthfully, its OK, because the tuner lights are plenty bright enough, if it is too bright for you, just put a little piece of black tape over the light, but like i said its OK cause you can still see the tuner lights, I use this pedal with theVisual Sound One Spot Combo Pack, works like a charm.
i had no issues with this, got it so i could tune on stage while playing without making lots of noise. works great, does exactly what it says, definetly get the power supply with it, so you never have to worry about a battery. i said but in the headline because i only used it 3 times.
Look at this pedal.  Look at what it does, and what it costs.  $30 for a tuner in a pedal form factor, and that's if you don't even try to hunt down a lower price.  By contrast, Boss's TU-2 is essentially the same thing in a more durable housing, and it costs $100 retail.Yes, the housing is made of plastic.  I don't know about you, but I generally won't be leaping with both feet onto my tuner in the middle of a set.  If you treat your gear with any respect whatsoever, it should survive.  And if it doesn't, so what?  It's cheap to replace.The other person on here obviously got a faulty model, which happens.  Mine's developed a touchy input jack over time (it's actually the earlier TU-100 model), but I don't know that it's totally unexpected on a pedal this cheap.  One star off for these kinds of quality control problems, just to be fair.  I own three other Behringer pedals as well, and they're still going strong.A tuner is an essential part of any musician's rig, and this does the job just fine.  Use the money you save towards buying a really nice stompbox that will actually affect your sound while playing.UPDATE: After having used a new tuning pedal for some time, I will admit that, yes, this is a subpar tuner.  However, I still stand by my original opinion that for the amount of money you pay, this isn't a bad investment.  For a guitarist just starting out, this would still make a good first tuner when you really want to spend your money on pedals that will affect your sound.
This is not a gigging pedal. You do not have time to tune with this pedal at a gig, so if you're planning on gigging in the next month or so spend the $50 on a Korg. However if you're an at-home player who just wants to not have to mess around with regular electric tuners, this is worth the price. It sits right on the pedal board, the signal flies through it when it's off so there's no monkeying with your cables everytime you want to switch between standard and Drop D, and it's as accurate as the Korg is. It's just also slow. It takes a good 2-3 seconds to register a change, which is fine when you're just practicing or even for recording at home where a few seconds aren't crucial. I just recommend something a little faster if you need to tune quickly between songs.
Seems great need more time to explore what it can do...
This workk well however I do get some residual noise that causes the meter to shift to to flat side of the range. I may need new cables.
Not bad at all, this unit tunes really well, same as the Boss original, the only difference is that this one takes like 1 sec to respond after the pedal is activated, the Boss is instantaneous, other than that both units behave exactly the same. Some criticize this brand for making cheap clones but the truth is that they are making musicians on a budget a great favor, for those of you who do not want to spend $100 on a tuner this one is just perfect; since I am a collector I have other brands to compare (Boss, Korg, Fender...) and it is the same thing, it is as accurate as the Boss , at least mine is, and is a good mute switch also, I am happy with mine....
thing works fine... easy to understand settings ..sturdy enough.. lights nice an bright. i like it..use with power supply and not batteries..works best
