For the price, it's worth it I guess. If you just want to try it, go for it, that's what I got it for. It sounds nice and adds a cool tone to my setup, but after playing on a few more expensive chorus pedals I would suggest saving up if you really need a chorus pedal. But for the price it's not too bad.Oh, and the casing isn't like a wimpy plastic knife plastic. it's pretty durable. Albeit don't throw this on concrete and expect great results but it could stand a few stomps.
I mean you paid 15$ for a pedal that if you want to buy from the BOSS it's about 6times this price and if you want it behringer it's about twice this price. It does what is supposed to and it doesn't have a cheap look. For home and garage entertainment is good enough. I was trying this pedal before i buy any other pedal from the same brand, but now that i know that i like it i'm going to buy the distortion (red) one. i'm only sad they don't make a noise gate or something similar. That would be the top of the deal.
The Chorus is subtle... but it seems lacking to me. It is subtle but really weak compared to the classic rich ibanez chorus i have.
the effect it self is fine, but it is too noisy even though u don't dime it, for the price, and for this product, it is u get what u pay for.
This puppy sounds fantastic. The controls allow the effect to be adjusted from very faint to over the top Chorus with deep and intense sound. The controls are on the front, as are the in/out plugs, so it is a little tight when adjusting the knobs. Very reasonable pricing. Uses a 9V battery or 9V adaptor. It has a retro look and an old school sound, perfect.
fast delivery, works perfectly...I have 3 of the Danelectro effects pedals... hard to say which I prefer most cause they all have an individual and distinct sound...I'm partial to the chorus ...good item
It's plastic that's 1 star deduction, but in this case, very pleased overall. The effect here isn't to take off to another planet of sound but all set at middle 12 o'clock this pedal is awesome, and really appealing.Several other combinations are excellent too.  Check YouTube there's plenty on this, great price pedal.
How many times did I tweak a chorus pedal for hours and in the end decided I didn't need chorus at all. This pedal is not like that, not much to tweak but the chorus is great. Sweetens my cleans, makes the blues sound groovy and fattens the power chords. I even like it with the bass. Just a great chorus with not much to tweak.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-5 Chorus effects pedal works great and gives me that soft phase shift you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
Yes, this pedal is made of plastic. Yes it is inexpensive. But don't be fooled- unless you really mash on the switch button like an idiot, or over torque the battery cover screw too hard with a screw driver and strip out the plastic threads- it is pretty tough and durable. The chorus effect has plenty of adjustment, tone, and depth. It may not be a Boss pedal, but for $15.99 you are getting a tremendous value and it sounds very good. I was so impressed with these inexpensive pedals I now own 4 or 5 of them. As a hobbyist guitar player who does not want to invest hundreds of dollars into multiple effects pedals- I am into 4 or 5 of them PLUS associated cables and a power adapter for about the same amount than I could buy ONE Boss or other high quality pedal for.I would also recommend buying the Danelectrode 9V power adapter if you use multiple pedals. You can also buy a 5 gang power cable and daisy chain up to 4 or 5 pedals from the same power supply to make your own pedal board. If you have multiple Danelectro pedals it is a clean way to tie them together. I also bought some short 6 inch instrument cables and daisy chained the pedal inputs/outputs together so I can have mixed effects, or have each one independently.These pedals have been used almost daily for a couple of months now and I have not had one issue with any to date. A few other guitar player friends that have tried mine out are also very impressed by them. Absolutely a 5 star value!
Got this little guy last night to use with my Squier Tele Custom II, hooked it up and played around with it for a while and it really impressed me for the quality of effect you get for nearly pocket change! I also have a Digitech RP-50 that has multiple effects including different types of chorus and this Fab Chorus sounds better than any of the RP-50's chorus settings.  I am so looking forward to laying down some cool tracks using this with the Tele, my Applause acoustic/electric, and my Squier Vintage Modified 70's bass guitar. And like other folks who've bought this product, I'll most likely be getting some of Danelectro's other Fab boxes and the Dan Electrode power supply.
The Danelectro FAB series is supposed to be everything we hate about effects pedals.  Cheap.  Mass-produced.  Housed in a plastic casing.  But the FAB series offers affordable effects ($15 to $20) at surprisingly good quality, and end up sounding as good as some pedals that cost 3 times more.  If this pedal cost $50, I might gripe about how tight together the input/output/9V jacks are.  I might also complain about the weird position of the Mix, Speed, and Depth controls on the top of the unit, or the small footswitch.  But at this price, for it to sound THIS good, I can't complain at all.Don't expect the FAB series to be good at everything.  But if there's and effect out there that you only use once in awhile (especially anything involving modulation or delay), the FAB series is going to do it well, and do it for a fraction of the cost of other pedals.  It's just a great option to have for casual/budget guitarists.
Gives a nice warped slightly detuned effect to your first at the right settings.(Think Alice in chains, or REALLY distorted live nirvana solo) admittedly not everyone's into the whole grunge tone. But it was what I was looking for.Has some nice shimmers and thickening on other settings too.And hey, you can pretty much get it for pocket change.
I have yet to find a pedal that can match this little guys desired effect......  If you know how to use it, it really delivers a good effect.
its sound pretty good .. i mean , the range /rate arent as broad as others i've tried ..but i stomp on it regularly.. it cuts my signal a bit .. so i compensate ,,an always leave a bit of extra volume in the bank to make it up..all in all=worth it.
