My first guitar ever, I am happy with it. I read great reviews here and the price seemed good. It is a slightly darker color than the picture, as others have mentioned. And the top part isn't pink like the pic, also as others have mentioned. It still looks pretty. I did as another reviewer suggested and replaced the strings with extra light ones (to minimize finger pain) I ordered "d'addario EJ15-3D phosphor bronze acoustic guitar strings, extra light" in a package of three sets. And I like those strings better. The color is nicer (though the originals weren't rusty, they looked new-- others have said their strings were rusty but mine weren't) but most importantly it's easier for a beginner like me to play with lighter (thinner) strings.I might also do what someone else said and lower the string height by filing down that one part (I am a female and it's already hard enough to press down the strings cause my fingers are shorter than a man's, especially bar chords), but for now this is fine.I also ordered "dava 6024 grip tip" guitar picks, they are nice. And I got a "kyser 6-string capo" in gold and that works well. And I got a "planet waves acoustic guitar quick release system" add-on for my guitar strap to provide more security than the just tying a string to the neck. The strap I got was a Levy's with pretty floral pattern which is comfortable. And I got a "planet waves pro winder" string winder/cutter which came in handy for re-stringing. And I bought an acoustic guitar gig bag which I haven't tried yet. And I keep the guitar sitting on an "on stage xcg4" guitar stand. And I got a string cleaner by fender.So I write all this in case you were a beginner like me and had no idea what to buy along with your new guitar. I'll be using mine to sing with, so that's why I needed a capo cause many songs I sing need a capo. I use a lot of youtube tutorials to learn how to play, and also find tabs/chords on "ultimate-guitar" website. I can tune my guitar for free from using the program on garageband (a music recording program that comes on mac computers) and on garageband there is also a great guitar tutorial video lesson series which has been helpful. I am very satisfied with my purchase. It came in a big rectangular box and inside that box was another one that looked like a coffin! Haha it made me laugh. And inside that was my lovely new guitar.
I bought this guitar about 2 years ago and I have played tons of different acoustic guitars from Taylor to Fender and more. This is by far the nicest acoustic guitar I have played. The action is very low and the guitar stays in tune very well. I love the chrome tuners and this guitar stays in tune for far longer then any of my other guitars. Additionally, this is my favorite guitar and I would recommend this guitar to anyone wanting to play acoustic. This guitar could very easily pass as one of the 1000 dollar guitars. The guitar has no finish which I prefer because when you are done playing your guitar is not covered with oil smears from your hands. I love Takamine for producing such a beautiful guitar at such a great value. This guitar will last forever because it was made so nice. Recommend to anyone whether pro player or armature I promise you won't be disappointed and I have been playing for 6 years so I know what guitar players are looking for in a good guitar. Thanks Takamine!!!!!
This is not a toy.  It's a well crafted instrument.  Material is wood.  Decent quality.  Plain wood but with a nice tone colors to it.  Good refinements.  Rings around the hole and stripe on the back.  Strings had some oxidation.  Understandable as it was made and shipped from Indonesia.  Metal strings.  So that's a consideration if you're a beginner.  Sounds good too.  I prefer the sound of a metal guitar anyway.  So if you're a beginner or an intermediate player who just needs a nice instrument hanging around home for an occasional strum this is it.  It is a pleasant addition to my home guitars.  It's for my wife who is learning guitar.  She loves it.  And it costs 10% of what mine costs, and I don't mind playing it at all.  The only plastic is the plate on the front that protects during strumming.  I don't even have that.  It's a feel good guitar.  Highly recommended for the occasional strummer.
After going to various guitar/music stores and trying out many guitars (Yamaha,Ibanez, Fender and others) I researched on the internet and stumbled upon this make/model and saw the MANY positive reviews it had. I was reluctant to purchase an instrument without playing it first, so I purchased the best sounding guitar locally (costing me $129). After 1 day I realized I was unhappy with it still and took a chance and purchased this guitar online. The many reviews were absolutely correct. THIS guitar is wonderful and sounds great. I replaced the strings yet the original strings were just as good as the LIGHT strings I bought. Even though it is only an $89 guitar, I will treasure this one as if it was $300. Perfect intonation all the way up to the octave. Low action and stays in tune for days!
not so pleased with the sound quality..sorta disappointed with it over all...but ya get what ya pay for ....so i'll keep it anyway
I bought it just so I could learn a little bit of guitar. It sounds good and looks really nice. I get compliments on it.
I have learned out of experience that when you first pick up guitar, it is a bad idea to practice on a cheap instrument. Cheap $50-100 instruments do not play accurately, and you would be more likely give up. This, on the other hand, is NOT a low-quality instrument. Takamine makes many excellent instruments, this included. It plays very loud and clear, zero buzzing. If you are looking for a practice guitar for either yourself or someone else, look no further. I can guarantee that you will not find a guitar this magnificent for such an affordable price. Note: the package does not include a gig back or case, So I bought this one here, that fits the guitar perfectly:Musician's Gear Deluxe Dreadnought Case Black (Black)
Yeah, the strings that it came with were terrible, but it's an amazing guitar. I'll admit I bought it because it was cheap so I could practice playing on it and not have to worry about it becoming damaged, but it sounds great and plays really well. I like how the wood finish isn't all slick, has a nice natural feel to it.
This is a great guitar for the money. I paid $69.34 for my guitar and bought it through Amazon.com from Streamline Audio Video. It arrived ahead of schedule in great shape, ready to play right out of the box (after tuning it of course). If you want a better guitar than this, you will need to spend a whole lot more. The sound is great and it is easy to play. Only about 41&#34; long and may weigh a bit over the 6 lbs. stated in the description. My strings arrived is fine condition and the action was very close to what I will need.
This beginner level guitar is very good quality for the price. It's lightweight and has attractive but basic finishes. The biggest drawback is that the one I received required the action to be adjusted. The bridge needed lowered slightly and the nut held the strings way too high above the frets. The result was very sore fingers. These are easy fixes if you have the proper tools. Otherwise you'll have to pay a guitar shop to do a proper setup. Stock strings have a warm tone.
I've paid hundreds of dollars more for guitars that didn't sound anywhere near as nice and natural as this one does. And, mind you, I have yet to even change the facory strings out! So if you're looking for a quality guitar at a price that's more than fair, there simply isn't a better deal around.
I am a beginner but I played this guitar non stop since I have bought it and I can honestly say from what I hear from my friends guitars they use ,it sounds better I did have to tune it tho because it was out of tune and my playing sounded different than the people on Youtube I was learning from so I used the snark sn1 tuner and it sounds great now no complaints here.
I didn't know what to expect given the price, but am happy to say this is a very nice guitar for the money. I am impressed by the quality of materials, components, and construction. For example, the tuning machines are substantial and heavily chromed; they work smoothly, and firmly hold the strings in tune. The instrument came relatively well set up right out of the box; the action didn't seem inordinately high, but I couldn't resist taking a little off the bottom of the compensated saddle even so, and now the guitar plays even better. I might tinker some more at some point, probably when it comes time to replace the strings, but for now I am quite happy with the playability and sound of this full-bodied dreadnought, which is rich and resonant and very impressive. I still can hardly believe it is possible to deliver such a fine instrument at such a low price, but the proof is indisputably before me.
I purchased this for my 10 year old daughter.  She is learning to play guitar and the classical guitar I gave her was just too wide for her little fingers to reach.  The action on this guitar is perfect and required no set up..was ready to go out of the box.  I almost kept it for myself as a knock around guitar it is that nice.  I have been playing for about 30 years and was really impressed with the quality of this guitar and the sweet, full, rich sound.  If you are looking at this guitar, buy it!  You will not be disappointed!
This was my first guitar.  I've had it for about 5 or 6 years now.  My wife bought it at a local "center" from the recommendation of one of the teachers.  I taught myself to play on this.  First the good:  This instrument is a good beginner piece. It has a nice full sound and does not take steel fingers to make acceptable sounds.  The tone is very rich and will having even simple chords sounding great.  The fit and finish of the piece is amazing for the price. It looks great and had no rough or unfinished areas.  The frets are smooth and finished and the fingerboard feels good.  Tuning is a breeze and this will hold tune very well.  Often only a tweak or 2 before a practice session is all that is needed.  I have never had it go out of tune while playing (even when stringbending!)  As you get better the true beauty of this guitar starts to shine.  It is amazingly playable.  From simple melodies to serious chord jams this instrument handles it all!  The only real compliant I had (and the reason for the 4 stars) is the stock strings aren't the best (IMHO) for a beginner.  I'm pretty sure they use heavy strings as stock and sure they produce a nice deep rich sound, and WON'T break, they are BRUTAL on new fingers!  I would invest in a lighter set and switch them out pretty early on.  The only other minor quibble is the bridge seems a bit light duty and their is a tendency to get some string slap on the lower strings.  All in all this is a great deal for the beginner- or even advanced players that just want an extra guitar around to jam on when they don't feel like dragging out the expensive units (like playing around a campfire, or outdoors)  If your a beginner just starting out- this is a great route to go as the guitar will continue to give great sounds as you advance!
I recived this guitar today(2/8/13)and its perfect. After I tuned it it sounded great,it plays well,and it does not hurt my fingers like my old guitar. This guitar is amazing!
