Love these strings. I use them exclusively on my Gibson LP Studio Deluxe because it seems to corrode ordinary strings quickly. I have a washburn with a glossy, sealed looking fretboard, that doesn't have that problem, but still prefer these strings for it as well. They tend to be a little stiffer than ernie ball's, but I like the way they sound and they feel great when bending and sliding. I can keep these on my guitar for weeks of daily playing without the corrosion and deadness that I get with other brands.
My favorite brand of strings right now. 8 guitars now are fitted. They bend easy, last longer, feel smoother and a shot of Finger Grease Spray just adds the icing to the cake
I haven't owned my electric guitar for over a year, but I've only replaced its strings once. I've been playing almost every day for an hour or two and it still looks and feels very new. At this rate, it seems that the current strings I have installed would last forever. Would recommend to anybody looking for a long lasting set.
I get everything on Amazon now.  Need some strings and was ordering other stuff so bought to piggy back on shipping.  Elixir is what Tom Anderson uses and I trust his judgment.  He makes one of the finest guitars in the world if not the finest depending on what you like of course. Have a lot of them and used all kinds of other strings, I do Not like changing strings so these seem to last a decent amount of time.  Stretch them bend them and they don't break.  If your bending a couple steps or more then I would love to know what string holds up consistently.  Thanks much.
not two weeks after I put these on the A string broke close to the ball on the string.  I break high e strings on occasion.  but something as thick as an A string?? maybe it was a defective string as I thankfully bought two sets and I was able to pull the A out of the other set and it has been fine since.  now however I have the dilemma of should I just buy more strings and just use the second set as I need them.  Further more do I stick with the same brand.  that is supposed to last longer than average strings.  At this point I am going to keep playing this set until its time to change then go from there.  I will update once I decide if I should stick with this brand or go back to super slinky'supdate 3/25well another month went by(a week ago) and the D string broke in the same fashion leaving me to believe I either got defective strings are these strings are not as good as they are said to be. either way its losing another star.  if it happens with a different set of strings I will reevaluate my guitar/review and change accordingly
Yes, these strings are amazing.  I discovered these on my new Taylor and now I've put them on all my gits.  They really are the better string.  I was a fan of Ernie Ball on my electrifieds and D'Addario on my acoustics, but no more, I'm only using these.  They are brighter in tone to me and that really brightens up my acoustics.  They bend easy so they are nice on the electrics.  They do, however, seem to take a little more breaking in than other strings...but it's worth it.
Been a fan of these for years now. I occasionally use other strings for fun, but these will always be my go to strings every time. They feel great on the fingers for such a long period of time, sliding is easy, and they keep their tone forever it seems like. I recommend these to everyone I talk to who plays guitar, and they always stick with em. GET EM! You wont be sorry.
They will always sound the same as the very first day, I love this strings, currently on all my guitars
I have been using these strings for the last 7 years.  The tone last longer than any other string and they don't break on me.  In those 7 years I haven't broke a single string.  That being said I don't play heavy at all.  I will buy these strings until the day I die. especially the acoustic version of these...
I have used Elixir's on all my guitars for the past 3 years and never been disappointed. Their tone is great and the nanoweb's feel nice when you're playing.Disclaimer, I would only recommend the nanoweb, NOT the polyweb.
Always the best string I buy.  I like the Martin coated as well but I prefer the elixer.  This is the first set I baught for my electrics but so far so good.
I bought these strings after buying some Elixir strings for my acoustic, which I was pretty happy with.  For my strat, however, these strings did not sound right from the start. After about a week I really started wondering if it was just in my head or if I really didn't have sustain that I thought I usually got from a new pair of strings.  I convinced myself that it was these strings that were causing all my problems, and I was right.  I put a pair of D'Addario XL 9.5 (highly recommended for those players who can't decide between 9s or 10s) and was amazed at how much tone and sustain I was losing with these Elixir strings.  I did feel like I could move up and down the fretboard easily with these strings, but the lack of sustain and tone have forced me to stay way from these electric strings permanently.  Don't let the higher price on these strings entice you, go with a good set of D'Addario or Ernie Ball strings for consistent long-lasting strings.
I really like these strings, because I have sweaty hands that tend to make the strings on my guitars corrode and rust very fast. I can play a guitar once, and leave it there for 2-3 weeks, and the strings will be rusty and nasty when I return to it. I now rub down the strings thoroughly after each session playing them, but this stil happens.Then I happened across these Elixir nanowebs. They are great. I no longer need to rub down my strings so thoroughly, and they stay rust and gunk-free for 2+ weeks (of regular playing). However, I did encounter one strange thing. While playing at a rehearsal, my E-string just popped and broke, hurting my finger a bit. I was surprised, because outwardly the string didn't look that bad.So that is the downside. With regular strings, you can tell the string is near the end of its life b/c it looks really bad. With these, they may still look okay but be close to breaking. Made me a little cautious.I still prefer these 100% over other strings, though.
While the Nanowebs are coated and then coiled, the Polywebs are first coiled and then completely coated.  They both feel very, very smooth to play and the sound is amazing, I mean really amazing.  The Nano's sound is not quite as smooth and rich and heavy as the Poly's.  I would recommend trying both types for your electric guitars.  The Nanos may sound better for you on a hollow-body electric, and the Polys may sound better for you on a solid body electric; it's a personal preference like anything else.  The Polywebs though feel and are really smooth and give you a really fat, mellow, sweet sound.
These are the best strings ever.  I've tried almost every string on the market, and these are by far my favorite.  They sound great and last forever.  Believe the hype...they really DO last FAR longer than any other strings, and they sound great while doing it.Many other strings will sound great for a short while, but as soon as they get "gunked up", they lose any brilliance and tone, and become dead sounding.  Not these.  They will sound great for the life of the string.  In fact, the only way I know to change them eventually is not because they stop sounding good (which they don't), but because I'll start having intonation problems and I know the strings need to be changed.  Normal wear and tear does that, but these strings last SO long.I've tried the polyweb strings from Elixir as well, but I didn't like those at all.  To me, they didn't FEEL right.  Sticky or something (not like your fingers stick to the strings, but like you could tell they were coated).  With the Nanowebs, they sound AND feel like regular strings, but last forever.  The only string I'll use.
Pricey as far as strings go.  A lot of people swear by them but I get just as much tone and life out of strings that cost a whole lot less.
