Excellent replacement upgrade for the inexpensive but fantastic Squire Strat series.  This Bridge has more strength and solidness than the original.  Replace the Tremelo Arm with the one offered on Amazon as well.Key:  This bridge is slightly thicker/higher than the one it replaces on the Squire, so the back plate won't fit back on...something to mod if you need a backplate, but the difference in the quality make it worth the loss.
This comes COMPLETE with bridge, saddles and full size block... and it's FENDER! I don't think this is a true steel block. I believe it's Zinc Alloy but that's Fender's fault. The company I bought it from, Ant Hill Music via Amazon, is very honest and likable people. I have nothing but respect for them and bought two of these for Squiers. They made my cv50's sound fuller with greater sustain. I'm sure I'll buy more in the future.I should add it does not come with a whammy bar but your my old squier whammy bars fit perfectly into it!
This is a cheap and easy upgrade!!!  At about 20 years old, my MIM Standard strats' hardware was starting to show her age.  Most of the screws and the bridge had some surface rust.  For about $40 bucks, I was able to replace all the screws, springs, bridge, neck plate.  This is stage one of my rebuild.  The tone block on the replacement bridge has about twice the mass as the original which increases the tonal quality 10 fold.  Don't forget the bridge screws as this bridge replacement does not come with them.
Works for a cheap bridge on my cheap Stratocaster knock-off. Needed one that was better than the bridge that came with it, and this was a cheap, but not cheaply built option.
replaced my old bridge assembly with this new one and it really brought the strat back to life in terms of looks and feel. also this was priced right in my opinion....
It's not an entire bridge assembly but it's exactly what I needed. In my opinion it is worth the money.
You can mess around swapping parts, pickups, and capacitors.  But the biggest change I've experienced is with the tone block change. The Mexi Tremolo bolted right in to all my Strats and even my MIK Squier.  It went from thin and tinny, to being a real tone monster, with superb sustain.  The combination of the mass of the tone block, and flat steel saddles, has given me the exact sound i was looking for.  Couldn't be happier.
Yes, ever so slightly. Does it give you more sustain? None that I can really tell. People have been debating whether a steel, brass, or pot metal block makes a difference in tone and sustain. I think the main difference is the actual weight or mass. This is what is giving the deeper sound. The strings go over the bridge pieces and so I don't think material matters for the block much, if at all. I think it is about the actual mass. People who will say it makes a big difference are suffering from the placebo effect. Without debate, this will add weight to your guitar. I think for the price, it is worth upgrading the thin old style Mexican blocks. This is pot metal as well, which, again, is fine. The rest of the assembly is well made, as well, and seems just like the stock bridge you would find on a stock MIM strat. If you are thinking of going GFS blocks, this is cheaper, and will fit perfectly without you having the problems of not having holes line up etc., which is a common complaint and indicative of GFS's crummy products in general. I used the bridge pieces on one guitar and the block on another.
