I bought this when I was doing sound for a party where we had acoustic musicians that wanted to be mic'd.  It really came in handy to mic a guitar and a mandolin..  I will be buying more of these!
I'm quite happy with any of the "On Stage" brand stuff I have.  Like I said, this thing is solid, well built, good quality, and they thought of all the little features you need ... jamb nut at the top, little nylon tip on the thumb wheel so you don't scratch up your post ... just good stuff.
I use is this mount to support a Samson meteor mic. It works great. I would definitely buy this again. The mounting is designed to work on any diameter microphone stand. It has good positive adjustments even with a heavy mic on the end.
One thing I love about this extension bar is it will fit over the relatively large diameter down tubes on my hi-hat stands. I use anOn Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneckto connect to the bar, then I attach either aNady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphoneor DM80 microphone. The bar-gooseneck arrangement is sturdy enough for that mic model.This also works well for mounting on microphone stands. I use it and a shorter gooseneck to mount the DM70 for tenor and alto saxophones, or a DM80 for baritones. Again, it works perfectly for my situations.I always keep a few of these, plus various size goosenecks, just in case I need to mount an additional microphone and I am short on stands. It's one more tool to make set up less stressful.Trust me, when you need one (and chances are you will if you're a drummer or a sound tech) you will thank yourself for having the foresight to purchase it for situations I cited above and those that I have not foreseen.
Really great clamp, fastens to a vertical pipe very securely, great quality. A very nice addition to my collection. I highly recommend.
I'm used to the mic extension that uses a short gooseneck.  Occassionally there are problems with this set up.  Then I saw these.  No more bendable problems, I really love these extensions.
Ive had good success with this piece.  I use it with a straight mic stand topped with a Shure Super 55 for vocals.  I put a Heil Fin on the boom arm to mic my tenor sax.  The arm allows for a variety of positions, and serves to eliminate a second stand just for the horn mic.  My only (small) &#34;concern&#34; is the length of the arm itself.  If it was a bit shorter, or adjustable, it would help offset the (potential) balance issue created from having a mic hang that far off the stand.  In my case,  I am using a heavy microphone, so I didn't rate down the product for this reason (as I know Im pushing the issue).  I doubt that if someone was attaching a lighter microphone to the arm, it would be a issue.  That said, it's a great way to get rid of a second unnecessary stand cluttering up your stage.  We ended up buying a total 4 for our stage and freed up a ton of floor space.  A highly recommended piece.
Haven't had this long, but so far, it's just about perfect. I had bought another On-Stage side boom earlier and was greatly disappointed by its flimsiness (On-Stage MY550 - see review). This one on the other hand is rock solid and much more adjustable, AND only costs a few bucks more (fourteen buckos at present). I've got a 13" gooseneck and a light-ish condenser mic with a shock-mount on it, and it's as steady as can be. I'm convinced even heavier loads will be no problem. If you're in need of a side boom, look no further.
I use this to position my iPad a way so that it's out of the sight-line of the audience, but it's also great for mic-ing drums. Sturdy, flexible and well designed. Lots of metal where there needs to be metal. Buy a few, you'll be glad you did.
