I have a HEAVY Epiphone EB-0 bass and this strap is a life-saver.  Nice, thick and padded and doesnt look too dorky.  The little pocket for the pick is not too practical though because the pick easily falls out and is lost.
I've been a gigging musician for almost 20 years, and this is the most well made, most comfortable guitar/bass strap I've ever used.Pros:- Substantial padding where you need it- Perfect stitching- Heavy, stiff leather ends- Soft, fine-woven material - not the coarse nylon you find in most cheap straps- Underside is lined with an even softer material - makes the strap comfortable even without a shirt on- Did I mention it's super comfortable?Cons:- None to speak of.  Seriously.  It's that phenomenal.Perfect whether you're rocking a featherweight Strat or a 16-pound 6-string bass.I use it with a 13-pound 5-string Warwick bass, and it makes it feel like the bass is a part of me.  I hardly notice I'm actually wearing it.Combine this strap with a decent set of strap locks, and it could easily last you 10 years.You will not be sorry with this purchase.
Having a neck-heavy Epiphone SG G-400, I really like this strap because it is not only comfortable but also provides enough friction to keep the guitar in place without much effort. Leather straps are good, too, but they tend to slide off the strap button.
I bought this for one of my heavier 5-strings as a replacement strap and love it.  I use that particular bass for slap and usually hang that bass higher on me that the others for good slap technique.  This strap adjusts well and the padding is in the right place and comfortable.Good Strap!
The strap is adjustable on both ends, and the front adjustment slider sat right on my shoulder. I cut it off and glued the material back together with Shoe-Goo, and now it's great. Padding and wide material make standing with a heavy bass a whole lot less tiring.
I have now purchased 3 of these guitar straps for my main guitars. I absolutely love them! Great quality, very strong, and great variation of length on them. They are also very wide which is very nice on the shoulders. I highly recommend this strap!
Bought one, tried it on a P-bass, loved it.  Returned to Amazon and bought an additional one for a Jazz Bass...love it.  Good product for a good price, very comfortable.  Update:  I just ordered my 3rd one of these, this time for another P-bass I picked up.  The only gripe I can think of (and it's being super picky) is as another review mentioned the strap's padding design doesn't really allow you to have your bass up in the way high position.  If you're a person who hangs your base under your chin you may have a problem with this strap, other than that, this is a killer product for a killer price.
I bought this strap to use with an acoustic bass that is rather gargantuan,- A Tacoma 4 string, after a bit of adjustment it worked great. Then I bought an ovation 12 string roundback (very roundback this is a deep dish) I needed a strap to make this bad boy sit where I was, so I grabbed this strap off the bass and gave it a shot. After adjusting it for the difference in size it worked great. Now I'm buying another strap so I will have one on either guitar.(I usually keep a strap on all my guitars if the cases will allow it, sure beats taking them off and putting them on)This strap is very comfortable on an acoustic/electric guitar, probably more so than on a bass as it is supporting less weight. Due to the width of the strap it distributes the weight over a larger area, meaning less pressure on any specific area. This makes it very comfortable.I might change all my guitar straps from 2" to 3" now that I've had a taste of comfort.If you aren't comfortable playing, than you are distracted which removes you from the creative moment. This helps keep you in the moment and in the groove and it don't cost a fortune, plus it holds a pick or two.I like my phat strap just fine.
I like the 3&#34; wide for my bass. Fits nice and made well. Seems to be secure fit (leather holders are thick).
I got a couple of these to accommodate different strap locks I have on different bass. The fact that it is wide is nice. As others have said you need to slide the padding down, but you can't beat these for the money.
Planet Waves makes good stuff.  Take the load off your shoulder from that old Jazz bass, and get a padded 3 inch wide strap. It's long enough to allow my bass to rest at arm's length.  I can adjust it to fit my acoustic guitar, which I hold much higher, and check out the little 'pick-pocket'.  I like these well enough that I have four of them.
This bass strap is really comfortable and for a great price. BTW, that's all I have to say, so don't MAKE me type more.
This strap was great I was glad to find this well made wide strap. This Bass strap spreads the weight more even and reduces the shoulder and back pain,he loves it. Just the job.
It's not fancy, but it's well though out, and you can't beat the value. The edges don't cut your neck, and having adjustments at both ends allows you to adjust it exactly how you want. Like others, I had to unstitch the pick holder pocket in order to provide a greater range of adjustment. The foam position is never a problem as it will slide where you want, and it flexible/thin enough to go through the buckles if needed. Excellent no frills product with good enough cushioning for a bass.
I am pleased with the strap and the low price. I bought it for a very large body &#34;F&#34; hole electric guitar.
