This little stand serves so many purposes for me..At home, it is a keyboard stand and even a stand to put my pedalboard on when I want to test out different pedal configurations.At my gig, It holds my presonus mixer, A laptop and all of my wireless transmitters and receivers..  It is so versatile because it can be narrow or wide AND Short or Tall..As well, I have the onstage connector that will allow you to connect a mic boom to it..  I plan on using this one day to hold my Ableton Live machine as well as a small 2 octave keyboard and I will use the mic boom arm at that point!  Even as a keyboard stand, I like it because I can put pedals underneath it..  WIth it fully extended to &#34;Long&#34; mode, I can fit both my pedal train pro and mini underneath it..  Of course, that is 54 solid inches of stage front though..  Which is indeed a lot for the small places I fit into with my duo..
Love that I didn't have to assemble this stand!  Just had to unfold it. Was easy to adjust and is very stable. It's nice to be able to sit down at keyboard without having to worry about bumping it. Also seat fits perfectly under it when not in use.
This is certainly a heavy duty stand!  It weighs quite a bit, is made of solid metal, and I would not hesitate to think it could hold quite a bit of weight.  However, while it seems stable side-to-side, the spread of the legs does not taper much at all from top to bottom, and I believe it would fall over quickly if bumped from the front or back.  This makes me nervous for live performances or close quarter practices.
This is a reasonably robust stand that easily carries an 88-key keyboard.  The front-back spread on the legs is a little too narrow for stage applications, but having room underneath for pedals is a huge improvement over the more-common 'X' stand.
It's really flexible on how you're planning to put on top of it. The only small con is the top surface, you might wanna get a cheap Ikea board for it so you can throw anything. I put my guitar amp head (around 40lbs I think), and two monitor speakers without a problem. Love it!
