I love these strings they are a little more mellow than most mando strings so they sit in the mix and let the guitars cut though a little more. I'm hoping they last a while!
I bought a cheap Rogue A100 mandolin, and after setting it up I of course replaced the cheap factory strings.  I put these on, and what a difference.  These aren't too heavy, not too light.  They ring nicely.  I find that coating bronze strings with a good string cleaner, like Dunlop 65 Ultraglide, can help you avoid the dirty fingers and get much more life from the strings.
The J74's are sort of the default string that mandolin dealers put on their instruments.  They are bright and brassy when new, and give a decent punch to the sound.  However because they are bronze, they can discolor your fingers and they tarnish pretty quickly, especially in the summer when your fingers are sweatier.  Also, since they are round-wound, they are harder to fret than a flat-wound string and harder to shift up and down.  But the people who like them change them often, like once in 30 days or so, or whenever they play a gig, to get that nice bright brassy punch for when they are new.  This is because they get to a point where you have to work harder just to get the same volume, being less elastic, and less lively.  One thing is sure, that the J74's are loud and zingy, and that's why dealers put them on their mandolins.  Some folks move to the heavier J75's to get even louder and fatter woof on their chops.  The J74's are brighter and more aggressive than flatwound strings and cut through when you're in ensemble work.  Just make sure to change them often to get the best performance.
D'Addario strings have become the favorite for all my guitars, and now my two mandolins. Consistent quality and good tone and volume have made me loyal to the brand.
What more can I say? These strings sound GREAT! They play wonderfully, work well together, have a nice brilliant (but not tinny) sound, and are excellently made. These are not going to unwind on you or break easily.Excellent. That's all there is to say about it.
I am using these strings on an inexpensive A-Style Beginner's Mandolin; these strings made a significant difference in the quality and tone of the instrument; I strongly recommend these strings.
I've never bought strings before so it is kind of hard for me to rate these.  So far so good!
Quality strings at a very affordable price.  They are made from quality materials and care is given with quality control to ensure the buyer of a good product.
