This is a really cheap microphone.  I'm usually amazed how good &#34;cheap&#34; mics sound (e.g. the shure pg line is fantastic), but I'm not amazed by this mic.  It sounds like a cheap mic.  It handles high sound pressure ok, but sounds &#34;tinny&#34; and is more prone to feedback than a nicer mic.For the price, however, you should not expect any better.Likes:- Price.  This is essentially a toy.- Stand and cable too!Dislikes:- Sound quality.  Maybe you want a &#34;lo-fi&#34; sound?  You could make it work.Overall, this is a really good bargain for an extra back-up or kids mic.  It is not a horrible mic.  It is usable for applications like speaking.  For hi-fi music recording, however, you'll notice it is a cheap mic.
Good quality for the price, It's a mic on a stand. Plug it into an amp, computer sound card, karaoke machine, whatever, and belt out your favorite tune. Is this the most bestest sounding microphone on the planet? No, my friend. It is not. Sorry. But it is perfectly adequate for most purposes. The stand that comes with is light and I wouldn't subject it to too much abuse (don't invite Iggy Pop over, he's rough on mic stands) but it will do the job admirably if what you want is something to hold the mic while you wave your hands in the air like you don't care. And you're gonna do that, right?
Good quality for the price. It exceeded my expectations.  I expected something a bit more flimsy, but was surprised to find it as heavy duty as it is.
Sadly, I can't review the mic itself nor the cable that comes with the mic as they were both non-responsive.  I tried the mic with other cables I have lying around that I know work, and I got nothing; it was like the mic wasn't plugged in at all.  And the cable included in this pack, well, the plastic (not metal) connector to the mic was cracked.  I still tried it with a difference mic... static.I can't blame Amazon for the broken bits as the whole thing was packed well and the box did not appear damaged.The stand that comes with this set up seems really good for the price of the whole package.  I was impressed at how much of is *isn't* plastic.Still... I can't recommend this product.
I feel that every microphone is great compare to nothing. It works great thank you, Nady and Amazon. It's compact and great to use.
My son and daughter love playing with this mic and stand. It comes with a cord that has a standard 1/4 inch end. I plugged it into a small guitar amp. They use it mainly to sing along with their cds/mp3's. Note that this is not really a mic I would use in my studio - it is more of a toy to be honest, but a quality toy for a young child. In that regard I give it five stars.
Although this is hardly a high-end microphone, it is fully functional for amplification of voice or an instrument, although the output signal seems like it could be stronger.  The stand is sturdy, too.  So, this is probably not the best choice for the full-time professional musician, but for busking around or playing in clubs, it's worth a look.
The mic has loud voice in my Karaoke. The stand makes my setting professional. You feel different when there is a stand holding the mic.
This low cost, compact microphone and stand is perfect for my local speaking engagements.  I connect it to my portable 20 watt amp and provides the sound I need in intimate settings.  The stand is surprisingly stable and good quality.
This is not a great quality microphone. But that's not what I was expecting when I paid $25 for the mic and stand. I bought this for my group of kids in a worship school. I need some less expensive equipment to 'play on'. So it works well for that.
