I've been swapping back and forth between Evans and Remo for a while, but after really liking the emad kick head I decided to lean more toward Evans just for consistency in my setup.I consulted with an online forum to find which would be the closest 'compatible' drumhead to what I really liked from Remo on the Evans line, and I was led to the G2 series. (from Remo's Emperor series-- both being 2 plies of 7mm free floating film)Honestly, I think I'm going to stick with Evans from now on though!I ordered my pack shortly after the announcement of the 'level 360' sizing, and I wanted to give them a try. My fears of getting some old stock were unfounded and the set that I got was new enough to be L360 sized.I got them on, and the tuning seemed to be pretty easy. I use a drum dial to ballpark me and start my tuning process, but it went smoothly. Not sure if it was the placebo effect, but I seemed to be able to get a little more low range on my floor tom as well-- deeper but just as resonant as an 808 kick.The coating seems to hold up better on the Evans heads as well-- Remo tends to 'flatten out' within a few hours of play, where the Evans not only lasts longer, but has a more finished feel to them.
Recently I was looking for some heads to put on a set of Starion shells that I modified. My original plan was to use a set of Attack heads on both the resonant and the batter side of these shells. That decision was based mostly on price. Not completely though as I have used the Attack heads for resonant heads with very good results. The Attack heads that I bought though are single ply. To me that make them great candidates for resonant heads but I think a two ply head is better for a batter head. I gave the Attacks a shot on both sides but I wasn't completely happy with the sound and felt a two ply head would just be the better way to go.In the past I have used Remo heads for batter heads almost exclusively. I still very much like the Remo Pinstripe heads but decided to give these Evans heads a try just to try something different. I am very happy I did! These Starion shells now have a very nice sound with lots of resonance. The most noticeable difference between these G2's and the Attacks is that the tuning range seems to be much wider. The Attacks had a very narrow tonal range where they resonated. The G2's seem to resonate everywhere! From very loose to moderately tight they have very nice sound and resonance. I have some Moon Gel damping pads installed to cut down on some of the resonance but doing it this way instead of choking the drum offers a much better sound. By adding, removing, or moving the Moon Gel pads around I can control exactly how much resonance the drums have without having to change the heads tune.I should mention that I am still using the single ply Attacks for the resonant side. With the G2's on top and the Attacks on the bottom these shells sound great! Also, on the bass drum I have Attack no ring heads on both sides. I also have a pillow in there for damping and this bass drum sounds just amazing! So, the Attacks have their place but on the batter side I am very impressed with the sound, tuning range, and ease of tuning of these G2's. If you've never tried them, give them a shot, if you have you likely already know what I'm talking about!
I have been using them for about 6 months. I play about twice a week and they have maintained a good sound over the past 6 months. Not too difficult to tune either.
These are good heads. I have played them on several drum sets and have been pleased with their sound, look and feel. This is a super solid price too.
I bought these to try them out. I have used remo a little then I used to have some Aquarian heads and wanted to try Evans to see how they are. Amazing. I practically beat the crap out of them and the held up. My next acoustic drumset will have Evans on them.
