This is my second 4 way switch and it won't be the last. The four way gives you an added combination of neck and bridge in series, which gives a fatter tone than position 2 and more output than positions 1,2,or 3. I am very pleased with the &#34;new sound&#34; of my tele. The wiring diagram is very easy to understand and the install is pretty easy if you have a soldering gun. (don't forget to lay down some newspaper to protect your guitar finish from solder).
This switch does work, but you should look before you leap. The switch travel is greater than it is for a standard 3-way switch, and if you use the common Fender replacement control plate (or one that was only intended for a 3-way switch, it may not fit. You could fairly easily alter the plate, but if you want the cleanest look possible you may want to investigate a new control plate.
Recently, I was building a Telecaster project.  A friend recommended using the 4 way switch instead of the stock 3 way switch.  This allows you to have the three positions normally found on a Telecaster,  bridge only,  bridge + neck in parallel, and neck only.  It also adds the ability for you to add a setting with the bridge and neck pickups in series.The result of this added position is that you get a higher volume output from the guitar than in the regular bridge + neck position and  a slightly higher top end output.  This is clearly a case of &#34;your mileage may vary.&#34;  I've been used to the traditional 3-position switch on my other Telecasters.  I'm a bit indifferent to this mod.  If I was building another guitar, I would probably use this switch again.  It does what it is supposed to do and it is within a couple dollars of the 3-way.  However, I would not change out a working 3-way switch for this.  For me, the added benefit just isn't worth the effort.
The four-way diagram that comes with the switch does not tell you which side to use. Both sides have five tabs and look the same from the above diagram given no matter which way you turn it. I figured it would go the same way as the three-way - wrong. You think Fender would have the sense to figure this out, and give us a proper diagram, but guess again. Just another example of the incompetence at Fender.
Great solid switch. Works well for giving your Telecaster the option to run your pickups in both series and parallel.  As for those who have questioned if the travel is too much for some switch plates all I can say is that I have this in several of my Teles and I have never had a problem with the switch travel being too much for the plate.
