The MXR CSP202 or Dunlop Custom Comp is exactly what I'd been searching for...For years I played with only a crybaby and a phase 45 on the floor and everything else in a rack system. The rack systems had amazing studio quality compression and big complex delay boards, blah blah blah... but these days everything I have sits on a Furman SPB-8C Pedal Board (Highly recommended) and so I've been quietly searching for a serviceable foot pedal compressor, and that is harder to find than I had previously imagined... apparently they aren't easy to make..? I've been through 4 (coun't 'em four) foot pedal compressors and wasn't at all happy... an engineer mixer buddy said go try this pedal MXR CSP202 - so I did - and it's perfect...Benefits:1) It's easy to match your output gain on the pedal - so when you step on it - the pedal activates quality compression and NOT output volume suppression2) It's easy to understand right away - 3 seconds of looking at the pedal and you're done - 3 minutes of fooling around with it and you get it3) It's quiet but very effective and professional sounding4) It's solid and works exactly like very expensive rack compressionNegatives:1) It's expensive considering there are compression pedals for 1/2 this price2) It's got the 9 volt power supply connector on the wrong side of the input quarter inch jackOver all the thing is a Home Run - you can work around he poorly located 9 volt connection - you can wait a few weeks and save a few more dollars if you need to, but you can't fix a bad compression pedal if you buy the wrong one... I highly recommend this pedal, after a long process of searching and being disappointed I'm glad I found this pedal
Wanted a good compressor on the front of my signal chain for a pedalboard setup for electric guitar and this pedal is working great for my purposes at a good price. Have it set for a little compression to smooth out and add some sustain to the signal before going into anything else and never turn it off.
After trying about every comp out there for years, I came across this, I have a Wampler Ego Compressor too, it is the same quality as the Ego Compressor.Better than the Script Reissue, it was too noisey for me.
Compression is possibly one of the most misunderstood pedal (or rack) effects for guitar players, but I can say confidently that the MXR Custom Comp gets it right, and makes it easy.WHAT IT DOES - First, a quick word about compression.  The easiest way to describe compression is that smooths and sustains the level and intensity of your guitar's pure tone.  When you play an uncompressed guitar signal, you can experience annoying volume swells if you strum too aggressively.  On the other side of the problem, you may want to use strummed chords or arpeggiated sequences for a continuous "ringing" effect, but find that the individual notes die out too soon.  A quality compressor pedal takes those extremes and normalizes them.  It also can "sustain" the notes by boosting the levels of individual chords or notes when they would otherwise fade away, depending on the settings.BUILD QUALITY - If there are complaints to be had about the MXR Custom Comp, they aren't related to durability.  MXR pedals, like BOSS pedals, are built with heavy-duty metal, yet the pedal is surprisingly light with the battery removed.  Unlike BOSS pedals, the switch is in the form of a metal button that "clicks" when you press it.  My understanding from veteran MXR users is that the switch is very reliable and long-lasting.  In my case, however, I intend on having the thing on all the time, so this is not a major concern anyway.One gripe with the pedal is the accessibility of the battery and internal "Attack" control.  The pedal has knobs for Output (volume) and Sensitivity (basically, amount of compression).  The "Attack" knob, which is found on some rival compressors, has to do with the degree of "pick attack" sound you want when you first hit the note, and whether the sound comes on aggressiveness or more subtly.  But on the MXR Custom Comp, you need to remove the back plate (4 Phillips screws) and adjust the Attack know with a screwdriver.  You also need to remove the back plate to get to the battery, though I've switched to a power adapter/daisy chain (OneSpot) for my pedals anyway.  So, yes, it's an inconvenience, but with this type of effect, it's not like you would want to adjust the Attack the way you would mess with Tone or Gain on a distortion pedal.  I consider this also to be a non-issue.TONE/SOUND QUALITY - The sound quality of this effect is outstanding.  It is far more "transparent" than other pedals I've tried in terms of retaining the tonal characteristics of my guitar, but leveling everything out for a great "finishing touch".  Whereas I used to think of compression as an "effect" I would turn on for a specific type of tone, I could envision always leaving this effect on with the MXR Custom Comp.  It simply makes my underlying clean tone and other effects more manageable and better sounding.COMPARISON TO OTHER PEDALS - The toughest question to ask about the MXR Custom Comp is whether it is worth the extra money.  The top-end professional compressors (Keeley pedals, rack units, etc.) are usually north of $200, which isn't practical for a casual player.  Boss makes the CS-3 Compression Sustainer, which is the pedal I traded in for the Custom Comp.  The CS-3 is more affordable (about $50 to $75 new) and more customizable, with 4 knobs on the exterior of the pedal, adding "Attack" and "Sustain".  It definitely does the job in terms of adding sustain, and might make sense if you only want to play around with compression from time to time.  But much like with MXR's entry level compressor (The Dyna Comp in the red casing), it simply isn't up to the quality of this pedal.ADVICE - While compression doesn't "color" your guitar tone the way a distortion pedal does, it's arguably as important to your overall tone quality as any other pedal.  If you're interested in compression and want the best option at an affordable price, I recommend the Custom Comp at $100 or less on Amazon, or used on eBay, where I've seen it go for about $70 to $85.  It may not be "necessary" for everyone, but very few people who try it will come away disappointed.  Turn it on, play with the settings for a minute or two, and then leave it on and strum away.
When I do my reviews, I consider how well does the stompbox do what it does versus the price. I give the MXR Custom Comp five stars because, while it sounds nowhere near as good nor is as easy to use as a Keely, you will pay substantially less. On the other hand, it sounds better than a Boss CS-3 and is more versatile than an MXR Dyna Comp. It is also cheaper than the MXR 76 Vintage Compressor (which has no LED or AC adaptor). So, I think that the MXR Custom Comp is worth considering when shopping for a compressor. You should watch demos on YouTube and many stores sell MXR so you can try one out. If you want an inexpensive compressor with LED, AC adaptor, and a versatile sound palette, then the MXR Custom Comp is pretty good.Anyone who argues that compression does not change your tone has not fully explored the potential of a compressor. If you would like some evidence, consider a song like The Fixx "One Thing Leads to Another" which was created in part by cranking a compressor up. The manual gives three settings you might try--"Chicken Pickin'," "New Wave Reggae," and "Chime Bloom"--each of which sounds different. The MXR Custom Comp can also give you volume boost if you wish to use it for that function, and I think it does so wayyyyy better than the Boss CS-3 (which seems more apt at volume drop, you have to crank it all the way to get a boost).One problem with this compressor is that there are four control knobs, two on the exterior (Output & Sensitivity) and two in the interior (Attack & Trim). In order to set it as the manual suggests, you will have to open up the case with a screwdriver and turn the two dials inside the box. Because of that, I just set it on "New Wave Reggae" (for 80s sounds, funk, etc.) and manipulate the external controls as needed. If I was playing country, I would simply switch it to "Chicken Pickin'" and leave it. If you are playing multiple styles, I would seek a different compressor like a 4-knob Keely.A second problem with the MXR Custom Comp is noise. If you crank the Output up, it creates a buzz (in my rig) that can be taken care of with a noise gate. The Dyna Comp does the same thing, but I did not hear that as much on the Keely or Boss CS-3.I find that leaving the compressor on all the time sharpens my tone without taking it over, but at the same time I can easily vary the Sensitivity to get different tone/sustain. It can give an awful lot of bell-like sustain on clean sounds and works great with a chorus pedal.BOTTOM LINE:(1) Nice compressor for the price, especially if you want versatile sound palette, good volume boost(2) Hard to work with due to interior controls (dumb!)(3) Generates noisy signal when cranked(4) Gives sound like MXR 76 Vintage Comp with less cost, plus on/off LED & AC adaptor at cheaper price(5) Good compressor in its price range (Keely is far superior in sound but you pay for it!)(6) OK paint job, doesn't really catch my eye
