very well made of heavy metal framework.  has a very solid base.  the neoprene sleeve is thick and soft enough to protect your guitar.  the top neck clasp keeps the guitar from tipping forward and the quick release really works.  probably the best stand.
After 35 years of buying stands all I can say is that I should have invented it myself. I have many expensive guitars and I wouldn't use a inexpensive stand before I found this design. So if you're shopping and wonder if it's really good, you can trust me, because I'm way over qualified to pass judgement on this and I care about guitars and about Amazon shoppers.
Have had one for years.  Has survived many gigs and rehearsals, and many months in the trunk of my car.  Harsh environment!
After trying out a few other styles and brands, I settled on this stand, wanting something that would keep my 50s Telecaster from taking an unexpected fall. The overall design of the stand is great, but I had to return my first stand, as there were severe quality issues with the finish. There were at least 3 spots where the black finish didn't stick to the metal, and I essentially had bare metal spots sticking out. The neck portion was also sitting cockeyed about 15 degrees to the right, once it was clamped down to the main stand body. Disappointingly, the replacement unit I received also has this issue, but only about 7-10 degrees worth. I'm going to use this stand in the meantime while I try to find something of a nicer finish, and truly worthy of my guitar.
I use this stand to hold my yamaha electric guitar.It works perfectly.Super stable and doesnt take up much space.For the price I don't think it can be beat.
This does what you expect, it stands up a guitar. What can else can be said? It has a swing lever that keeps the instrument an an unfortunate accidents. It is portable, folds up easily for storage. I usually have a guitar on it all the time.
I've bought 4 of these over the past couple of years.  I wanted a stand that is pretty solid but also had a clamp to hold the guitar that I could use one handed.  It gives me piece of mind that somone won't just brush up against a guitar and damage it.  I've noticed that it has been backordered on several sites, so I expect that there are a lot of other people who really like it too.
Totally perfect for holding my guitar!  Super sturdy, easy to put in/take out!  Wide enough stance that you don't have to worry about it falling over on carpet!
This is a good stand that can be used for both electric and acoustic guitars. The upper brace has an interesting way of securing the guitar neck making it unlikely your instrument will topple over. The stand can be used with or without the upper brace. On mine, the wheel that locks the upper brace in place is not as locking as I'd like it to be. Also, the &#34;feet&#34; don't spread as wide apart as I'd hoped. A few more inches would have been appreciated. All in all, a good but not &#34;perfect&#34; stand.
I don't like that I have to continually tighten the knob at the back of the stand to keep the neck rest from tilting or moving and eventually falling down. The solution? Tighten the crap out of it with a wrench until you get it very snug and it won't budge.
