I am a tone freak. I bought this pedal a while back under the impression that it would sound equal to a big muff. At the time i had never owned a big muff. I thought the sound it produced was big muff sound. I later took it to my friends house and matched settings with a real big muff. The difference was huge. The big muff sounded fuller where the little one sounded like you just took the sound and trapped it in a little box. I later bought a big muff and its been one of my go to pedals for at least three years of gigging. I am currently loving it still but i am curious about the nano big muff because i am looking to clear out space on my board but i will probably not use it if it sounds anything less than the real deal. I would only use the little big muff if my concerns for sound were out shined by the need to minimize board space
Consider the distortion sound of Cream, the Doors, and ZZ top.  That buzzy, psychedelic type sound is what this pedal does.  Unfortunately, that's about all it does.  However, if you want to have the perfect "break on through" guitar intro sound, this is absolutely the pedal for you.  Quality-wise it's awesome, and if I needed that sound I would definitely own one again.  I got rid of mine to purchase some other gear that served a wider variety of functions, and honestly I haven't missed it, because I'm not in a Doors cover band or anything.
If you're not familiar with EHX's signature distortion/fuzz pedal the Big Muff, please go to a guitar shop somewhere and try one out.  Describing its sound with words helps, but doesn't really do it justice.  It definitely owns its own sonic territory and after playing through one for a while you'll see why so many guitarists of so many fields have one on hand.They're one of my very favorite effects, honestly.  So for this review, I'm going to focus more on how the Little Big Muff stacks up against the other models.For starters, this version takes care of ALL of the common complaints regarding the NYC reissue.1.  Its true bypass.2.  Its much smaller (not super tiny like a Boss, but a little slimmer than, say, the wider MXR pedals like the Phase 100).3.  It uses a normal 9v adapter jack (thank you, finally!).4.  It sounds better.Yes, it indeed SOUNDS better than the NY Reissue.  Some have complained about the buzzy sound the recent reissue has.  This one is smoother.  Not as creamy as the Russians, but it also doesn't suck tone like that one does either.  Its a touch higher gain than both the Russians and the Tone Wicker versions, but all in all it absolutely is a Big Muff.So if you're in the market for one of these, and you don't want the options the Tone Wicker Muff provides, this is absolutely where its at.  Its better in every way than the NY Reissue.Also, it costs less money! Yay!
This is a well built, and high quality product. It provides great sustain and distortion. If you're on a budget, but still want professional sound; this product is what you're looking for.
The Little Big Muff does one thing spectacularly well: it delivers massive fuzz-plus-sustain. For that purpose, it's excellent, both in sound and construction (it feels like a metal brick). However, be warned: if you're looking for a standard "distortion pedal," this is not it. It's a fuzz pedal. It delivers ferocious fuzz but is not a general purpose distortion pedal (like, say, a BOSS DS-1). If a great fuzz pedal is what you want, this is a superb choice--and, so far as I know, the best one for its price. If the price is still too much for you, consider the ModTone Fuzzer, which is about as good but substantially cheaper (at least as I write this).
I own several Electro-Harmonix pedals and overall I like the brand (even though the owner appears to me to be a sexist pig clown boy in many of his YouTube videos). Of those I own, two of them are the smaller versions of the GIGANTOR classic E-H pedals, one of them being the Little Big Muff.First of all, if you have no idea of the difference between fuzz, overdrive, and distortion you should look into it before you buy anything. These effects are used in different musical styles and produce different sounds, so your choice will depend on what exactly you plan to do. Do some research by looking on YouTube, looking at Dave Hunter's book on effects, and testing them out at a store.If you are looking for a basic fuzz box, the Little Big Muff will give you nice sound similar to (if not the same) as that of the Big Muff Pi, depending on the exact year/model you have. I think the tone is great, but as with most basic fuzz boxes, there are only so many different sounds that you can get out of them. It is simple to use though, and it makes a lot of noise.As a bonus, these don't take up a lot of pedalboard space compared to the Big Muff Pi, yet will give the same tone. It is great for punk, alt rock/grunge, and classic hard rock like Hendrix and Black Sabbath.I also have a germanium (red) Dunlop Fuzz Face Mini, another good small version of one of the classics, and the Fuzz Face mini that gives you the most low end emphasis of the three (the blue silicon and aqua Hendrix models boost treble more). To quickly compare it to the Little Big Muff regarding sound, the Fuzz Face does not have a tone control, but I think it gives a better control over the fuzz saturation. While the Little Big Muff will give you more control over the tone (EQ), like many EHX pedals it goes from zero to crazy rather quickly. In this case when you begin turning the Sustain, it is not long before you are in very fuzz saturated zone. As you increase the amount of saturation, you get more sustain but less control of the dynamics so all your pick attacks begin to sound the same. So, I'd say while both the red Dunlop Fuzz Face Mini & the Little Big Muff are good tools, each comes with its own disadvantages.Though some E-H units come with power supply, this one does not and you will need to get one unless you like changing batteries. Although few pedals come with power supplies, I think its lame not to include them and you will need to factor it into the cost of the unit.If you are into looking at pretty pedals on your board, then you might be able to find a prettier fuzz box than the stark and dreary industrial-looking Little Big Muff. I like pretty things, but the sound of this unit is too good to pass up and it is a great tool to have in your kit.Bottom line:(1) Gives the classic Big Muff fuzz sound(2) Does not eat up pedalboard space like the old GIGANTOR models(3) Noisy (not always in a good way) when on, but has true bypass when off(4) Has tone control (EQ), but the "Sustain" saturates very quickly so you get less fuzz control (limits dynamic control of your picking)(4) Simple to use, but limited sound palette(5) Decent price, but power supply sold separately(6) Bleak appearance (not shiny, colorful, or sparkly)
