I love this tuner! Its awesome to use and efficient! The only thing I wonder about sometimes is how accurate they actually are. To my ear it sounds good but you never know???
This is my new favorite tuner. Not only can you just clip it to the head of your guitar and leave it there permanently, it works like a champ. I don't mean that it works, I mean that it works better than any of my other tuners. It is SUPER tight. It recognizes pitch differences that my ear can't, leaving a better tune than my RP255 or any of the old cheap korg tuners and the like I've got laying around.I plan on buying these for all my guitars.
this tuner works great.  it is easy to see and accurate for basic guitar tuning.  I use mine all the time between different alternative tunings.  I liked it so much, I bought one for my grandson who is learning to play guitar as well.  a great investment unless you have a perfect ear.
I purchased two Fender instruments, a mandolin and an acoustic guitar, each of which came with a Fender clamp-on tuner with similar functionality, but I thought to give the Snark a try. I haven't used the sound versus vibration mode much, nor have I done much with the metronome function much--I can't speak to them; however, I am very pleased with the vibration tuning. Compared to the Fender, both will get your strings tuned well; what I like better about the Snark is there is a almost no dwell from the last note stuck before the next note registers. With the Fender, I feel I have to wait a few seconds for the screen to clear before striking again, and that adds up when moving from string to string.  The Snark is bulkier in the soft gig bag; the trade-off is any easy-to-read display. Lately, it's become my go-to tuner.
This is not just a tuner - its a peacekeeper for our band.  Arguing over tuning can really take up time.  It works so good everyone in our acoustic string band is required to have one attached!  I do kind of miss the fights over who's in tune and who's flat, though.  Excellent product, though the metronome is of no value, but that's not important.  We use it for guitars, violins, violas, cello, bass guitar, voice training, and ordering pizza (who ever is out of tune pays the pizza bill).
