This is the most I've ever spent on a guitar strap. But I have to say it's well worth the price. Very comfortable and looks great too!
I don't play with a guitar below my waist. I am six feet tall. While very well made, wide, comfortable and good looking, this sling was far too short and had to be returned.
**So after reading a couple comments on this review it's obvious that my original review was somewhat irrelevant being that I was using the strap for the wrong application.  According to the first comment and verified from their companies website(which I should have done before buying) the strap is meant for a bass guitar.  Please don't purchase this thinking it will work for a standard acoustic or probably even an acoustic bass.  Amazon should have clarified in their item description.  Thanks for the comments educating me and sorry for the misleading review.**I'm not a very tall person and this strap is just incredibly short.  I currently own two other leather straps and they have the potential to be lengthened so that my acoustic would hang down by my waist or so, even though I usually play it about midway on my torso.  I don't NEED my straps to be super long but this thing makes it hard to even put the guitar on.  It just feels a little tight and crammed when I wear it.  I'll probably end up adding a string at one end just to give myself an extra 4 inches or so.  The leather itself isn't a bad quality, but it's not the finest.  I'd suggest dropping an extra $20 or so and getting a very high quality strap.**I just wanted to clarify that I was reviewing this product in regards to my acoustic guitar.  I have read some other reviews and it seems that those using it for an electric guitar have no complaints, but being that my acoustic is a good 2-3 times as thick as an electric, it does not serve my needs.
Excellent strap for the money. The leather is thick and supple. In fact the materials are so thick, that it can be a little tricky to get the adjustment tail setup.A note about length- Some might find the standard Levy's strap length too short, so be aware what you need and note there are XL versions of these. For me, many straps on the market in this price range are just too long for me, including those from Franklin, Dunlop (BMF wide), and Mono (even the short model was about an inch too long). I'm a bass player and when standing, I prefer my bass to be at or just above waist height. A few basses, I prefer higher. I'd suggest if you have a strap which places your instrument where you are most comfortable, measure button hole to button hole and be sure you're ordering the right length.
I used to have a regular guitar strap on my bass, but when I got a regular weekly bass gig and was using it more often, it started to feel like the strap was digging into my shoulder. Your mileage may vary on that, but I decided it was time to check out a wider strap that was actually intended for a bass.I read a lot of reviews and decided on this one -- some of the cheaper leather straps were described as stiff and uncomfortable, but this one was usually reviewed well. It was the perfect choice. This strap needs no wearing-in -- it's supple and soft right out of the box. The leather on top is smooth and classy looking, and the suede underneath is comfortable and soft, with good friction that helps it stay put on your shoulder. The wider strap distributes the weight of a bass better, and there is some cushioning between the two layers of leather that also helps. All of this adds up to a great deal of comfort.I use Dunlop strap locks on my instruments, and with a thicker strap like this, I had some concerns about getting them on there, but with a flat head screwdriver and a little bit of encouragement you can put strap locks on this strap, no problem.I would highly recommend this strap for any bass player, or even someone with an especially heavy guitar.
I bought this because someone told me they really liked it...but it's just not a good product...for me anyways.I bought this to help disperse some of the weight of my Les Paul on my shoulder.  The problem is, the thick part of this strap is made too short so if I bring the neck of the guitar up to my shoulder at all, the weight of the guitar is now on the skinny part of the strap.The leather feels a bit cheap as well...you get what you pay for.I guess the strap is ok if you play with the guitar in one position...yippeee!I'll probably have to break-down and pay $100 for a real strap.
Straps don't get any better than this.  Super leather, very well put-together.  Perhaps a bit wide, but i play short sets.  For the gigging pro, I think the width is an advantage in spreading out the weight.  excellent, just excellent.
