works as it shoukd, better instructions could come with it with a larger size text. also how to open to replace battery as well as the specs on the battery are lacking.
I've had two of these tuners, and they do a fine job as far as I can tell.  I lost one, and had to buy another one.  I also bought a much more expensive tuner, and I cannot see that it does a better job than this one.  I bought my first tuner like this one about 3 years ago, and the rubber pads kept falling off, but I have not had that problem with my new one.
Before I bought this I had to use a tuner on my laptop. Now I just clip it on to my ukulele and tune it in a matter of seconds. I also really like how it senses the vibrations from the instrument. It doesn't matter how much noise there is in the room, it still tunes perfectly every time.
I own several tuners, and two Snark-2 tuners, which are great (except they're not low profile like theKorg Pitchclip Chromatic Clip On Guitar Tuner - Korg PC-1--please see my review of that tuner).So, since I needed another tuner for my ukulele, I ordered this time a Snark-6.  This one says, specifically, for a ukulele.  I wanted to try it compared to the Snark-2Snark SN-2 All Instrument Clip-On Chromatic TunerThe Snark-6 and Snark-2 are identical, except for color.  The Uke tuner here is gloss black, and the Snark-2 is matte red.  Otherwise, the size of the dial/face, the clip itself is precisely the same.  So, there's nothing more ukulele relevant about the 6 versus the 2.  The tuning is chromatic, so it's good for any specific instrument (mandolin, guitar, uke, banjo, etc.).So, choose whichever color you prefer, and go for it.  Sweet tuner.  Superb graphics on the dial, colorful accurate, and inexpensive (but not "cheap" build, like the Korg).  Highly recommended tuner.
I love this tuner. I feel its more accurate that the old one I have that was given to me. I will always buy Snark tuners. They are very sensitive so I feel that my instrument is in truer tune.
I bought this to use primarily with my newly bought Ukulele, but it also works perfectly to tune my old acoustic guitar too. The display is large and clear and the reading is extremely accurate. I wish I'd bought one of these years ago instead of tuning my stringed instruments manually "by ear". Until now I'd assumed I tuned my instruments perfectly well, but this unit proved me wrong - both my Uke and guitar sound better after being fine tuned with this.This little gadget saves time, improves tuning accuracy and is absolutely perfect for the job it is designed for.It comes supplied with a CR2032 battery and a basic protective bag to keep it in when not in use.
I have use this tuner for quite a few years . its easy to use-- clip it on and go.. I just bought 8 of them for christmas presents for all my friends that play guitar or Mandolin. The price was good see ya
Snark tuners are great! They are very accurate and are very inexpensive. I have now four of them so I can keep one in each guitar case and one for the uke!
I use this for my uke, my 12 string acoustic, a parlor guitar, and my trusty Taylor. Easy to use, very accurate, highly recommended.
There is almost no difference between this and the Snark SN-1, and by that I mean the design flaws. You have to constantly adjust the neck to get a reading, and they eat batteries like crazy. The Snark SN-8 is far superior.
Extremely easy to use. tunes my soprano and baritone ukelele perfectly! Have used it several times and first battery still has juice.
This is accurate and can be used for many different purposes, It is durable and can be used while playing.
Works like it's supposed to.  Although I should have just got the universal instrument tuner.  This one only tunes in the uke keys.
Been using the snark tuners for while now... Functions perfectly.. Only problem I have is it is small enough that I have trouble finding it sometime... So, I have just started leaving it on the instrument and buying others to do the same...
Anyone who cares to take the time to look at my other reviews will see that I am not fond of the Snark displays.  I prefer the "needle" type because it's symmetric above and below center while the Snark has red turning off when flat and gold turning on when sharp.  However, that's me and YMMV, as they say on the Internet.Don't ask, then, why I got a SN-6.  I don't smoke, drink, or womanize, the unit is cheap, the money's got to go somewhere, and I like to play with accessories.I am fond of saying that it doesn't matter which type of tuner you use because they've pretty much become a commodity.  They all tune well with the same accuracy, so it comes down to looks and price.Well, that's not *quite* true.  Some models suffer fits in certain situations.  The rapid fall of the old Intellitouch was, in my mind, not due to price as much as its inability to deal with the low E string on a Martin dreadnought.  A web search will reveal countless workarounds.  I (and the rest of the world, apparently) buy a tuner to tune, not work around.Lately, I've become enamored of theKala KA-UBASSFS Solid Mahogany U-BASS - Fretted.  If you want a tuning challenge, the low bass E string is it.  The SN-6 hardly hiccups.  Other tuners seem to do "okay" but require a little coaxing.  Not the SN-6! That's 5 stars in my book!
This little tuner works fine but the little rubber foot keeps coming off.  It works without it, but things things like that putt me nuts.
The Snark is great. I have 2 for my 4 ukuleles (so I can always find one),and a 3rd for my guitar. It's not just a UKE tuner. LOVE THEM! And, gavemy grandson a shock-blue one to go with his American Flag painted uke.
Works great and easy to use.  It also seems to be very accurate.  Definitely worth the money!! (Should also work for any stringed instrument)
I'VE ALWAYS TUNED MY UKULELES BY EAR.  NO PROBLEM.  BUT I RECENTLY BOUGHT A SOPRANO UKULELE FOR MY GREAT NIECE AND KNEW I  COULDN'T ALWAYS BE THERE TO TUNE IT FOR HER.  I WAS LEARY ABOUT THE USE OF THE SNARK DESPITE READING MANY FAVORABLE REVIEWS PRAISING IT.  BUT I'M NOW A CONVINCED SNARK USER..  SO SIMPLE.  SO EASY TO USE.  SO ACCURATE.  SO LIGHT.  PLUCK A STRING AND TUNE IT TO THE DIAL, AND EUREKA .-  SUCCESS.  BUY ONE - YOU'LL LIKE IT.
This is my third Snark tuner, I keep giving them away to people who think they can tune by ear. I use it on all my stringed instruments, (Haven't tried it on a base) This tuner is easy to attach and read, and the price is great, I have spent 60 bucks on tuners that do not function as well.
I ordered the Hola! and the Snark SN-6 to preview for my senior adult ukulele players at church.  I've spent the last week or so tuning a large group of 20 or so ukuleles twice a day to allow them to &#34;settle in&#34;.  I've used both of these similarly priced tuners and have found them both to be excellent.  I can't really tell any difference in the accuracy of either one.  They are both contact tuners, meaning that they pick up the vibration of the instrument rather than relying on an external microphone.The Hola! is definitely the best choice of the two in that it's more versatile, easier to use, more durable looking, and easier to store.  The Hola! lies virtually flat and takes up less space in every dimension than the snark.  It comes in a plastic sales container that can be reused to offer further protection if you feel the need.  The Snark's curved display arm (which you can't really see in the photo) is slightly more delicate looking, in addition to the fact that it extrudes farther.  I found the Hola! display to be bigger, brighter and generally easier to read.  Honestly, most of these differences are minor especially when considering how inexpensive these tuners are.  The really important difference is the &#34;tuning mode&#34; feature on the Hola!.Hola! offers very simple operation with one button for power and for switching between its 4 modes of function.  You can select &#34;chromatic&#34;, &#34;guitar&#34;, &#34;bass&#34; and &#34;ukulele&#34; modes by briefly pressing the power button (as opposed to a long-press for power on/off).  This is an especially important feature if the user is not an experienced and knowledgeable musician.  Imagine trying to tune with a an 88-key piano if you don't know anything about the notes on the piano.  &#34;Ukulele&#34; mode is like using a piano with only 4 notes.  Use &#34;chromatic&#34; to tune your uke differently than standard or tune other instruments.The snark *is* superior in it's rotating display which can be turned and rotated in almost any direction.  If turning your head *at all* is a deal-breaker, get the Snark.  I found the Hola!'s display to be more than sufficient.  I'm currently using the snark on my guitar.The Snark comes with a baggy and a reclosable, cardboard box.  I have no problem with it, but the Hola! stores better.  I don't really see this as a true ukulele tuner without a &#34;ukulele&#34; setting.  It's a chromatic tuner.  It very well may be sized differently from their other models to fit better on ukuleles.  Other than that, I'm not quite sure what makes it specifically a &#34;Ukulele tuner&#34;.
If you have a ukulele you know (or may not know) that it needs constant tuning especially with new strings. This little gadget does the trick. I was pleased to see that it is a no brainer to use and since it clips to the head it is there when you need it between songs.You will not go wrong with this purchase and I am sure you will love it better than trying the &#34;my dog has fleas&#34; tuning method.Oh yea, it does not just limit you to the basic notes for the uke but will tell you sharp and flat notes too!Now put that order in!
These are great little tuners!  You can leave them clamped on your instrument and make spot adjustments on the fly, which is especially helpful when you're breaking in strings or any time.  I've played guitar a long time and ukulele is fairly recent, and it seems that maybe their shorter strings are somehow more susceptible to influences like temperature fluctuation or just vigorous strumming.SO, these are perfect accompanists for your virtuosic efforts.
I bought one for my tenor and a different brand for my soprano Ukulele,,  I found I like the snark better for the dollar more in cost..  the other has multi use ( bass, chord, ukulele ) and seemed cheap,  I liked the snark so much I bought this one for my concert ukulele,,  you might ask, Huh  why one for each ukulele,  if you play,, then the answer is simple, for 10 bucks I do not have to hassle swapping tuners out,, and can just grab my ukulele and go.
It's easy to use and is definitely needed for a new string musician. Good quality and ensures you are playing the chords correctly.
I personally own two of these Snarks and I've seen several others among my friends.  They're great, easy-to-read and easy-to-use tuners that are surprisingly cheap.However, half of the Snarks I've come into contact with have broken within a few weeks.  One of mine broke after about 2 weeks of very light usage.  The screen is SUPER faint.  It's still tuning and displaying but without any back lighting.  This also happened to two of my friend's Snarks.My other Snark is still going strong.  I'd still recommend them for non-critical applications just for the price and ease of use.  However, these definitely aren't reliable gig-worthy tuners.  They're just so cheap it's easy to buy multiple Snarks and cover all of your guitars.
This little gem is worth it's weight in gold!  So easy to tune with it.  We have used it seemingly zillions of times and the battery is still going strong.  Automatic  shut-off helps too.
