Classic TubeScreamer tone at 1/4 the price..what's not to love? One of my most used pedals, great for over driving a clean tone amp.  I'd definitely buy it again.  Construction isn't great but at $40 who cares
A dull, inept version of a TubeScreamer. Just sounds flat and boring. Not very inspiring. At all. (Then again, I never did really like TS's).......
Been playing for 30 years and I have used tube screamers extensively. As some of the other reviewers have noted this is basically a tube screamer clone without the annoying midrange hump which some people complain about.  It is reasonably quiet and is built with reasonably good components.  Most importantly it sounds quite good especially when you take into account that it cost a bit over 30 dollars. Are there better tube screamer clones out there? Probably but for the price you  will not find a better unit.  Build sturdy, I would gig with this without hesitation.I hate to leave this review because I know the prices will go up on the joyo stuff as more people are tuned into these products. Great pedal. Great value.
Really wanted to like this one, because I loved the price. There is no way this is true bypass. The one I got was defective out of the box, and so when I checked, I saw the circuitry did not support pass through.  Maybe it is because I received a defective one, but I still wouldn't try this brand name. I am now stuck saving up for a Full Tone or something.
This is a lot of overdrive goodness for not a lot of money.  Mine has the older paintjob with the monkey on it, which makes it sound infinitely better IMHO lol.  This is intended to be used with a tube amp to achieve breakup and it does that job very nicely. Those seeking brutalzz should look elsewhere.  You can't blame a chicken for not quacking properly.  It plays nicely with other pedals and can be used to boost another dirtbox for when you've reached the part of Freebird that we've all been waiting for. The build quality is decent for the price and it claims true bypass thought I haven't looked under the hood.  Regardless of whether it's 'TRUE' or 'buffered', it doesn't color my sound when it's off.  Truth be told, I kind of prefer my Behringer TO800 tonewise- more of a personal preferance in the way I prefer Pepsi to Coke but still drink both - but the TO800 pedal isn't true bypass and the build is much more flimsy on that one. I think that if you are addicted to OD/FUZZ boxes like I am you should grab one of these for your toolbox.  If you aren't a hoarder of dirtboxes but you are just looking for a very nice tubescreamer on the cheap you can't go wrong with this one.  You can handpaint the cover with an owl or whatnot and tell your cork-sniffer bandmates that you spent an arm and a leg on it.  They will be none the wiser.  I think enough of this pedal/company that I just ordered the JF-02 OCD clone and will probably grab the Octive Fuzz when my wife isn't looking - though if one more pedal comes into the house this month I may be strangled in my sleep !
30 bucks is better than 179 for the tube screamer from Ibanez and the sound is very similar based on youtube.  I use this on the clean channel of my Bugera V22 tube amp and it makes my guitars sound like they should.  Awesome with my LTD VC-401 with 59 and JB pickups.
Yep, I said it, BETTER than a Tubescreamer.This pedal has a wider gain range, far wider tone range and is much quieter than my mid 80s 'screamer.The only thing it seems to lack is the &#34;smooth creaminess&#34; of an old 808, but I can easily live with that..This is an amazing TS clone, and for the price, cant be beat.
I'm no audiophile but this thing is just as good as my BBE Green Screamer. It's perfect and I would suggest getting one before the cost goes up.
I honestly was not impressed. It looked Cheap, sounded cheap, what else is there to say, you get what you pay for!!! Another Chinese copy of a tubescreamer,
I don't know if it lives up to all the hype and mystical powers of the all-mighty vintage tube screamers of Ibanez, but it is an exact clone including the same component values, potentiometers, ICs (JRC), etc.For proof that it is exactly the same, I was able to modify it for different frequency response (corner frequency), and add asymmetrical clipping with the exact same components in exactly the same spot in the circuit as seen in TS9 mods. Of course the board is layed out a little differently.The only reason I gave it 4 (really 4.5) stars was because it does produce some noticeable noise (hiss) at higher gains, but this is expected given the boosting stage acts like a high pass filter (this gives it the characteristic mid-range boost). It can be cut with the tone control, but it also may have been due to a poorly shielded amplifier, and or a one-spot power adapter.
If you need an 808 Clone on the Cheap this is your pedal. Don't be fooled though, it does not school the classic Tube Screamer but it holds its own. This was a main staple on my pedalboard until I found a great deal on a Bad Monkey and then sadly it came off. I was not looking to replace it at the time, it just happened the Bad Money did what I needed it to do better.I recommend this pedal to everyone and anyone who needs an 808 but has the budget of your average gigging musician :).Maxon 808 $150.00Ibanez TS9 $100Joyo Vintage OD $50
This is a really nice, sturdy pedal with a really warm tone. I have a Marshall MG15CFX solid state amp. This pedal sounds really good on the clean channel, but you can hear that it is not designed for a solid state dirty channel. It has given me another tool in my toolbox and basically added a 5th channel to my 4 channel Marshall. Great classic rock 70's tone! It responds really well to my pick attack. You really can't go wrong for the money.
I agree with the others here, this joyo is just a plain and simple OD just like so many others but at a fraction of the price. I put my pedals through three tests, 1) playing alone, 2) Playing at rehearsal, and 3) gigs. This thing stands up nicely on all three. Using it with Am Sp Tele, Hiway 1 Strat, Squier 51, Epi LP Spec w/p/90 and Fender BJ, Peavey Classic 30/50. Sounds amazing in any combo. Giggin musician for over 20 years for what its worth.
outstanding pedal and an outstanding company to deal with (hossen). the pedal is everything i expected from it ..and a little more. Good crunch, nice light distortion when you want it, and it is not at all midrange sounding like a tube screamer. A definite improvement on a classic stompbox. Nice work Joyo and hossen for making me a happier guitarist.
In my opinion, this thing is well worth the price. Gives great overdriven tube amp sound / versatile for 95% of music - not for bone-crushing metal. The knobs work fine but do not seem to roll-off or not very sensitive / precise. . . full range achieved from 6 to noon.
I swear this sound just ass good if not slightly better then my ole ts-9 tube screamer. You wont regret this purchase
Awesome pedal, I love the joyo pedals, they don't break the bank and sound awesome. Glad I bought this pedal
I wanted to add to my pedal arsenal, but I didn't have the big bucks to spend on a Tube Screamer. So, I took a chance on this little stomp-box from China.  It compares itself to the TS, right on the box, and for good reason.  They use the same chip. More importantly, the construction is solid, good looking, and takes up minimal pedal-board space.  The on-off switch seems a little chintzy, but the tone that comes out of this thing is awesome. I only found that out after replacing the dead battery that it comes with, and plugging in to a power supply (not provided with unit).  It turned my partscaster into a blues making machine. It's responds well to your technique, and you can make it so funky, you can smell it!  It truly does have true bypass, and logical controls.  I don't have A TS to make direct comparisons, but for the money, this little pedal gives me exactly the tone I want.  And I saved about 70 or 80 bucks.  Ba-Da Bing!
There is no shortage of "Tubescreamer clones" on the market for guitarists in search of that warm overdriven tube sound perfect for blues, jazz, and rock.  The DigiTech Bad Monkey is one such example.  But the Chinese-made Joyo JF-01 Vintage Distortion just be the best, and it's half the price of a TS-9.About the manufacturer - Joyo hit the market a couple of years back and has now released about a couple dozen pedals that utilize their own form factor (very similar to an MXR in size and switch) but "cloning" the circuitry of well-known classic and modern boutique effects pedals.  Some people jump to conclusions about Chinese products, but don't just take it from me - do your homework.  The response to these pedals has been overwhelmingly positive, and there are great vendors/distributors within the U.S. that test them out and can ship them to you within a few days.  I'm definitely a fan of Joyo products.As for the "Vintage Distortion" itself, people have said it's based on either a TS-9 or the (more expensive) TS-808.  Frankly, while the latter is apparently warmer (and less mid-range heavy) than the former, I'm not sure there's any significant difference.  I played this JF-01 side by side with my TS-9, and it's probably one of the more exact "clones" in the Joyo lineup.  For example, the Joyo "Ultimate Drive" is an excellent (higher-gain) overdrive pedal based on a Fulltone OCD, but you can still notice differences in the resulting sound and settings required to get there (some of which are arguably BETTER than the original).  With the settings matched, the JF-01 performed almost exactly like the TS-9 in level, gain, and tone.  There probably is little more gain available on this pedal with that knob cranked full, which isn't a bad thing.  It's very responsive to your playing style and, again, it sounds like a Tubescreamer.I'll probably be keeping my Tubescreamer, if only because it's an iconic pedal that performs well.  But it's superior in name only - if I had to use the Joyo Vintage Overdrive in its place, I'd be no worse for the wear.  5 stars, highly recommended!
The issue isn't whether it sounds exactly like a &#34;Tube Screamer&#34;, the issue (for me at least) is, does it sound good? Is it musical? Does it sound like an overdriven amp?I say it does. It sounds great for blues and rock. I've only had it for a couple weeks and I hope that it continues to work well for a long time. I've heard that these can be fragile, but I'm pretty gentle with my gear. If it breaks, I'll post about it.
