Firm picking surface but flexible body so feels a bit more natural than a rigid pick. They are slightly larger than a normal dunlop pick but much the contoured body makes it much easier easy to hold, I can play all night without dropping it.
Depending on where you hold it the stiffness changes.  That comes in handy.  They make another version which is less pointy...I like that one a little bit better.
Elderly pickers like me fumble conventional picks onto the floor, particularly when the skin is dry during winter. The grip material molded onto these picks goes a long way toward preventing that. The material used for the core gives a slightly softer tone than the Fender mediums I have used for 50 years. I like the graduated feel these picks have, with a slight give in the center, allowing the player to vary the pick attack between strumming and picking single notes.
These are good picks,  I've tried all the other gel pick's and plastic pick's,  The gel pick's  come close,But these are great, Because I have Dexterity Problem's, and the plastic/rubber grip Is perfect............I do still have a little Trouble with controlled the pick and droping the pick  but they definitely do help.I def Do recommend these to anyone who was deceased/bad dexterity.
These picks seem well made and have a solid feel, but I'm not sure I like the sound of them.  Like so many other guitarists, I go through a lot of picks, searching for what feels and sounds the best for what I do.  I don't this is it for me--at least not on acoustic.  Whatever I didn't like about them got drowned out when I tried electric.  Since I've been playing more acoustic lately, I might or might not buy these again.
I used to think a pick was a pick, with the only difference being stiffness. (I should say that I prefer picks of medium stiffness). The only problems I had with "regular" picks was: (1) them slipping in my hand (turning around), (2) out of my hand (on the floor), and, of course, (3) breaking. I decided to give the Dava picks a try. I bought a pack of the "jazz" picks and a pack of these "grip tips". I really thought I'd like the jazz picks better: that they would be easier to grip and more like a regular pick. But, after trying them both, I find these (the grip trips) are now my "pick of choice". They fit my grip perfectly, stay put in my hand, and give me maximum control when I play, whether it's lead or rhythm. I have yet to break one. I'm mainly buying another set because I've given a few away for people to try and I want to have plenty readily available. I like to leave picks laying around my house at various optimum locations, so whenever I pick up a guitar to play, I've got one close by (also always keep a spare in my wallet). Bottom line is, for me at least, these picks are tops! Sure I can still use a regular pick when that's all that's available. But why not use the best when I can???Update: Been using these picks for a year since my first review. Still love them. Still have yet to break one (and I can be an aggressive strummer). The only reason I need to buy more: I lose them. I have to admit they are a bit pricey, compared to other picks. But for me, they are still tops. Which is why I'm buying another half dozen.
I have tons of picks and these are well made and easy for me to hold in my hand without slipping around too much.
I absolutely LOVE these picks. Grips really well in your hand, plays like a dream. I just wish more came in the pack. I would HIGHLY recommend these to anyone if they want some great picks.
These look so neat that my brother and I both unknowingly ordered these for each other as gifts last Christmas. Unfortunately they feel too chunky to use and the colored tip grips the strings in an unfortunate way making it difficult to play.
Dava picks are one of life's guilty little pleasures. They may seem pricey for picks, but they're still not that expensive. I bought this batch of picks when I realized my Davas from three years back were all gone.I use these to play slide. I also have Fender and Musician's Friend picks, but those are just the standard flat stamped-out pieces of plastic. The Davas offer a much better grip and a greater sense of control. And they just plain feel good to use. The other picks have more of a tendency to slip and slide, but with Dava you get a great grip.
I have been playing guitar off/on for about 30 years. I have always used whatever cheap picks I could find laying around or snagged from music shops -- the free ones they give you when you try out a guitar in the shop :) Always Medium gauge, for both acoustic and electric. I decided to try these Dava 1303's because they were cheap and looked cool, wasn't expecting much, I mean, a pick is a pick, right? Wrong. These little guys have a fantastic "feel" to them; they seem to get in between the strings so effortlessly for flat picking. It's crazy but that is what I am experiencing. They are maybe a bit on the thin side, but not overly so, I got used to them quick. Plenty stiff enough for enthusiastic strumming or picking. Tone-wise, they produce a nice, crisp, slightly metallic string sound which I rather like. I recorded some with them today and it was perhaps a bit on the loud side with regards to the audible pick attack on the strings on the acoustic (a Breedlove C25). But not bad and I was using a sensitive Rode condenser. Haven't played much with them on my electric yet (customized Fender Stratocaster) but I'm sure they will be fine there as well. I like these picks a LOT and am ordering a dozen more to keep around. Good stuff.
