Nice thumbpicks for banjo. They are size large, so if you generally have a very large hand they will be tight on you. I have a larger hand and they work well, but they are about a micrometer away from being too snug. But I like them a lot. Would also work fine with acoustic guitar picking if that's whay you're into (though I always preferred acoustic picking without a thumbpick).
I really like this thumb pick  The only thing I dispute is that this may be a large (for a girl) but NO WAY is it a large for a man.  I think a guy may have a problem wearing this comfortably.  So, Ladies!  This is a good purchase...not so much for a guy.
Others that reviewed this Item I read before purchase, noted it is not &#34;Large&#34; and the picks have to be warmed and shaped to fit your thumb. I also found in original &#34;Large&#34; size, The curve of the pick will cut into your thumb from improper shaping and being too small for the average American man. I am still in the process of shaping all 5, but otherwise they appear sturdy and I haven't broken more than one of similar type in several years. I expect the pick to wear down from use. They appear to be about the same quality as Indigo brand, but not shaped as well for the average player.
These are fine but didn't fit well; but they are a quality product. In my case, I actually needed medium or small to fit tight.
I've used thumb picks for over forty years on a variety of acoustic guitars.  My thumb nail can't pluck the strings when I damp them with the heel of my hand.  These are adequate in the sense that you can strike the strings with them and they stay on.  They have a dullish sound compared to my favorite, the long gone National clear thumb pick or the current Dunlop clear.  I like the sound of the Ernie Ball thin celluloid picks but they aren't strong enough to grip my thumb.  The major problem with these is they aren't large.  They're like most other brands' medium.  My thumbs aren't Tom Robbins huge, but my hands are bigger than average.  These picks cut off the circulation in my thumb if I use them for more than fifteen minutes or so.  I think I could brighten up the sound by sanding them down, but that's a lot of work for something this cheap.Don't buy these if you have a large thumb.  If you like a less bright sound, and some people do, and have a medium sized thumb, these might work well for you.
I like these, nice tortoise look with planet wave logo is nice, they have more flex than most which I also find suits me.They ride a little higher for me, which I also like, but if you like low, let's say midway across cuticle, may find a bit pinchy?  But I find the gauge suits me great and overall comfort is good, for my average thumb size.
I have an unusually wide and fat thumb, and though tight at first, all of them got comfortable after an hour of playing (each). No complaints
Ordered these large picks and like others mentioned, they are not large at all. I have average size hands and thumbs and the pick initially numbed my thumb in about twenty seconds it was so tight. I solved the problem by simply holding a Bic lighter flame about a half inch away from the heel of the pick for just about three seconds. I could feel the celluloid loosen up quickly. It was just a matter of pulling the pick open just a bit. It's actually easy to completely customize the size and shape of the picks with just a few seconds of heat. The picks fit fine now, and I didn't even need to place &#34;foreign&#34; objects into the microwave to do it.Any questions just feel free to ask and I will answer best I can. Thanks.SPO
they are nice sometimes but not as comfortable the rest of the time. they are cheap and do exactly what they are supposed to do.
I did get 5 thumb picks in my order (a previous reviewer mentioned only getting 4), and I always really liked the classic turtle-shell look (far more purty-like than the plain, thick white of Nationals and others).  But these are large? And, yes, I double checked the packaging to ensure I was shipped large. The National mediums I was using before had a looser fit -boggle-.  But nevertheless, the Planet Waves' far tighter fit actually feel better than the National mediums, which certainly had a clunky sensation; there is probably a small weight difference between the two that would explain the overall feeling of quicker movement while having good solid interactions on the strings.  All in all, 4 stars.  Still... these were a large?  Hate to see how the mediums fit.
