Like many here the case could be an inch bigger.  For my Ibanez 510  I cut the bottom material along the edge against the side wall enough to take out the bottom foam and then put the material back.  Now mine closes without pressure on the bridge.
We have my grandpa's really old Mandolin now, so my dad and I wanted a nice case for our 70 year old mandolin. I saw this case and thought that maybe it would work. Well it works just fine, the mandolin is a little bit more deep than the case but it still works and closes well.Now the mandolin is in this case and hopefully will keep lasting in there!
I couldn't believe that a hardshell mandolin case even existed for this price. Especially given what I paid for it, this case is unbelievable... velvety cushioning inside, heavy-duty outside, and a little compartment for picks or capos (I can't fit much else in there but I don't really need to). A few other reviewers have mentioned that it can be a squeeze -- at first, I didn't think my Ibanez mandolin fit in here, but when I finally applied some pressure, it went right in. Now that I've been using the case for a while it seems broken in, and I don't have to fight it so much to get it to close.The only downside is that after a few uses, the outer black layer of the case started peeling off at the edge. I used some electrical tape to stick it back on there and since it's on the bottom, it's not very noticeable, but that was the one place where the low price kind of showed through. I didn't take a star away for that as it's purely cosmetic, and as long as this thing is protecting my mandolin, I can forgive some tape on the edge. In this case, I still got more than my money's worth.
It's a good quality case. I wouldn't check it as luggage when flying, but it's small so bring it as a carry-on. It'll protect your mando just fine.
I got one of those for my next mandolin after my Johnson. I couldn't see spending 40 bucks for a case for a 50 dollar instrument, so I didn't. However, the next one cost a few hundred and I got one of these cases that has served me well. These are pretty soft inside and fit most A-styles pretty well. The hardware is decent but I wouldn't expect the hinges to last forever. They'll be easy enough to fix/replace when they fall off, so no worries there.If I had a $2500.00 Gibson/Weber/Whatever, I wouldn't buy this, I'd spend the money for a really nice case, but since I don't, I didn't. If you DO have an expensive instrument and want to cheap out, these really are decent little cases but you won't mistake it for a really expensive one, and that's fine.If it's still built like my case (never can tell these days...) it'll have a little storage compartment that will hold a bunch of pics, capo and a little tuner with no problem. Not big enough for a strap though with everything else in there.
