Daughter uses this stand and was well worth the money. Exactly as described and very affortable. Would recommend this to anybody.
Nice microphone stand for the cost. Sturdy... adjustable... good construction... it works... we like it!!! Will purchase an extender to use with it.
I purchased the On Stage brand microphone stand to use with a theremin, although I may use it at some point for the purpose for which it was designed.  This is a substantial, stable, very solidly built stand.  The base is heavy enough the I can't image that the stand would fall over in normal use.  Should the need arise, it is also easy to disassemble and assemble.  Highly recommended.
This stand is practically indestructible and is ideal for gigging. If you need a boom, simply add anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Blackand you're good to go.In addition to being indestructible, this stand takes up far less stage (or studio) real estate than a tripod type stand like theOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand. And despite the relatively small size of the base, it is far more stable than the tripod stands. Admittedly, this stand is a great deal heavier, so if weight is an issue you may not like this type.Even with a boom fully extended I have found this stand to be stable. For outside use in fair breezes this stand remains upright, which is not always the case with the tripod types. Moreover, there are no legs to break (I have lost one tripod stand to that problem.)If you transport your gear often, and especially if you play outside (or inside on cramped stages) this stand is the best choice in my opinion.
Not much I can say about a standard mic stand.  Unless it was a cheap piece of crap.  This one is not.  Nice heavy base plate.  Here is my only complaint:  I went to remove the UPC sticker on the shaft and now I have a mess.  I'll try some WD-40 to get the annoying residue off but for crying out loud, can't anyone come up with a sticker that is removable without a headache? And as an end user, a UPC sticker serves nobody. Why is it even there?  Put it on the box it comes in but get it off of the merchandise I'm buying!
