I had a Cannon brand clutch and I bought this one to replace it. What I like about this one is how the release lever works. On the Cannon the lever was vertical. This made actuating it a less natural motion. With this one you hit it with a down stroke of your stick and it releases. That motion is much more natural and this makes it easier to use. An argument could be made that this one coule be easier to actuate accidentally but I have had no issue with it.Aside from the actuation of the release it is also well made and works very well.
It works well as a standard clutch, as a drop clutch its very iffy.  the top part spins around when you hit the lever so you have to grab it and move it back so you can hit it again.
Honestly it took a few adjustments to get it right, but now it works great.The black handle is a quick release to be used with a drum stick while playing. After a few tries I got it a good angle so it can be hit while being played.Height adjustment was also important. If the latch is to high, it will not grab the hi hat and bring it back up. Too low and it does not sound right.This replaced horrible Pulse Hi Hat hardware that shook loose every few songs, so I am completely pleased with it.definitely worth $13.00
It's great if you need to quickly drop your hats, but not the other way around. I bought this drop clutch because it was cheap, and I was on a budget. Overall its build is solid, the only problem I have with it is having the clutch lock back into place.
good product  great price  works well so far  bought 2 for the price of one of the others  free ship  one for the road  one for pratice
This drop clutch is just fantastic..  I have used them for years and always buy the same model.  Nothing on the market works as well as this.  Simple installation,  and it allows you to use your double bass pedals or double kick with a closed hi hat all from tapping it with your drumstick.. It couldn't be easier..  Best Buy on the Market.
it's amazingly helpful during double pedal licks haha!! while you're goin all out on pedals, you can just use the drop-clutch to make it sound like the hat is open OR closed...depends on what you want. it's really useful and I recommend it if you double pedal a lot
This is an ingenious clutch that engages when you step on your hi-hat pedal, but will drop to the closed position when you hit the lever on the top. This allows you to either ride closed hi-hats when using both bass pedals, yet return to normal hi-hat playing when the music calls for it.Be aware that this clutch has only two positions - open and fully closed. However, there is a way to work around this if you like partially open hi-hats in the closed position for a sizzle sound.  I did a work around by placing a spring on the hi-hat stem, with metal and felt washers on the top of the spring, which gives me that opening when I drop the cymbal to closed.  There was a lot of trial and error finding the right spring because each cymbal pair has a different height when mated together, and I was looking for a tiny fraction of an inch opening.  Too small or low a tension a spring and stickwork chokes the sound. Too large or stiff and you will not get the sound.  However, this is all personal preference, and many drummers ride a fully closed hi-hat anyway, which makes this clutch perfect out of the box.Regardless of your hi-hat style, if you are using a double bass, this is a "must have" accessory. Gibraltar's model is solid, heavy duty, and engages and disengages perfectly every time.
