Love these pedals good buy
Double bass pedal has a quality build.Solid frame, quiet mechanism.Easy to build and breaksdown for transport.Solid attachment to bass drum.Easy to adjust with reversible mallets.As nice as any pedal twicecas expensive, so great value.
These pedals are great!! A friend of mine said I should buy other pedals because these pedals aren't manufactured by a very known brand name but I went with my own judgement and I was not disappointed with them. I have increased my speed a lot since I've gotten em and I can pedal songs like "All Nightmare Long" and "Beast and the Harlot" now  =]  great pedals. BUT, it takes time to develop speed so don't think the pedals suck just because you barely get em and you can't go all Jason Costa on em
I bought this for my son's 7th birthday. He badly needed an upgrade from his Ludwig Jr Kit's bass pedal. This is a great pedal for younger kids, or people learning the double bass for the first time. Seems a little slow, but, as I said, for my 7 year old it is perfect. Seems well build, but for pros or the gigging musician, you may want to save up some change and buy a better pedal. 5 stars because of the price and what I was expecting to get. I wasn't expecting pro level gear for a sub $100 pedal.
When I purchased this pedal from a local music store I wasn't even looking for a double pedal set, but for a replacement for the pedal that came with my Tama Stagestar kit.  During my quest for a pedal that had the feel I wanted I sat behind a Pacific drum kit that had these pedals. At first I ignored the second bass pedal and played a bit with just the right pedal and hi-hat.  I liked the feel of the right pedal and was about to ask if the store had it in a single pedal configuration when I decided to see what it was like playing double. Wow - it immediately expanded my range and opened up a plethora of possibilities.This pedal is nearly infinitely adjustable, especially cam rotation, spring tension, and beater offset.  Most of the adjustments require a hex wrench, which is fairly standard for most modern single and double pedals. The left side slave pedal has a full floorplate, and the linkage rod that connects the right and left pedals will not bind at any angle I have tried.  There is a slight lag on the left pedal, which is normal for any double pedal configuration, but you'll quickly compensate for that as you get used to a double pedal if you are moving from a single pedal.Before I purchased this particular model I tried out Tama's Iron Cobra, Pearl's Powershifter and a Gilbralter Avenger.  I did not like the stiffness of the Iron Cobra, but did like the Pearl and Gibraltar pedals.  It finally came down to either this or the Gibralter, which was slightly smoother, but significantly more expensive.  I opted for best value without sacrificing performance or quality and am thrilled with this pedal.If you are moving from a single to double pedal configuration I strongly recommend that you give this one a serious look.  More importantly, try out this pedal in a local store and compare it to other double models - selecting a bass pedal is a personal decision with many more factors than price, features and quality.  It has to feel right.  In addition, you will find that you will be using the double bass more than your hi-hat, which means that you will need to compensate.  For that I recommend the Gibraltar hi-hat drop clutch (ASIN B0002F73YY), which will allow you to engage and disengage your hi-hat with ease.  I have my hi-hats set for a slight opening in the normal closed position, but stepping on the hi-hat pedal - using the clutch - puts it in full play position.  Tapping the lever on the clutch closes them again.  This clutch is a perfect companion to a double bass pedal!
