I wasn't sure about spending a lot of money on a guitar since I was just starting out.  I bought this to work with Rocksmith 2014 and it did the job just fine.  The guitar needed some work to get it properly set up since tuning it straight out of the box sounded horrible.  It turns out that the intonation needed to be set properly and also the strings that it came with are garbage.I put new strings on it and fixed the intonation, adjusted the truss rod a bit and adjusted the string height (all with just the tools that they provided with the guitar) and it sounded a lot better. Unfortunately there's no 22nd fret on this guitar.  That probably shouldn't come as a big surprise as a lot of stratocaster type guitars only have 21 frets, but there's this one song that requires me to bend the high e string on the 22nd fret...The single coil pickups have quite a bit of hum on them so for rocksmith you kinda have to calibrate it a few times to make sure that it doesn't pick up much of that hum, or else you resort to using the 2nd and 4th switch setting so that it uses two pickups at once which cancels out the hum.I think if you wanted to try modding your guitar this would probably be a decent choice too.  I haven't gotten that far yet.  I've had it since February, changed strings on it twice (in 4 months) and so far it's proven to be a fairly nice little guitar to learn on...except for that 22nd fret (oh well).
All guitarists know that there are 1 billion strat copies out there. They vary a bit, but basically you have a light, 3 pickup, versitale guitar that does that job - that is about it. But this Legacy, which I can see as I am typing, is much more.First, the natural finish is what got me started. It seems that a natural finish is about as rare as a news web site without video ads. I looked at $700+ Fenders, but except for the natural finish - what was I getting for $700? I wanted a strat copy that I could customize - this is IT!. I am putting split hot rail-type pickups in this, and WOW I have a strat, 3-pickup LP, and anything in between.Get one!
1. If you are totally a beginner and have nothing to begin with, get this guitar and a Vox amplug AC30. Use it with your headphones or home speakers.2. Don't upgrade until your skills improved and you become a mid level. Prepare $1000 for a tube amp and a good guitar with brand name pickups for upgrade. If your budget is below that, don't bother and save more.Speak from experience, I've tried a lot and did many research. This guitar with amplug just sound amazing! Plus, it can be your forever play around set which you will be happy with and bring them out. Guitars and amps below $400, yes there are good stuff, but you're more likely to get problematic things that will be replace by better things latter. For a budget around $1000, if you don't go professional, you will be happy with them forever. So do yourself a favor, one shot, no waste of time and money.This guitar is good enough for any beginners. Most under $400 guitars don't have good pickups, so why spend extra money? (Again, my bloody experience taught me that.I've spent time and money, way more than $1000) Free advice.I strongly recommend this guitar, it has no fault towards its price.
Not knowing much, and after using for a couple of months, I'm pretty happy with guitar for the money I paid for it.  Fit and finish is quite nice.  Just needed tuning.  Great beginner model.  Feels solid and stay's in tune after the first 4 or 5 practice sessions.
I ordered the telecaster version and received this strat version by mistake BUT I liked this so much I decided to keep this one, reorder the telecaster version so I can have that too.  The body is very solid, beautiful finish (mine is a sunburst color).  For $79.95 this is a must buy. You will not be sorry. I have 3 fender type strats and this one is now my favorite. It's great for recording. I just bought a Zoom G5 and it works great with that.  The tones are rich and warm.  I agree with others that the quality is similar to strats costing $399 and more.  It fits so well in my hands and feels great. I love this guitar!!
I figured I'd buy a cheap second guitar, so I found this one. One of the cheapest prices on Amazon. And I thought wow, what a great look this guitar has. I was also hoping that it played well. Well I've been playing it for a while and it still sounds pretty good, and I've had no technical issues what so ever. I would recommend to ANYONE. Keep up the good work! =)
I acquired this recently, I did not need another strat style, or copy of, but it's white....just gotta love that vibe? Anyhow lots of reviews justifiably good, here's a few add ons in case... It's routed hsh under the hood but looks tight.. Think it's bucker size upgradable; top and bottom didn't measure, I like single coils...the white is a poly finish (love poly durable and crack/fade resist) and exquisite nicely done, alder body but it's hefty alder, like 8lb or so. Not so keen on headstock shape but the neck is nice, too nice to change like I was thinking till I got it... Nice quality control on these, really smooth rosewood board with med-jumbo (that's what I call anyway) frets good fretting. Standard hardware indicative of price but decent and well installed, no missed screw holes etc. Was set up with standard action etc, out of box was clean set up no buzz or uneven saddle stuff etc. great fit and finish, best I can tell its a standard f type plate, if interested looks to be easy changer.Overall it's a solid piece, assembled well, for me the body and neck is what seals the deal, better then most out there this range... It is alder and hefty, but durable. I look to change most hardware in time so won't comment on that, what's there... is installed well...2 things I forgot tuners wanna say 15:1? 10mm standard import style... Seem good, not legendary and tremelo/whammy standard zinc block (there's the must upgrade part...) it's standard 10.5 string space import, I got one pet peave; it's steel or brass blocks... A shame all these guitars nowadays with the zinc thin low sustain blocks, my advice get a fender mim standard lefty trem, the whole thing with steel saddles and all maybe 50$ best money ever spent... I can't afford the gotoh or Callahan stuff, On this a standard mim import space fender with steel block and saddles is easy direct replacement and with the hefty alder you'll get tons of sustain and tone and keep tuned way better. Also the neck I say nice but I mean it's nicer than most in the shape, it's slightly chunky c shape? Not baseball bat chunky but you feel it on frets 1-3 it's beefier? I have avg. size hands, I find it's a good fit.In all... If your looking in this price range it's nice, and upgradable as you can or learn more.
This is a great starter guitar its cheap and high quality i myself already play the guitar and couldnt pass up buying such a good guitar at a rock bottom price this guitar to sum it up is like a generic version of a squire by fender and if this guitar was a more well known company the guitar could easily sell for 300$ bottom line great guitar all around for beginners and thrashers.
I am truly amazed at the quality of this guitar! I got the natural finish and I am blown away at the beauty of this thing! Mine arrived in perfect condition. Will only need a minor setup. The intonation was surprisingly spot on and the strings are actually alright to practice on for a while. If you are looking for a great quality strat for under 90 bucks, then don't hesitate and order one of these babies!
Right out of the box, the low E string had a buzz and the intonation was WAY off (fretted E note on the 12th fret too sharp). After the appropriate truss rod adjustments the buzz problem was solved. Next, I proceeded to adjust the intonation. I was able to get the intonation for the A, D, G, B, and high-E strings spot on. However, after bringing the saddle for the low E string as far back as it would go, the fretted E note on the 12th fret was still sharp.I also noticed that the bridge is slightly crooked (the low E string end of the bridge is closer to the neck than the high E string end of the bridge) - the bridge could have started out crooked or it could have shifted due to the high low-E string tension (loose bridge) -- which would definitely contribute to the defective low-E string intonation.I love the Red Burst design of this guitar (it looks absolutely WICKED). Unfortunately, I'm going to have to return it. I'm going to get a Squier Strat instead (with either aMapleorRosewoodneck).---[Update November 15, 2013]I ordered the Squier Strat direct from Amazon 6 weeks ago, but it was placed on backorder. I contacted Customer Service a week ago and was told me they wouldn't get it back in stock until December. Then, to my surprise, the Squier Strat was delivered yesterday! Yay!! :D The happiness!!I was able to get the Squier perfectly intonated. It's Red Burst like the Legacy (Fender calls it Antique Burst). It's a beautful guitar and and I'm loving it!
This is a good guitar for the price. Played well right out of the box. The finish is beautiful and I found no defects. Sounds good and well worth the money.
This Is one great piece. The quality of the guitar is Amazing!!! and for Its price Outstanding!! It plays Beautifully with my 100w amp. And with my experience of guitars, this is a go getter, otherwise I would see this one stand out to a $300 Les Paul!!!
I don't know if 39" (from the top of the headstock to the bottom of the body {I know guitars are based on the size of the frets but no idea how to do that} ) is the normal size for an adult...However for $50 (its on sale at the time) even if its not I can still learn to play since thats why I bought it is to learn...The pick guard had some sort of plastic cover that was rough but doesn't really affect anything, since it seems like something was put on it to help shipping once removed the pick guard is fine.All togther whether its a full size adult or just one for kids its still pretty good.I am happy with it.Good clean sound, at least with my headphone amp (only amp I have).Comes with Whammy bar(thats what I know it as), one volume, two tone, the pickup sector switch, the cord that connects your guitar to your amp.**EDIT**So now that Amazon has grouped the guitar with many others (mostly the color differences) and that I have a little bit more knowlage of the guitar, not saying much really but a little bit, I have found that mine has two dead spots on the volume... Not much of an issue, for me at least but worth mentioning.
