tremendous mic!! love the case and shockmount being all inclusive.....got it at great price and its a kick ass addition to my rather wimpy home/portable studio.....love recording my mom and musical friends and they dig singing into a quality mic!!! I run it through an art tube preamp and it can make an unbelieveable hot signal without distortion and so very clear
There is no doubt in my mind that you will be impressed with the quality this microphone has to offer your home studio or voice-over applications. It does well and minimizing the air pressure impact of the room and it humbly presents any voice with great clarity and a bassy tone. NOTE: use a good preamp or a external EQ
I've only been in broadcasting for 3 years professionally and I have to say, after researching condenser microphones for several months, countless reviews and spec research I can honestly say, this mic compares and indeed exceeds many microphones costing hundreds of dollars more.Here's another interesting fact. I thought the &#34;King of all Media&#34;, Howard Stern would have used some gold plated 10 thousand dollar anniversary rig... well I found out he uses a 990 as well. So, think about it, perfect for the amateur, perfect for the professional... and under 100 dollars? Incredible! You WON'T be disappointed on this buy.
I'll keep this short and simple, I do alot of radio work, and saw the price of this mic of eBay (I wanted to use Paypal) and got it. 60 bucks for something I'd have easily have paid 100+ for, and with the included shockmount, it's a total steal. This obviously won't match top quality condensers, but for speech atleast, I find it to have a wonderful crisp tone with a warm sound to compliment your voice. It just has that smooth radio sound you hear on stations like NPR, which I just love. It sounds fantastic and with a proper interface, possibly the best condenser I've tested that's under 150 bucks.
this is one of the best mics in this price range. It sounds incredible, and at this price it's unbeatable. I only use three mics, and this is my main vocal, drum overhead, and acoustic guitar mic (although I use two mics on the guitar). My other mic's are a SM57, which is incredible and not crazy expensive, and an Audio-Technica Instrument/Vocal mic. I love this mic and would replace if it ever breaks.
Again these microphones are made for studio I use it live, again you have to have a good PA System for these to work great. Great microphone if you want to really sound like a real singer, this is the top of the top. Thank you Amazon.
$49 for a $199 microphone at Amazon? May not be the best mic out there but for home studios, this one marks the spot. Get it if you're on a budget.
I love this product. It came fast, included extra shockmount line, shockmount, an adapter, the mic, instructions, and a very durable and protective case of easy transporting. The sound quality is great with the Art Tube Preamp(use mic cables, not 1/4" cables for Phantom Power), and I couldn't be happier with it. It even looks impressive. Although, I do have to say that online the product looks silver and shiny, when in reality it is this "off-silver" color. Almost a gold, but not quite. It's not bad or anything, just different. And frankly, the thing could be purple for all I care- as long as it produces great sound, that's all that matters. Great product, and extremely affordable. No complaints.
The MXL 990 sounds just as every bit as good as some very expensive mikes I have used. Just like with any condenser mike it's a good idea to invest in a decent pop filter if you don't want those annoying popping P's in your recordings. I would recommend this mike to anyone for vocals or miking acoustic guitars in your recording studio or portastudio. Also a great mike for doing voiceovers.
It took me a while to figure out how to implement this mic.  But with the right equipment it has turned out to be a nice addition to my recording studio.
I own two of these and they are perfect for home studio vocals, and a step above dynamic mics as long as you run this one through a pre (I use aPreSonus Tubepre Single-Channel Vacuum Tube Mic Pre. No matter which pre you get make sure it can supply phantom power because this mic needs it.Also, this model is XLR only. Even if you get an XLR to TRS adapter you will not be able to provide phantom power to it with that arrangement, so make sure that your mixer has a spare XLR input for this mic, and that it will provide phantom power if you skip my recommendation to get a pre amp.There are a few other things you need to know or consider if this is your first condenser mic: use the included shock mount because this mic picks up handling noise. Merely touching it will show up as ambient noise in your mix. A pop filter is essential.This mic is not optimal for live performances because it's delicate and does not lend itself to excess handling. It is perfect in controlled, stationary environments like home studios. Another reason is itd will pick up a lot of nearby stage noise if not placed in a 'sweet spot'.I mentioned that this is perfect for vocals and it is. However, it is not the best solution for micing instruments or amps, especially those in the lower registers. One of the main reasons for this is the low end frequency response is starts at 30Hz. You would be better off with a mic that goes down to 20Hz for instruments and amps.Bottom line: this is a great entry level condenser mic, especially for folks on a budget. As long as you understand its limitations and operating characteristics you should be pleased with it. I have had mine for almost four years and both have held up and and still sound great for vocals.
[review updated after more time spent with the mic]Well, there's definitely some detail missing in the mids, but it has a generally pleasing "very fat" (aka muddy) tone. Makes a fair snare drum mic. Needs a bit of EQ for almost any practical application. I don't think I'd use it to track the vocals on anything, but it works. You'd be better off with a similarly-priced small-diaphragm condenser and a windscreen.
man ya'll yall better quick get this here mic yo cuz it's all good and stuff man. because like when you be spittin some siK leeriX and all like i be going in the paint like weezy and eminem ya feel me.ay yo let's go.
