I bought this for a friend who always wanted to play violin but never could afford one, the quality was surprisingly good considering how cheap it was, I helped her set it up (took 15 minutes max, just needed to get the bridge just right) and the only flaw I found was the horrible pegs that came with it, I had some spare rosewood ones in a drawer which fixed that small problem, as for the rest of the violin the furniture was workmanlike, not concert quality but serviceable for a student, the body was what really surprised me, for a mass produced student model it has a nice sound, I do believe that with nicer furniture, a better bridge, and strings I would not be ashamed to play this at a venue, how it will hold up over time is a open question but from what I can see of its internals it is well put together.this brings me to my only real problem, as she never has played any instrument at all she makes this violin squeal like a pig, I am no good at teaching so I got her a few books and downloaded some vids from youtube for her to watch but still...Her husband has forbidden her to bring the violin home till she can play so she comes over here to practice, which has led my neighbors to believe I am responsible for the sudden disappearance of several neighborhood cats (I think the noise chased em away) I am waiting for the call from the SPCA as I type this.
The two violins we ordered came on time, and were packaged very well. All pieces that were advertised were included. The items appear as pictured. It is hard for me to rate this purchase, as I am still trying to get it in tune. I am using a snark clip on tuner, and have yet to get the strings in tune. We purchased peg drops to help with the tuning, but still have been unsuccessful in bringing them into tune.
It's a working violin. My daughter likes it. Her violin teacher suggests to up grade the strings and a new Artino Magic Pad. The shoulder rest is way too high for my daughter, but I don't count that as a defect:-)
i mean if you just want something to learn the violin on then this is pretty good, stays in tune and is reinforced in all the weak spots because cracks will form
I bought this just to see if I might enjoy learning or if my shoulders (I'm gettin' old...lol)would allow me to hold the correct position long enough to practice.  I wouldn't say it's agreat instrument but WAY more than I expected for $60.  After I changed the strings,(I used the extra set that came with it) it actually produced decent sound.  I bought anew bow (for &#62;$100, so...) and found I like the one that came with it at least as much.The case is excellent...I'll prob use it with my upgrade.So for the price, you really get far more than you pay for.p.s.- the shoulder rest is kinda useless though.
This violin is AMAZING considering it's price, I got it for my girlfriend, expecting it to maybe be a complete joke and be absolutely worthless and it wasn't she went to a violin school and people had payed waay more than me and had a violin that sucked. I am a satisfied costumer, for a beginner or if you want a cheap violin to practice till you destroy it, this one's for you.Basic but sturdy, gets the job done :)
Sounds decent and stays in tune.  For the price this is just what you need if you want to dabble in/on the violin.
