These may be my new favorite bass strings.Likes:- Bright.  I'd call them &#34;very bright&#34;, except they don't seem to have the harsh twangy tone I'd expect.  They seem bright, yet still soft.- Clear.. The lows sound present and clear.- Consistent flex.  Once I had these on for a couple of days, the tuning seemed very stable.  The tone seems to sharpen less when they are played hard, compared to my last strings.- D'Addario brand.  To me, these guys have a long history of making excellent strings.- Playability.  These feel pretty supple and effortless to work with.- Price. I feel like I should be paying more for these strings.Technology:- New design. &#34;Textured round&#34;.  This is a round-wound string with a hex-shaped core.Overall, love these.  Especially for the price.
This is the perfect fit for all my basses. I have two Ibanez and two Essex basses. They recommend the light top medium bottom string gauge. I play fingerstyle and they feel great. They have corrosion resistant packaging and since corrosion is what kills your strings the longer you can keep it at bay the better. They are made in  the USA and they use recycled packaging. I cannot attest to their lifespan but the package says long life so we will concede that point.
I'm mainly a guitarist but I do play bass from time to time on an old Fender American. These strings are very bright in a good way with a clear, smooth sound. I love the tone you get out of these, very bluesy and the punch isn't too rough it's just right. I'm a huge fan of D'Addario, been using their strings for at least 4 years and they never disappoint. Give these a try if you're looking for some new strings.
I put the set on my Squire Jazz Bass with threaded bridge rollers. If you don't like loading up the tuners, trim a few inches off the leads; they're about 8-9 inches and have no cloth covering like Fenders. I usually play medium gauge flatwounds on this bass and the FlexSteels have overall less tension. I let out the truss rod a half turn to eliminate buzzing (yeah, ironic for a set designed for slapping).Gave them a good stretch and they're holding pitch well. I find the windings on the FlexSteels more comfortable than Rotosounds - at least comparing new-to-new. That helps when playing more horizontally with a lot of position shifting.Overall I'm more into jazz and classic prog than slapping and there's plenty of 'piano low-end sproing' (Squire, Lake and Ray Bennett fans will feel right at home, fingers or pick). The set is so bright-sounding in fact I had to roll a considerable amount off.The label says 'Light Top/Medium Bottom' (45-65-85-105): I found the gauge balance between the low E-A and the high D-G a little more pronounced than I'd like, but not outright uncomfortable.
I've been using D' Addario strings for 20+ years to great satisfaction.  These flex steels are excellent.  Bass tones, response and resonance are superior to my ear.  You can't go wrong with these guys.
I play guitar and bass, but the gitpicker in me envies full-time bassists because they almost never break strings, and bass strings hold their tone far longer than guitar strings. The price has also come down to where you can spend well under a hundred bucks a year on strings and always have fresh tone rich with harmonics. You don't know how good you've got it! And these D'Ad's are very good all-round strings, though they make a lot more noise than flatwounds and even "normal" nickel wound, so they're not for sloppy fingers.Very nice for funky players and those who want more definition and edge, these FlexSteels ring nicely and I like that the bottom E is a tad thicker at 105 than the usual light set's 100. Because these are pretty bright, that extra oomph is nice. And I'm a big believer that the amp can fix string issues much more easily with bass than guitar, so merely dialing out a little treble or even rolling off the volume a bit on your bass will take care of that. But if you're popping and slapping, these come through loud and clear. I really like the feel of the low E when I thumb pop with these.I play a P-bass with my index, middle and thumb, and these punch nicely at that scale length. The pickups also like them, and they get plenty loud, with full definition and plenty of top end, but not brittle. With a Trace Elliot or other high-def amp, these would be very unforgiving for all but the most exact players. I bet Marcus would kill with them.I think these are perfect for funk, and excellent for almost all rock styles. Obviously flats are better for jazz, but these make a good all-around string and for less than 20 clams they're a great deal.
A great set of bass strings with all the right features:- Perfect balance of bright/punch and warmth- Right, deep tones- Great feel and playability- Stable tuning- &#8220;Textured round&#8221; design with hexagonal core shape- Durable- Easy to stringMy father uses D&#8217;Addario on his telecaster and acoustic guitars, which originally prompted me to choose D&#8217;Addario for my Fender Jazz bass.  I can say that the brands&#8217; reputation carries over to bass&#8212;these are phenomenal strings.
I've been using D'Addario XL nickel wounds on my P-Bass for a long time. They have a lot of tone, they seem to last a long time, and they're not very expensive. These strings have the same feel as the nickel wounds, but are a lot brighter You get lots of overtones and high end from these. The choice of gauges is a little different from the regular XLs, too; instead of the .085 A and the .100 E they have a .085 A and a .105 E. That's just enough to give you a slightly more solid low end, and more metal to dig into, while retaining low tension in the D and G. I'm more of an old-school player and prefer nickel for that mellower sound, but if you're into funk or more modern sounds, you may feel that the bright SS sound is for you, and if so, these are a great string.
I installed these on a Fender Jazz bass with active electronics. After stringing them up & tuning I immediately noticed how really sharp they sounded. I play finger style and they really added a clear definition to each note played. They sounded great all up & down the fret board. Where I really noticed the difference was in recording. Been working on a new batch of songs and a the bass to the songs on the recordings made after these strings is noticeably superior to the ones made before. Except for the songs with acoustic bass I will be going back and re recording the bass parts to the songs made before I installed these strings. I  don't play slap or pick bass so I can't say how well they work for those styles but for my purpose they come very highly recommended.
I have to admit this up front - I'm a terrible bass player. I play guitar and keep a bass in the music room for times when I have friend over to jam. I do dabble with the bass, but I'm not proficient with it. That being said; I really appreciate the difference these strings make in sound, playability and durability. These strings sound better and feel great to play for long periods of time. They have &#34;punch&#34; and &#34;snap&#34; which are good things to have in a bass. I haven't had them on for a real long time, but in the time I've had them they remain consistent and show absolutely no sound or metal degradation in the time they've been on my Fender MIM Jazz bass. When I need another set, I'll buy these!
These are some bright strings!I play with a pick and mostly stay in the realm of rock 'n' roll, so no comments on the slapping and popping claims the packaging makes, but there are plenty of great rock tones to be found.  Heck, crank the amp and dig in with a pick and these would be great strings for any Motorhead covers you're planning on playing!  Good bright steel tone, not anywhere near as harsh on your fingertips (or frets!) as Rotosounds, and they're only a Jackson, not a bad string!
