Sounded good. Warmer sounding than stock tubes in my ac15. I rocked all night and loved the sound. Next day i turned it on, my amp was crackling out and wiping out the signal i checked the tubes and one of them was making violent purple flashes before the signal burnt out. I then noticed that one of my fuses blew out as well. I changed out the fuse and checked again and the tube was still doing the same thing so i just swapped the tubes back for atock. Id like to see a real set of jjs, im sure one of them was a dud.
Replaced the stock tubes (Groove Tubes) in my Blues Junior with a matched pair of JJs.  Much better tone IMHO.  The sound is exactly what you want in an EL84 and the tubes have held up very well.  I am coming up on needing a complete retube of my Palomino V32 and I will also be using JJs.
My first amp with EL84's is a totally scratch built older single channel Trinity AC15, which is based on a Lightning. Initially installed JJ EL84's after reading so many good reviews about them. They sound great to me (personal opinion of course), and are priced right. Thought about New Sensor Mullard RI's or Sovtek EL84M/7189's. Glad I went with the JJ's, and not looking back. I'm running 365VDC on the plates and 340VDC on the screens. First set, one red plated slightly. Bought a second set from Doug's Tubes, Ruby EL84CZ's (select matched JJ's). Performing nicely with a stock MIM Strat. Also using a Sovtek 12AX7LPS in the PI spot and a post-PI master volume, just like Matchless.
tubes come out of the same two or three places anymore...there is a definate consistancey issue and a few places where the seller (JJ Tubes) can specify specs to make their particular tube stand out. JJ seems to have a smoother sound than most. I've recently replaced the tubes in a little VOXAC4 mini and two Epiphone Valve Jr's that came with Sovtek EL84's and 12AX7's and am really impressed with the discernable difference in tone. There was a real payoff in this small change, the pre-amp tubes made the rest of the difference. You don't need to spend big money for tubes...these JJ's work really great.
Purchased these to replace some failing power tubes in my Vox NT15H, and all I can say is that they are great.  After a little break in these brought some new life back into my amp. Greatly improved the tone over the stock Sovteks that where in there originally. Great product for a great price.
Bought a couple of these as replacement tubes for my bass amp, and I think they improved the sound over the original EH ones.  These are considered "boutique tubes", but I think they're popular for a reason.
Had for over a year, hasn't failed. Bedroom Vox amp, never leaves the house, never turned up above conversational volume level, so I can't elaborate on sound, can only comment on reliability for my usage.
JJ Tubes are the best sounding vacume tubes & the only tubes that go into my vintage & boutique amps,
