Purchased for hanging two rock-band pseudo guitars. Works great for that and for uke. Would also be OK with guitars.The nature of the hardware compensates for different thickness at the nut end of instruments and so should hold almost any guitar-like instrument within reason. The packaging is very basic - you just get the product, with no fasteners or instructions.The hanger looks good, is heavily padded and so very unlikely to harm even delicate instruments. When solidly mounted, the hanger should be able to hold fairly heavy instruments - though I did not test that.For the cost these are a smoking deal. The alternatives I purchased for my music room & heavy bass guitars cost about 2x more and are not necessarily any better functionally.As mentioned there is no included hardware, but that is a non-issue as during install you may require installation to studs or with wall-board fasteners, depending on your situation and weight of your instrument. So just plan on visiting the hardware store if you don't already have these in your shop. I used wall-board hangers for one, direct screws into joist for the other, as it happens.
This is thus far a good bargain. I have used it to hang a 12 heavy string. The arms of it adjust to neck size but when the weight of the guitar pull downward the grip tightlt. No chance of falling. There are likely better units out there but for the money this one is a steal.
I hang all my gear up in the studio with these and it's really sturdy. I can't say these are easy to get the guitar down off the wall but that's the point. I'll use a stand if I'm going to use a guitar often. I had a 230lb drummer fall into the wall where I had these baby's hung up and not one fell or almost fell.
a ver nice and powerfull product for the mans health really reccomend this item  i bough for my primo and he really loves it!
I have a couple of old guitars I couldn't bear to part with, but seldom used.  (Ah, memories!)  I keep my everyday guitars on stands so that it is easier to practice, but these add charm to my music room/office and they work great.  The &#34;fingers&#34; will grasp the neck of most any stringed instrument and hold firmly.
Like many others floor space is rather limited at mi casa. I also have a dog with a nasty habit of having to &#34;mark&#34; everything that comes into contact with the floor. So needless to say your basic guitar stand was not an option with my $700 Dean from Hell. I had ordered this product prior to my having gotten the guitar (hoping that they would all arrive at the same time) so I was unaware at how heavy the Dean was. This one looked sturdy enough...and it would be, if it were an acoustic or lightweight/hollowbody electric.But the fact that I had to bend out the pegs just a smidge, so the end knobs won't chew up the neck when trying to access/store the guitar, had me doubting the longterm durability of this product. Don't need to come home 6 months from now & find the guitar on the floor with the headstock accross the room. It should hold up long enough for me to order the Hercules. Once I get the Hercules I'll be using this mount for my Rock Band guitar controller.
I bought this for my acoustic. Bought another one for my electric Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. Holds my bass guitars easily as well.
