Likes:- Pretty smooth.  Minimal fret noise and squeak compared to some- Bright, strong mids.- They do seem to stay in tune well.  Havent had to change tuning once they settled in.Will update this review with more experience as I play on these strings over the next week.
My daughter is learning how to play and the .11 - .48 string set on my strat are giving her a literal pain.I put a set of the D'Addario NYXY0942 strings on my backup guitar and tuned it up. Usually, I've had issues when bringing some brands of strings up to pitch, but the D'Addario's seemed to do a much better job. I nearly always stress the higher pitch strings a bit before bringing them up to their final pitch and they stabilized quickly. The wound strings also seem quite stable. Frequently, it takes up to a couple of days for some strings to settle in, but I've seen no such issues with the D'Addario's.I usually use thicker strings on my guitars to get a fatter tone, but I was impressed by the sound of these in spite of them being much thinner than I usually like.My daughter is also very happy with them since they're not quite so tough on her fingers.
Put these on my G&L; S500 electric. Sound great, play great, keeping their tune. None broken yet, but I don't usually break strings. I play at home for pleasure and recording, not out hitting the clubs. Blues, blues slide, rock, metal.I use D'Addario strings a lot. I try others but always come back to them. These will probably be my go to strings on electric guitar from now on. I really like them.
I usually don't use anything lighter than 10s because I think the tone starts to get thin on both the highs or the lows.  I had already tried these in the 10 gauge size, and when these were offered via the Vine program, I thought what the heck.  I have a guitar which I believe the tension is always high and tried these on that instrument.  They do seem to help the string tension issue and the low end sounds (to these 62 year old ears) quite comparable to the 10s.  However, I do think there is still a thinning of the high end, but that's subjective.  I gave the 10s a 5 rating, and, realistically, I would give these 4.5 id I could.  If you're into 9 gauge strings I recommend these, but I'll stick with 10s and 11s.
I have preferred Ernie Ball Extra Lights which is a nickel string. They have a smooth depth of tone which is my preference. The NYXL's have a brighter tone, good playing ease, and stay in tune better when making new string changes. If you have a mahogany body guitar such as the Les Paul junior specials then the added top end would make a very nice match, or if you like a brighter tone on any guitar the same applies.These are not coated strings which a lot of strings in this price range are. Pertaining to output I am a firm believer that although you can notice a difference quite readily between certain types of stings in &#34;acoustic/unamplified&#34; output, but once you plug them into an amp with a volume knob the difference disappears.These do stay in tune better than my usual Ernie Balls nickels when you first put them on. The nickel takes a day to stretch into the tension of proper pitch. These have their tension adjust better on the first day of use. After the nickels set in you may not notice much of a difference. I find that by lightly sanding the nut with 1000 grit paper, and using Big Ben's Nut Sauce on all of the contact points of the string does more for keeping a guitar in tune than any other. Having these NYXL's on there is just one more added benefit.I would say if you are looking for a brighter tone, with better tuning stability, these are the ones to have. You can tell from the wall to wall 5 star reviews these are the one to have.
I normally get Elixir strings, but these sounded too good to pass up. They are indeed some high tech strings, with features including break resistance and improved tuning stability. Plus they feel and sound good. So grab a pack and get jamming. You'll definitely want to check these out.
At about twice the price of their standard strings, These D'Addario NYXL strings make lots of enticing claims about tuning stability, higher breaking point, and something called &#34;fusion twist&#34; (which I swear is a rare Chubby Checker B-side).Having just put a set of these on one of my guitars, I can't speak to any of the claims of superiority over other strings, but I can say they are solid, dependable strings with lots of &#34;punch and crunch&#34;.
I ordered these for my husband the guitar player.  He loves these strings.  He said they are high quality and make his guitar sound great!  Highly recommended.
Great strings with a good feel to them. They are size 10-46 which is just right for my electric guitars. I won't know how long they last for awhile but they are a bit pricey. If they hold up well then they are loud and bright on my telecaster and I will switch if they last a long time. I don't think of these as extra lights (09-42) they are more of a light to me.
I am,  primarily, an acoustic guitar player who acquired my first electric just about a year ago, a Gibson Les Paul. What I am finding is that the situation with electric guitar strings is very similar to that with acoustic guitars. Most name-brand strings are just fine, but some are markedly different than others. A few are actually a notch-above the others. These NYXLs from D'Addario are definitely in that 'notch above' category.I find them easier to play, better sounding and more reliable in holding their tuning than the six or seven others I have tried. I plan to stick with them.  A few comments about each area:Playability:These NYXLs bend easier and take less of a toll on the tips of my fretting (left) hand than do most of the others. Of course I have callouses that have been developed over the years and feel permanent - but heavy playing can still make my fingertips sore. These strings seem less 'cutting', even after a couple of hours of constant playing. THey also 'squeak' less when I slide up and down the neck.Sound:The sound is crisp and rich at the same time. Most electric guitarists who I know tend to prefer one of these qualities over the other and choose their strings accordingly. I prefer a blend of both - just as I do for my acoustic instruments.  These NYXLs provide the closest blend that I have been able to achieve of these two different but complimentary characteristics, andTuning:Tuning and re-tuning can drive a guitar player to distraction.  Even some really good sounding strings don't hold the tuning very well and even after only one brief riff, need to be adjusted by at least a quarter tone. These NYXLs are holding the tuning FAR better than the others I have used. Less time tuning = more good time playing!All-in-all, I found no flaw in these strings. There is always something new coming along and D'Addario's formulation that uses high carbon steel alloy in the manufacture of these strings seems to make a considerable and positive difference.  UNtil someone comes up with something better, I expect to stick with them!
I'm a long time D'Addario user. From the time I started playing I've tried most of the different brands out there and always end up back with my D'Addarios. I got the .09's to try on my Strat and the .10's to try on my LP and found that these new NYXL strings do have a little better output and stay in tune a little better but the trade off is the cost. Currently they're $11.99 on here compared to $4.99 or less for the regular version. So if you burn through a lot of strings, that may be a consideration. I don't go through strings that frequently (I'll change on each guitar every 2 to 3 months) so it's not a big concern for me.
I've used D'Addario strings for years and they never fail me. These extra light are great for playing lead as they're easy to bend and feel great on your fingers. As they are extra light strings, they serve limited purposes but as for tone quality it is very smooth and clear. For a brand as a whole i'd recommend D'Addario strings to any guitarist and for gauge it's really dependent on play-style and role if you are in a group.
I usually play an .11 on top and first grabbed my digital caliper to confirm the gauge of the high E in this set &#8211; it felt heavier than a .10, but the LED doesn&#8217;t lie and it confirmed .10.I put the NYXL set on my Ibanez Artist with DiMarzio  humbuckers. I stretch new strings out of habit; I don&#8217;t like the constant slipping as they settle.  I stretch all six strings in about 4-5 segments up the neck, retune, and hope for the best.There&#8217;s no whammy bar on the Artist and, for the first few days, I did a lot of blues bending to see how they&#8217;d hold up - the NYXLs stayed in tune very solidly with only minor tweaking as to be expected with any strings.I chose a darker-sounding guitar than a single-coil Fender, hoping the supposed brightness of the NYXLs would be more noticeable. On this guitar I usually play D&#8217;Addario XLs and an Ernie Ball &#8216;pink&#8217; set on my Strat so I&#8217;ve got two points of reference.In terms of tone, from the start the NYXLs sound much closer to &#8216;broken in&#8217; than the Ernie Balls. There&#8217;s far less &#8216;new jangle&#8217; to them and, while they&#8217;re bright, they&#8217;re manageable for the kind of tone I&#8217;m after. I play jazz in a more contemporary vein &#8211; in terms of tone more Scofield and Abercrombie than Wes Montgomery and Jim Hall.  I like a rich tone with some high end but without too much &#8216;klang&#8217;.In terms of feel and tension the NYXLs are stiffer and closer to the regular XLs than to Slinkys, which is probably to be expected. But oddly, the windings of the low E-A-D remind me a bit more of the Ernie Balls than XLs, whose windings feel a bit wider.Three weeks on, with the onset of warm humid weather around here the strings are showing no rust and still sound fresh.With so many players going through modeled amps and effects it&#8217;s a fair question just how much the tonal quality of electric strings still matters &#8211; or are we headed for &#8216;virtual strings&#8217; designed mostly for durability and intonation. Will we be dialing in &#8216;new and klangy&#8217;, &#8216;broken in with worn windings, or &#8216;sweated through and rusty&#8217;.I like to believe there are enough players out there young and old still fussy about tone and the role a good set of strings plays in delivering it.  To them I&#8217;d say these are worth checking out.
I've been using Ernie Balls cobalt slinky light gauge because I like the feel.  I got these from the Vine, and wow, they are awesome.  They cost no more than the strings I normally get, but the tone and feel is totally different.  I can't comment on how long they'll last or keep in tune..but for now, I'm impressed.  I'll probably keep using these on my Santana PRS for awhile since I like the sound.  Every once in awhile, I'll step outside of my box...I mean.. I know the strings that I like and I tend to stick with them.  I use d'addario on my acoustic guitars, and ernie balls on my electrics..except for my strat..I like fender bullets on it.  So the sample from the Vine...sorta of nudged me..and I'm the better for it.
I have used D' Addario electric guitar strings for years and have always loved their feel, playability, tone and reliability.  This set is no exception.  Light gauge for those who like to shred a little more but still great tone.  Highly recommend anything by D' Addario.
For a long time, I never thought much about guitar strings. I pretty much thought they were all the same.In fact, guitar strings seem to be enjoying a technological renaissance these days. D'Addario has gotten into the act with these NYXL strings, and I have to say that they are not like any other strings I've used.The feel is different, and the sound is different. Different in a WOW way. Yeah, they're more expensive, but they're worth it. I'm a cheapskate, and I can't go back to cheap strings.Now I'm spoiled, and I've become a guitar strings snob.
My father is a full-time gigging musician primarily on Steel Guitar and Telecaster.  He has been playing over 50 years and it takes a lot to get him interested in new strings.  We both use D'Addario strings almost exclusively (myself on bass guitar, and him on the electric).  These are *outstanding* strings with great durability, playability and exceptional sound.  They remain in tune for long gigs or recording sessions, they generate less fret noise than comparable strings and have a bright/crisp sound that really stands out. Well worth the extra investment.  Highly recommended!
D'Addario has always been one of the best string manufacturers around. I've used their strings for electric & acoustic bass, electric and acoustic guitar, Irish bazouki, mandolin, Irish tenor banjo, 5 string banjo & even used their octave mandolin strings on my Serbian brach always with stellar results. When they said these were deluxe premium strings I knew it wouldn't be hype. I was right. I strung my guitar with these about 3 weeks ago & have probably played the guitar 25 or so hours at gigs and in the studio. I've never had a set of strings stay in tune over the course of 3- 45 minute sets but these did. And I was sober so it wasn't just an altered consciousness that made me believe they were still in tune. Not only that they were still completely in tune the next morning when I played it. Of course that wouldn't mean a thing if they didn't feel good on the fingers. They do. Like they were custom made for your guitar. They were on my Rickenbacker so I can't honestly tell you if they work good with a vibrato but I strongly suspect they would. Not only do they stay in tune but 3 weeks later they still sound crisp & new. I'm going to be interest to see how long they continue to sound good.  I usually change my strings every other week when I'm playing regularly so I'm already passed my regular limit. I may update this review in a month or so when I know how long they lasted. Most highly recommended!
I usually use Gibson Vintage Nickle Strings on my electric guitars but when I had an opportunity to try theses strings out I jumped at the chance. I put them on a Gibson Les Paul Goldtop guitar with P-90 pickups. I had no trouble installing them and they tuned up pretty quickly without a lot of stretching needed. They had some great &#34;spank&#34; and sounded great. Easy to play (they almost seemed thinner than advertised - they play like 9's but sounded like tens). I am really happy with these and will probably buy them on occasion instead of the Gibson strings. Next I want to try a set on a Strat and see how they sound - I suspect they will sound and play great!
Excellent tone, and I'm a bit surprised by that.  I mean, D'Addario strings are fine and all, but that's it, they've always just been your average basic string to me.  These promise to be a premium contender and they certainly deliver.  I strung up my Agile AL-3000 (best Les Paul copy you can buy, look them up) with them, tuned up and these things roared!  Rich full harmonic tone, with plenty of bend and sustain.  These strings really do feel and sound great.  I never thought I'd be praising D'Addario so much, but these strings really do deliver.
I've been stringing my guitars with D'Addario for several years.  While my jazz box is set up with heavy strings, my Les Paul goes lighter--horses for courses, you might say.  I've been using D'Addario XL strings on this guitar for a while, although it's the EXL140 (slightly larger bottoms).  But why not give these lighter strings a try?  The quality is obviously high.  Tone is good, as is durability.  If you do much complex chording, you're going to miss the heavier string, but for shredders and pure rock players these are very nice.  I'll be going back to the EXL 140s, since I prefer the more positive feel of the larger string.  But fat or skinny, D'Addario makes some of the best strings out there.
Don't get me wrong, the improvement over the old formulation is noticeable. There's a little more &#34;brightness&#34; to the output, they are a little more long-lasting, and they stay in tune quicker and longer than the normal XL120. This is a good string.But it looks like the going rate on these strings will be 12 bucks a set. I can get three sets of regular (excellent) XL120 strings for that money, and if the NYXL lasted 3 times as long then they'd be worthwhile, but I've been able to try them twice now, and they don't last 3 times as long.Great string, great innovation, great achievement, drastically overpriced.
These have a nice bright sound and are easy on the fingers with a light action. Pretty deluxe strings for the price here on Amazon. I have them on my travel acoustic six string (Martin) and am happy, especially since I am not a &#34;pro&#34; guitarist and my fingers can get sore.I say, get 'em!
D'Addario's NYXL1046 Nickel Plated Electric Guitar Strings, I have the Light, are THE best! I've got them on my Fender Strat. I can tune my guitar and play it for a couple hours and still not have it go out of tune. Even if I'm using the tremolo bar and bending strings these things stay in tune. When I get together with other guitar players to jam I don't have to worry about being the one who has to keep tuning my guitar. A couple Ernie Ball die hards are about ready to jump ship and get on the D'Addario Line after seeing mine in action.I can put my Strat aside, pick it up to play a few days later and it's still in tune. Doesn't happen when I pick up my other electric that don't have these strings on it yet. Either I'm going to have to put these on my other electric or the Fender is going to be my baby who gets all the play time with Mama.I've never used strings that bend so well. And they don't cut into my fingers as much when playing for extended periods of time. These are miracle strings in my mind.Most importantly, they sound GREAT!Good going D'Addario!
