Being a musician I wanted something easy to bring with me to catch the jams.  With the support of this little recorder I have about 95% of what I have played over the last year available to me.Sound Quality - there are many options to select from, sample rate, type (mp3, wav) and a number of other options.  I have mainly recorded wav at 192, when I am done recording I normally will edit it in a DAW and then convert to mp3 for storage.  I would say the audio is good, not great, but certainly right on for what I am doing considering the price.  Power is about 4-6 hours of continuous recording.  I can fit about 3 hours on high quality on the Gb card.  This is usually a little more than I require when jamming.  I have used the USB power when available and that has performed well.I have been pleasantly surprised with the audio levels.  Many times at a jam  you don't necessarily get to pick an appropriate vantage point to record everyone equally.  Several times it had to sit next to the drummer, or on the stairs or on the window sill in one case, and I was worried about being able to pick up all the instruments, but on the default settings it seems to pick everyone up and not get saturated.  One instrument may be louder than another but then I tweak it adding compression and eq as necessary to further enhance.The only times it has failed has been I didn't have enough battery, I didn't format the card and it ran out of room or I forgot to press the record button TWICE before recording.  The first arms the track, the second begins the recording.  For the price I bought two and just keep one in my guitar case...  I have not had reason to use the line in for the recorder, just the external mics.
Works great, sounds great, it's a bit on the large side but is solidly built and simple to operate. Tascam rocks.
Basically very good.  The buttons are fairly intuitive but some basic functions are incongrously hidden beneath multiple layers of menus.  The sound recorded, while crystal clear is a little on the quiet side even after adjustment of the record and play back features.
Best recorder for the money I've seen...Easy to use, easy to scroll through the menu and manipulate the settings...The nearest competitor to this is slightly slimmer, witch to me would not be a plus because I don't use this on a camera rig..The picture leads you to believe this is bigger than it actually is...Check out the youtube vids on it, i believe it to be more versatile than its competition, and the build quality is higher as well...The only thing the other has on this one is its size....
allotoday went to the stores to TEST out the followingtascams...dr 05,  dr 07 mk2, and dr 40  and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for YOUR  ears...are....dr 05,  this is a good quality toy...NO line in...use its own mic, you will be ok  with this, for meetings, etc.NOT really that good for  music...can be done, but NOT as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...HIGH background HISS noise  relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was MUCH quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or LINE inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingLINE in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved  checking  sound QUALITY  of bit more seriousLIVE recordings...took output from our  zoom r 24 recorder  and  input that to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting  CDs...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd,  vs...b / recorded dr40 and printed to cd...the sound was Obviously better  with  a /no need to buy  any  a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious  Master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect  2 units of zoom r24,  NOT wanting to use computer software,  taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box,  and getting them downto  2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 MIGHT do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k

This recorder is okay but it's far from perfect. No, I didn't expect it to be perfect but still, I refuse to give it more than 3 stars. It seems to pick up guitar sounds nicely. However, other sounds such as vocals and bass are horrible. I use this to practice with a band, and then I'll just listen to the arrangement later so I can practice by myself. For this much, I have no complaints. Besides that, I would never use this if I wanted a decent quality recording of anything.
Until 5-6 years ago there was a virtual void in high-quality personal digital recorders.  Then the Zoom H2 came along, and numerous variations on a theme were soon to follow.  I've owned both the H2 and the H1 and, though both have their strong points, the Tascam DR-05 has served me better than either. The H2 has pleasing 4-point sound and the H1, at half the size of the Tascam, works well for "stealth" as well as video recordings when mounted on a camera.  But both recorders are more complicated than necessary, with tricky menu systems, excessive tiny buttons (6 on one thin side of the H1), and dicey build quality.The Tascam addresses these shortcomings with a machine that's a pleasure to use.  There are no shaky, rattling parts, the controls are solid and instantly solved (easily manageable with a single thumb), and the wide-spread mic pattern is ideal for most stereo recordings of music (for dictation, I use a separate, small mic inserted in the topside input).  The machine reminds me of the far costlier Sony PCM-50 in terms of ease and convenience of operation. The Tascam's 320 kbps MP3 recordings of a grand piano strike my ears as no less authentic and sonically "present" than its 96/24 WAV files, and tweaking is held to the absolute minimum.  If you don't have $500 to spend and are looking for a woodshedding companion for day-in, day-out use, this is the one.
I got this to compliment my filming of events, concerts etc. After my first test recording, when I played back the audio using the built-in speaker I really thought that I had been duped into believing this device was 'studio quality' ...Then I listened to that same test recording using headphones, and WOW!! This has got to be heard to be believed! There are so many applications for this recorder; it's ease of operation and quick start-up time make it ideal for hurried set-ups.
i had a dr-07 that i loved but it mysteriously walked out during a gig we played at a local bar.  i got this one because it has similar features and it costs less.  i never used the reverb or overdubbing capabilities of the dr 07 anyway and i usually used it with the mics folded in.  i have recorded several rehearsals with this one and i cant tell a difference between the recordings i made with the dr 07 and the recordings from this one.  this recorder is great for recording band rehearsals.
