I received a selection of pics for a reasonable price. The variety of materials and thicknesses offered good opportunity to explore my options.
great picks. i like the feel and the control it provides. i like its texture and the size. just perfect.
I don't know how much you can say about picks, but this is a versatile pack. You get a multitude of types and there are 2 of each thickness. If you use a variety of picks or are wanting to test out other types of picks, this is for you.
Need a little variety in your life? well... Its nice never having to look for a pick they're just always around now
Simply a nice assortment of picks to try.  Worth a purchase just to experience the differences a simple pick change can make.
Great Selection of Dunlop Picks  it was a good choice of finding what type of picks i preferred.. Didnt know until i sampled quiet a few..
They are picks for guitars and they work. They also have pretty colors. Right now I am just writing to get the required words out. If you dont want anything heavy this is good for you.
I only use a few of them, it's good to find what style fits you. I'd recommend it for finding what suits you.
lots of different thicknesses and textures to try out and see what works or like the best, great picks sampler
Not cheap as far as pics are concerned, but it's definitely nice to get a variety pack now and then.  If you're new, it helps you find what you like.  if you're experience, you might like to keep different pics around while searching for that new sound.
i use thin picks, (.38, .46 and .50)  so this pack gets you thicker ones too which i don't use.  i actually like the dunlop brand/material so once i get used to thicker ones, i'll try these.  the pack only have .50 and thicker in case you're looking for very thin ones.  if so, then don't buy this sample pack.  go and buy the Dunlop Nylon .38 or .46
I bought the wrong pack(Was supposed to buy the light/medium pack) but its alright these picks let me try out a bunch of different gauges and materials to see what fit me best. My favorite pick out of this bunch was  the Dunlop Jazz 3 pick. It would be great if the item name was changed to like 'Dunlop 12 Med/Heavy pick variety pack' but that might be me being too picky.
The sampler pack was a good variety of pick thicknesse and are useful in finding out what type of picks are most useful in playing various guitar styles.
