yes you can tweak it so its less, but cant even use it for recording with or without an amp so much hiss its unusable.
I'll keep it short: I owned a Boss EQ pedal in the past and didn't have much luck with it. I tried and tried and tried to hone in the sound I was looking for but the Boss just wouldn't do it for me. Fast forward a few years and I purchase this little baby on a whim.  Man, am I glad I did!  The 6 sliders made it very easy to dial in the exact tone I was looking for.  A small boost of the first two sliders gave my amp more bottom-end than it could ever manage on its own, and a small boost of the last two provided more of a balanced, well-rounded sound.  Love it and wouldn't wanna part with it!The pedal itself is built like a rock.  I imagine nothing shy of nuclear war could dent this thing.  The individual sliders, although not quite as Ford-tough as the rest of the pedal (haha), feel nice and slide easy.  Each slider lights up red when engaged, which not only looks cool but makes it very easy to see on a dimly lit stage.If you're on the fence about an EQ or which EQ brand to buy, I recommend you give this little monster a stomp.
This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. EQ is very sensitive and delivers as it should. I actually believe this will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
Bought this on a whim.  It works well when utilized with the amp in direct fashion.  When used with a pedalboard rig, it doesn't add much except for hiss, unfortunately.  Sweet sound with an older Fender amp unit, though.  Does not sound good with updated equipment, Line 6 equipment, Roland units.  I'd say definitely do not get this if you're a tech or gear head.  Get it if you're a simple player with few FX in your arsenal.  It does sound good when just utilized with amp and guitar, amp, wah, and guitar, or amp, wah, guitar, and expression pedal.  Nothing else I've tied it to has seemed to work out, though.  Probably a wasted product with where I'm headed as a technical player, but good for beginners and intermediate levels.  Into King Crimson/Fripp styles?  Don't go for this for modeling.
This little box will give it to you. I personally play bass and I have a thing for long effect chains. I count in my little arsenal with fuzz, distorions, auto wah, a compressor, octaver, bass booster and a nice DI Box. The MXR EQ helps me a great deal to "recuperate" definition and clarity after this long effect chains that I love. A great little box.So if you are looking for clarity, definition and even a little extra punch for your sound the MXR EQ will do the trick.Cheers!!!
I have been disappointed with the last EQ pedal I owned witch was a Boss GE7, it was very honkey and colored my tone to much, this pedal is much more musical the layout of the essential frequency's is great, plus they are lighted and very ez to see. and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and will last for ever
I have had several MXR pedals through the years ... I have always found their quality to be very good for the price ... in fact, some of their pedals exceed the competitors' products for less than half the price ... (to each his own and certainly there are higher levels of quality out there but just because it is priced more doesn't mean it is that much better)If you need a little tone sweetener, this pedal can deliver ... with flatter EQ's it is fairly noiseless ... but as with all EQ's, if you boost certain frequencies pretty high, you will get some noise ...Simple to use and I particularly like the lighted LEDs for each band ... this feature makes this unit a good choice for the stage ...As with all MXR pedals, it is built solid and road-rugged ...For the price, this is a nice pedal, simple to use and built to last
