These are the best strap locks in my opinion, good quality, easy to install and remove, secure, and they look good.  All my guitars have these locks on them and I'm very satisfied.
In particular, I favor the Dual Design. Why? If the need arises, it's possible to use a regular strap that doesn't have the button locks installed. I have two of the black ones on a 7 string Ibanez RG7321, and Laguna LE200QBC guitars. I have spare straps for both guitars, and sometimes I lock those spares with the plastic Dunlop discs.I have some older bass guitars with similar Dunlop locks (the standard version), two of which had locks installed in the mid 1990's, and one from 2003 with the gold DD. All three of them have held up with no issues. I didn't need to re-tighten the screws on those guitars until about two years ago. Then again, I don't tour around the world like the metal stalwarts known as ... MetallicA. ;)
So I bought these because being Dunlop, I trust the brand. I dont even mind that they are sorta big and bulky. The only problem I have is, they scare the piss out of me. Its not a "tighten washer and nut" situation with what ive normally seen on strap locks. These have pegs that insert. Its so hard for me to trust these, I always have 1 hand gripped firmly on guitar even if just adjusting the amp I clench my guitar. So scared that the little metal balls things will just slip, peg fall out and ruin a $500 guitar. I havnet had a single problem with this system yet, and I never hope that I do. But if it happens there will be an update to this. Good product so far, just wouldn't recommend it. There is too much crap in the world to be worried about, strap locks shouldnt be one of those things.
The screws are too long for my very thin bodied Gibson SG Classic.  I can not find shorter screws which fall into the pin so that the straplock will work either---the heads are all too large.I believe I used these on my Gibson Les Paul Custom years ago, and they worked perfectly.  Not on my newer SG though--at least with the new screws it comes with.Fender Start appears to take the system well--only time will tell.
yes, if your willing to swap out strap locks with originals these work fine...i did have a problem with drilling new holes into my guitars...but its explained what  size bit to use so wasnt a big problem...i tried not to drill on most of my guitars  some fit without drilling some did not..good luck...good price welll made..
best strap locks ive ever used, dunlop has always had great products.easy to install and i highly recomend them to any bass player
Almost dropped my bass on the floor a couple days before i got these bad boys. When I put them on I felt confident that I wouldn't have that issue anymore. It's easier to strap up because of the quick release tab. This should be every bassist/guitarist's best friend.
I tried this model a few years ago, and I never had a problem with them (once I got it installed), but I went back to the Schallers I had on my other instruments.  I thought (and this has been mentioned by others) that it makes the strap stick too far out from the instrument, which I thought looked goofy.  I also didn't particularly care for the push button release, and getting the locking part on the end of my thick strap was a challenge; these have a C clamp, not a nut, so there's no allowance for differing thickness. I also felt safer with the Schallers, which hook onto the end of the guitar strap button and didn't depend on a spring loaded button to keep the parts together.  As I said, I had no real problems with them, so if they look like they'd work for you, great.  As with all replacement strap locks/buttons, you have to make sure the screws are secure in the button holes before you start jumping off of drum risers, dropped out of airplane, or what have you.
I had to actually follow the instructions and drill holes as specified, then it worked like a charm!  Glad I got them, much less hassle tuning up for a gig.
These strap locks were easy to install and use right off the bat. You may have to drill deeper holes into your guitar in order to use them. Just follow the instructions and you can easily attach and detach your strap whenever you feel like it.
I've tried a few different straplock options and these are the best. Not only do they securely hold the strap to the guitar they also look pretty good. Highly recommend.
Great product, I've use them before and have always thought they were top quality.  They aren't much larger than the originals that came with the guitar and that extra piece of mind is great!  Easy installation without any modification (at least on mine) and they connect/hold very solid.  Just make sure the buttons are all the way in or you could have mishap ;)
they work well. For me, the instalition wasn't that hard, it took me maybe four or five minutes. The screws provided were a bit bigger than my BC Rich Avenge Beast's stock strap system, BUT when you read the directions and lube the screws up with a small amount of bar soap (or wax- i used the bar soap though) the installation becomes easier.Once you put your strap in, its NOT comming out unless you try hard to undo the system, lol.If you need to clean your guitar strap, take off the locking pin and use a flat head screw drive to pop off the retainer clip. Its a quick and harmless way to do it and it may take about a minute or two to undo both strap locks. Its not that hard though and the reward is worth it.
No complaints about this hardware.  Easy to install with patience, easy to use.  The click on/off system securely holds your strap, and prevents the strap binding from slipping off the post.These work like a light switch...on/off, so I'm not sure how you can rate them as poor.  There aren't really any directions, so it takes a little mechanical knowledge (just a little...it's not rocket science) to make them work.Quality metal, secure function, and easily replaces posts on instruments already equipped with standard strap posts.I've installed these on a 3/4 Hoener, Full Sized Squire Acoustic, and 2 Fender Strat's.
After receiving theDunlop Dual Design Straplok Systemalready installed on my Gibson Standard electric(7.36 lbs.), and liking them, I decided to try installing them on my Gibson Studio electric (7.23 lbs.). Noproblem. Just follow the instructions exactly and they will work perfectly.I had no problem either installing them nor using them since the installation. Money well spent makingsure my stringed instrument does not accidentally fall to the ground. Besides safety I also like being ableto swap out my straps on my guitars. It's a nice convenience. If you are so inclined you can use the samestrap for all your guitars.If you are not sure if they will work on your brand guitar seek out an online forum and either search thatforum for the answer or join and ask your questions. You've got a pricy piece of wood there and will wantto take care of it properly.What I don't care for, but feel okay with because they work so well, is how big they seem to be. Theydon't get in the way when being used but look almost out of place. That is why I chose Black for mysecond set. Helps keep the product's profile down a bit. Other than that, the product works asadvertised....NOTE: As of June 2014 I have installed two other sets and all are still working as expected. Do rememberto check and make sure your hardware is secure. After repeated use the screws can come loose and therewill be trouble if this happens. Do NOT use any glue in case you need to swap out the Straploks in thefuture.
Very easy to install, rock solid, and in my opinion, look much better than Schaller locks.Grab a set, you wont be disappointed.
This product is a must.  Why?..... because it makes strap install and removal so simple and reliable,...and when the strap is clipped into place it is secure.  I've owned numerous Straplok systems on the various bass guitars I've owned, and would not ever own an instrument without installing this system.
I have two sets of these for my straps.  The push button action is most convenient vs. fighting stubborn leather openings, especially if new.  The gold finish matches my instrument's hardware and they are sturdy and durable.  Works for me!
It's worth a few extra dollars and a little extra time to install these. It sure beats fixing a cracked neck, headstock, or guitar body after a guitar slips off the strap pins and falls for a great height!
Oh Yeah, Love this item, sleek looking and very easy to maintain, would definitely buy again for next strap, thank you Jim Dunlop.
I have had these on a Les Paul for years and just purchased some more for the rest of my guitars.  Does what it says it will do - keeps your strap locked on.  I have had zero issues with these.  The installation takes 2 minutes, and has stood up to countless hours of play.  Highly recommended!
these dunlop straploks are amazing! never had them fail on me, and always gave me a good piece of mind knowing that my guitar is safe from hitting the floor on stage or at home, they stay secure when done properly, I've looked at other strap locks and tried some others but the dunlop ones just seem to work, and work well.
Very high quality they look as nice as my Fender originals .  Make sure to take your time installing them correctly and consider using a quality wood glue / adhesive during installation.  You want to make sure they can be removed at a later date without damaging the guitar .
i've had these straplocks for a few years now and they haven't failed me once! i love them, and i never have to worry about my guitars getting damaged from a strap falling off or so. they rotate in full circles, and are super durable. you should buy them for all your guitars, and you'll never have to worry again. they are also very easy to use, and &#34;install&#34;.
This is the first time I've used the Dunlop Straploks system.  I've always used the competition.  These work just as well.  I guess you just have to make sure you lube the little ball bearings once in a while.
What's great about the Dunlop design:They work!  The only thing you need to do is ensure you've got them engaged properly at the time you attach your strap onto your guitar i.e. just make sure you established a solid connection then go ahead and gig your rear-end off without worry.The design encorporates bearings that allow the strap to freely move around/rotate on the post, which is exactly what you want.  The schaller ones (see below) have a major flaw in them from my family's experience.  We will never run anything other than this design going forward.What doesn't work with the Schaller Design:Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist have been using Shaller-style locks for a while now.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend. The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We tried to make the Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.
Straplocks have been around for a long time, but now You can use the instrument with a regular strap as well, This dual design sold me on it..Easy to install on the guitar. A little difficult getting the lock mechanism installed on the strap, still only took about ten minutes to do.  The added security of knowing your 1200 dollar bass isn't going to hit the floor makes it very well worth the small cost of this item..
I have never owned a Straplock system prior to owning these Dunlops, and boy am I amazed!  Every straplock system I've used in the past, on friends' guitars, semi-permanently mounted the strap to the guitar - often with extra ties and all manner of things that made it impractical to detach the strap on a whim.  In contrast, these locks have a mechanism that make it trivially easy to pop the strap on and off - it's great!  Better still, the hardware fit almost perfectly into my existing screw holes, making installation trivial.  And the new posts are so close in size and shape to the old ones that I think I could slap any strap onto my guitar in a pinch, using the posts like the OEM ones.  This is a great system, and I would highly recommend it for anyone who uses a strap on any electric guitar.
I use these on my basses and they do the job quite well.. They are easy to install on the bass and the strap.
These came stock on my Jackson Kelly KEXMG. All the other guitars I own have Schaller buttons on them and I have one main strap I use for all of the guitars. I figured since the guitar came with them I would try them out. Not twenty min later I was removing them and putting Schaller buttons in their place. Here the 3 major reasons I did not like them over Schaller:1- Bulky. They stick out too far and on any guitar with a strap button on the back it jabs you in the stomach or below!2- Problems engaging. I would push them into the receiver and they pop back out. It wasn't until I forced them in while pushing the button that they went in a stayed in. Schallers click in and you know they are ready to go.3- Cheap. They just feel cheap. Thin metal is used in comparison to the Schallers; which have a very heavy and solid feel to them.For a few bucks more I'll stick with Schaller's. I have been using them for 10+ years and have never seen one fail.
I've been using the same Straploks on all my guitars for the past 10+ years.  I have not had one fail on me ever.  Just be sure to tug on it after you put your strap on to make sure it's on right.  I've struggled with the C clip in the past, but what are you going to do?  It's a one time thing when you first install, so it's no biggie.
I was very disappointed in both the quality and engineering of this product. A work-around for the main issue follows the review. The flaws that bother me in order of significance are:1) Quality: Very weak soft-metal screws. Using minimal force and a well aligned driver there was some damage to the screw-heads on all 4 that I worked with. 2 of them rounded out so much that I was afraid they would be hard to remove later, causing me to run to the hardware store for higher quality replacement screws.2) Engineering : The instructions recommend, and the screws (the ones that come with the straplocks) are designed for a #2 Phillips screwdriver. However, a standard #2 driver is too big to fit into the strap-buttons. So you are likely to have to choose between grinding down a screwdriver to fit, or using a #1 which will increase the impact of the first problem above since it is the wrong tool for the job.3) Engineering : The point of connection for the strap is 5/8th of an inch out from the guitar. The strap button has a radius about 3/16ths of an inch. Therefore any lateral stress (i.e. weight of the guitar) is magnified by more than 3x due to leverage pulling outward on the screw. A 9 pound guitar would be applying a constant 27 to 30 pounds of force on the screw and the wood around it (half that when the weight is distributed evenly on two strap buttons of course). Get a little too active on stage and the level of force could go way higher.Realistically, if the screws weren't total crap, this might have been a 3 or 4 star review. Once you deal with the fact that a normal screwdriver won't fit and get the things properly installed, it would probably work out for most people. So if you are stuck with a set, here's what I recommend:Go to a hardware store and buy #6 x 1" oval-head stainless steel replacement screws. Note that these won't fit properly, but they are the closest match and can be modified. (They are 21 cents each at my local stores, and would have cost Dunlop maybe 10 cents more in bulk than what they paid for the crap screws that come with this.)Put the screw into an electric drill (pointy end in) so the screw head is rotating smoothly when you operate the drill. Run the drill while using a file or a belt sander to take a fraction of the diameter off the screw head. It doesn't need much. I used a belt sander and it took about 20 seconds each. While you are at it, file down a cheap #2 screwdriver so it will fit into the strap button.Install with the new screws as normal, and recommend that your friends try a different brand!
The very first thing I noticed about the design is how far from the guitar's surface the strap is actually connected.  What this tells me is there is considerable added stress to the screw and the wood surrounding it because of the added leverage to the guitar's weight.  The &#34;fulcrum&#34; is the surface of the wood, if this makes sense, and I can't help but wonder if it could eventually (eventually over much time and use) cause cracks or splits as a result.I found someone selling only the Dunlop strap buttons, which is a great idea for someone with 2 main straps and several guitars, and was about to order them when I found Planet Waves Elliptical End Pins.  I think this is the best idea yet for keeping a guitar on a strap, unless you're going to be spinning the guitar around your shoulders, and no additional stress on the guitar's body.  I've ordered a set.
Sorry, I don't like these as they're just too big. They stand out too much. They do work and they're effective but they are too pronounced. There are many good alternatives; strap gaskets, strap locks, undoing the pin and putting it straight into the guitar strap.  Again, they work, but they're not aesthetic nor elegant. I also got a gold set for my bass and now it looks like I should be wearing big purple platforms when I play. Not cool.
I like these straplocks, but they were a little tight to get on a Levy's strap.  I did manage to get it on.  However, I found it was easier just to buy a strap for each guitar.
Quick snap on and off. Sturdy.  If it is not convenient, it won't be used.  In this case, it is very convenient and easy to use, hence, your prized guitar will not drop to the floor by accident.  Well worth the money spent!
I agree with another reviewer that the included screws strip much too easy.  I purchased a set of these strap locks years ago, and I dont recall having this issue, so I'm thinking that Dunlop changed the screws at some point.  I was luckily able to get the screws in with some muscle, and the locks are secure.  However, due to this issue, I'm considering other alternatives for another guitar of mine that could use strap locks.  I hope Dunlop fixes this issue soon.
The Dunlop Dual Design Straplock System is a sturdy, fairly easy-to-assemble and easy-to-install alternative to guitar straps slipping off of instruments.  The screws that are used to attach the Straplok to the guitar are heavy gauge and pretty large--there's little chance that these are going to come out.  The locking mechanism seems like it is secure and should require little maintenance.  The only disadvantage of the Dunlop system to Schaller's system is that the the Dunlop sticks out measurably farther from the guitar's body.  Ordinarily, it seems like this should be only the most minor of inconveniences.  On an instrument such as a Hofner "violin" bass, though, or any guitar with a strap button on the back of the instrument, this makes it difficult to hold the body of the instrument against your body for support.  Schaller's strap locks might look a little more elegant to some players.  The Dunlop Straplok System is sturdy, should provide a long life of service, and can be found at a better price than several of its competitors.  Recommended for most guitar body styles
Installed on two guitars and I love them! I can switch out many different guitar straps without worrying that they will fall off. Great product, would recommend to any guitar player!
These are great.  I have these on all my guitars.  Only problem is the clip on install to the strap.  If you can't get it done google for install videos which will show you how to use a pliers to push the clip into place.  Once installed you are good for life.
I know this is a great product.  I've had a set before.  I have to knock off a star because a part was lost during shipping that renders the product useless.  The product comes in a clam shell package.  For me it shipped with some heavier stuff that impacted the package and let it open some.  There are two retaining clips that slipped out and since the main shipping box wasn't fully taped up one slipped completely out of the box and is probably on the floor of some warehouse or truck somewhere.  I found the rest of the small parts in the box and the larger parts still in the clam shell package but without the one retaining clip the system is useless.The product is too inexpensive to bother with a return.  If I find a retaining clip that will work (I do have one to compare with) then I can use it.That said, I'll say again, the Straplok System is a great product.  I know, I've owned another set for more than twenty years!
A little story to back these lock's integrity.  I installed them on a Korean made Washburn WG-587v.  Incredible guitar after tweaking.  I did a guitar spin at a show and the guitar went flying.  The strap lock was still on the strap and locked into the holder.  The screw had ripped out of the horn of the guitar!  The screw tore through about a half inch of solid wood (and I epoxy all my screws in) before the strap lock broke.  Amazing.Nice, tough hardware.  The only complaint I have is that you must use screws with small heads if you choose not to use the stock screws provided.  Easy to install, just unscrew your stock strap holder and screw in the lock holder.  Attach the lock to your strap and BAM quick release system.  Fast to take on and off of your guitar.I would suggest getting a tough, thick leather strap with a nice reinforced eye to install the quick release button in, cheap lightweight straps will eventually start to tear.  Also, the button can be a slight pain to get on certain straps.I have now switched over to DiMarzio clip lock straps instead of the leather straps with Dunlop locks for many reasons and I am very happy, but this product is GRADE A! I always felt 100% secure with these straplocks.  Our bass player uses some expensive (and heavy) Fender basses and he loves these strap locks.
I've been using these straplocks for over 10 years now and never had a guitar or bass break free on me either live or in the studio...they simply work and cost next to nothing to boot. Folks, this is the best insurance you can buy for protecting you precious instrument from popping off of you strap, even if you do some serious gymnastics on stage it's not going anywhere. This is a must have, just buy it!
I'm in love with the dual design system! It works extremely well and allows me to switch between straps easily and quickly. There is one downside to this system, as the strap that is used will be fairly far away from the guitar itself. Which might not be a bad thing considering wear and tear on the guitar from the strap. There was one hiccup while putting this together for the first time. One component, which was this thin but big washer was pretty hard to install and the directions weren't much help either. The directions did have it on there where it is supposed to go, but I didn't know the name of the piece nor could I readily find it in there. After that, I installed this into my new guitar and strap and, I was ready to go. I HIGHLY recommend this! It is much easily to switch out straps w/o the possibility of striping the screws or boring into the screw hole and cracking some of the wood in the process.
I've been using these Fender straplocks over the last year:Fender 099 0818 300 F Straplock ChromeThe problem with those is that they use screws to secure that part that is on the strap itself, and the screw will slowly back itself out and you get yourself a disaster. I've decided to try these because they use a "dual" system: you can use the lock on your strap, or just use your "regular" strap without the locking mechanism. I've only been using these for a week, but so far, I like them much better than Fender's. I think I will replace all Fender straplocks with these.I do agree with the others on the fact that the screws are of lower quality, and the screw heads will strip if you're not careful. When I was installing these strap nuts, I screw in a half turn at a time, and applied lots of pressure so that the the head won't strip. If you can get over the installation, you got yourself a pretty good locking strap.
I have used Dunlop Straplocks for 32 years. I bought the original style years ago for my Strat, Les Paul and Partscaster; the last two having the most weight.These things have lasted through gigging and anything else i can throw at them with no problem. I ordered strap pins only a few months ago to put on a few more recent guitars and one of the push button locks finally went out. It was on the strap I used the most for the heavier guitars so I got some mileage out of that thing. I ordered a whole set of new ones here last month and put the locks on a new strap and the buttons on another guitar.I suggest these over the other brands - watch what touring bands use. These things lay flat and there are no protruding parts to catch. If you happen to be without a strap with locks on it, these new pins can be used like regular pins but are larger so a strap will be pretty much secure.The price is good, price them anywhere else and include shipping. I always buy strings, picks or other stuff to get free shipping.
Good Quality, great price, easy to install, easy to lock and unlock, fast delivery. Better than going to the always overpriced Guitar Center.
I always purchase Grovers for my guitar straps but my 2014 Gibson Les Paul Standard Plus had a bigger strap knob so I bought this Dunlop and it fit the guitar perfectly. A good guitar is a big investment and you owe it to yourself to protect your investment with a good strap locking system.
These are good if you have a few of guitars and got a favorite strap.  Buy alot of extra buttons i got allparts.  seems really sturdy and well made.
I went a long time convincing myself that I didn't need these.  I had numerous times when my strap would come undone - fortunately never during a performance.  These solved the problem.  I still check, but they just won't pull out or release.
These guys are rock-solid and really easy to install. Any time I get a new instrument I change the stock buttons out for Dunlops!
I have these on my Jazz Bass, my guitar player has another brand. We were playing a HUGE downtown street gig in Altanta and were throwing T shirts to the crowd. Bending down, picking them up, then throwing. My guitar player had a different lock system, and his $1000 Les Paul fell to the stage, completely knocking it out of tune. Mine stayed locked perfectly...
they work. its great not worrying about dropping your instrument on stage. ive done it  it sucked! worth every penny!
Have them on four guitars. Never a malfunction. Easy installation and use. Watch out for bridge interference when screwing in the back lok. Might require a slightly shorter screw on some basses.
Work very well, nice low profile, easy push button on and off but, it is true, not good for thick straps. And the Gold Tone ones discolor easy with minimal use.
These are really great guitar locks!! I use them on all my guitars, and I would highly recommend them to anyone!!
These work just like you want them to.  But a new strap and put these on right away.  It's worth it.
i have purchased 5 of these strap locks. i would recommend them to all. they work good. very solid hold. thanks
Again I feel line I work for Dunlop.....I don't just love the products .all my guitars and Basses have these locks
I replaced the Schaller strap locks on my Strat with these. The Schaller ones ground on the connecting hardware to the point where I had to oil them a few times a month or I'd end up with an audible creak.Hands-down I like the Dunlop ones more. They installed in just a few minutes and the guitar feels very secure. No problems whatsoever. I just ordered my third set a few minutes ago.I'm a total convert - every new guitar I get is going to get a set of these put on it.
I put a pair of these on every guitar that I own.  I have a lot of extra strap clips around since I have many more guitars than straps, but these are great; they are all plenty tough, and if I find myself with my Straplok'd strap, it's nice that these work fine with a normal strap in a pinch.
Do as the manual says, lube them up every so often, and these will work like a charm. I got these after an unfortunate incident with my strap slipping off of the strap button, and taking a chip out of the binding. The black ones work well with most finishes, and it works with most straps, as long as the ends aren't ridiculously thick. Inside of the box, it came with 2 screw sizes. One thing to note however is that these make the strap protrude much farther out of the guitar than normal. No biggie however, as most straps are adjustable, so just adjust for the change in strap position, and you're golden!
My bass had original-equipment Dunlops on it, but they were silver-tone, whereas all my other hardware is gold.  And after 30 years, they looked kind of dirty and tarnished.  So, I knew it was time for a new gold set, and I couldn't be happier with their look and quality.  I have used that other S-brand on other instruments, and really prefer the Dunlops.
About 4 years ago,  one of my friend dropped his bass and its body broke in half. that bass had regualr strap button, ever since then he use this dunlop straplok system. i recently built a bass myself and i install this one. it's very easy to install, very straight forward to use it. it holds my jazz bass without any problem. i would buy this from now on for all my electic guitars.
These are the ONLY straplocks I use, and I have them for ALL of my guitars.  They are the only ones I trust.  They are solid, secure, and they look great.  And the push button release makes them pretty convenient too, without sacrificing security.  Love 'em!!
This the second set of strap locks that I've owned. They are a little difficult to attach to the strap if the thickness of the strap is a bit on the thicker side. The quick release and secure connection are great.
Dunlop is not the best strap lock system because it's a pain to switch which way the lock is pointing and people complain that the button is easy to unhook while playing. I can see the merits of screw on locks, what with the ease of switching the locks, but these work fine for me.
I hate spending 13 bucks on a couple little pieces of hardware that probably cost 13 cents to make, but its better than the 20 bucks local music shops want for this same set.  Overall they work really well and look sharp.  They fit perfectly on my Schecter Hellraiser.  Very happy with my purchase.
The Dunlop strap locks work pretty well, but the standard hole cut in a standard leather strap is not big enough to accomidate the locking buttons.  The strap has to be modified by increasing the size of the holes.  This for all intents and purposes means that you will not be able to use that strap with standard strap buttons ever again.They do work as advertised and they are easy to take on and off for strap adjustment when required.
I play guitar and keyboard and, sometimes, I need to quickly put guitar on my back to play keyboards. I would not do that without this straplok.
The first thing I do when I get a new instrument, is put a straplok on it before gigging with it.They're easy to install, I haven't had one fail on me yet.I have straploks on nine instruments right now, and I just ordered another for my new bass...I can't recommend them highly enough!
I&#8217;ve used strap locks before and never found any to be easy to attach or remove but these are well made and easy to use. Very secure. The best I&#8217;ve used so far.
I don't know if this is a common problem, but i have these on both of my basses, and one of the arms that attaches to the actual body of the instrument is starting to show some sort of blemishing, like metal does before it rusts, it is literally only one of the arms out of 4 i have so i think it was just a random thing. The problem is that it makes it so my strap doesn't just spin free in it so the screw keeps getting loose, and one time (the first time) i didn't notice and it actually fell out. Notice i still like the product, this was just one of those things i think, so I would still recommend it.
I like this strap lock very strong very sturdy! Keeps things in place.. one problem.. The coating will wear out in a short time (a few months) and if you never take it off it might rust a bit on the inside. This might make it a bit hmm I don't want to say hard to lock, but you'd better make sure it is actually locked every time you fit it on by tugging on the thing to be sure, Mine has un-clipped a couple times because I didn't check. Our climate is humid so it's rust friendly which could contribute to why I'm having issues. However once clipped properly you shouldn't have issues! Great buy
