This is a modeling amp.  IT has several presets, to emulate different sounds.  They factory settings for these are pretty good, and all but the first bank (of three) can be adjusted and saved as new presets on the amp.  If you get the fender fuse software (license comes with the amp) you can get some pretty amazing &#34;pre&#34; sets from fender and other users.This is not a massive cabinet, so you aren't going to get that &#34;big&#34; a sound, regardless. But for a small room it's great!Common complaint I have seen:  No clean channel/preset.This is not the case.  There are a couple of factory presets that are &#34;clean&#34; although some people want cleaner.  You can either adjust the gain/vol yourself or download one of several VERY nice very clean presets from the fender forums.  That said, one of my guitars is edgy, it wants to overdrive the amp.  Another doesn't, and is very clean, even on the factory preset clean.I very nearly got a different amp.  I went to a music store and a salesman showed me a Mustang II.  I was sold when he showed me what all it could do - then showed me the price for a Mustang I!!  For ~$100 USD this is about as much as you could possibly ask for.It'll keep me busy for a long time.
I bought this amp to use for practicing the electric guitar. There is so much debate out there about amps vs solid state (this is a solid state). People will make ridiculous claims if you choose not to purchase a $400 tube amp to practice through. (&#34;You're not getting the right tone, man....&#34; The problem with that is, there are several companies out there Marshall, Fender, Vox, Orange, etc....and they all have a variety of tube amps to choose from and they all begin in price around this one. So, I figured, before I committed to a company, maybe I could just use this Fender to emulate some of those sounds I want.That worked out beautifully. Though I am very much a beginner, I have a greater appreciation for the nuances an amp's eq can have on your guitar's tone. I thought I needed pedals to have some of these effects, instead I can just change the channel to a preset and there is all the flanger/reverb/modulation I need. I have got to the point where I understand about how just adjusting my volume/switching pickups and using the built in guitar knobs can alter my tone enough to stand out when I want to.I would not have been able to do that without this amp. This amp helped me develop as a beginner so I wouldn't waste money buying other things, beginners think they should get. Excellent amp and I recommend getting this over the Mustang II. Save the difference for your real amp that will come when you actually know a little more.
I bought this along with a new guitar for my daughter, as she is learning to play. My son has also joined in the fun. This is a pretty complex amp, and will require quite a bit of time to figure out everything that it can do. It can be a little daunting for a newbie.
My first review was a knee-jerk reaction to this amp as it had no manual with it.  I couldn't get it to sound like I wanted it to.....I WAS SO WRONG IN GIVING IT ONLY 2 STARS...I must now rerate it with a 5 star.  This amp does almost too much for the money.  My only wish is that a manual came with it as you really need to spend some serious time playing with it to see the depth this thing has.  It can do ANYTHING and sound any way you want it too.WOW, I never knew my guitar could sound like this.  It actually gives you any sound or personality you want it to have.  I am beginning to love this thing and it will surely be my favorite Amp when I totally figure it out, if I ever do.  The sound production is endless as there are so many setting and different combinations of settings.So, in short, forgive me as I have sinned and judged too early.  BUY this thing but give yourself some time to familiarize yourself with it.  If you are looking for a small, plug and play amp...this isn't it.  But it you're looking for a powerful sound with endless possibilities. this IS it.  It is growing on me and I wouldn't part with it now.
Luv it, I had version #1 and this amp isnt much different.they both are cheap and sound great plus u can connect to the computer software
Do not expect this to sound like a Fender Frontman with 2 x 12" speakers. But for practicing in your bedroom or similar it's perfect. Plenty of sound effects to mess around with. Are they as good as dedicated $100 per stomp box effects? Probably not, but so what. Just found out the best part of this amp. You can connect it via the USB port to your PC not only for using the rather cheesy Fender software, but it lets you pipe your guitar's sounds into software like Garage Band. You can thus save yourself a dedicated audio interface like an M-Audio M-Track or similar. PS: It is not recommended to go directly from the guitar to the MIC or LINE IN in of your computer (even with the right adapter plugs) as the impedances will not be right. On top of that, I have connected the Mac's headphone audio out to the amp's AUX in! Sounds MUCH better than listening to the PC's normal puny speakers.UPDATE: While the built in USB interface does work, a dedicated device with good pre-amps like the Focusrite 2i2 is much better in getting guitar audio into a computer.UPDATE TO THE UPDATE: While I am keeping this amp for convenience I have quickly learned that NOTHING can match a real tube amp. You can simulate all you want (and I am talking much more expensive SW solutions, its like imitation chocolate vs. REAL chocolate. Got the Marshall DSL 40 Watt combo. Amazing sound.
