I bought this to tote my POD HD500 around.  It fits snugly, but well.  The accessory pocket can fit the power supply and the plastic Line 6 expression pedal.  The shoulder strap makes me feel important.  it respects my arm's desire for freedom of movement.  My only qualm is that it's Gator brand, and gators remind me Florida.  I'd rather just pretend that Florida didn't exist.
I purchased this case for my newLine 6 POD HD 500. It's a well built, solid case for the price. It fits the HD 500 very snugly and has large pocket on the front for cables. I wouldn't drop my POD in this thing, but as a basic light duty carrying case it does the job very well.
I bought this specifically for a GT-100. It fits, snuggly, almost like it was designed for it. There is enough room in the front pocket for the power supply, input and output cables and maybe a little more. I was also able to put a 3/4&#34; binder in on top of the GT-100 which sort of protects the screens and knobs a bit more, and provides a place for the stupid lead sheet binder than never fits in my other cases.This bag is a good size as just an accessory bag to carry along with a guitar and a combo amp if you have a couple pedals and cables, or some odds and ends you want to bring along.Pros--------Looks like the same basic quality as my other gator bags-GT-100 Fits like a snug glove (with just a little use it will be perfect)-Front pocket- Reasonable priceCons-------- They cost reduced their logo from a thread stiched logo to a cheap vinyl like silk screen or iron on patch. (unlike product photo) and it doesn't match all my other gator bags. Not a big deal, but worth mention.- Other similar gator bags I own have a wrap around padded handle that velcros the two handles together once the bag is closed. This does not.Overall good product, but would have liked that other padded wrap around handle and the &#34;non cost reduced&#34; logo.
Not much I can add to the review that isn't well covered already. It's a nice bag that offers some protection for your equipment. There are some design flaws that I could see giving some people trouble over time. But overall it's a great product.I just wanted to add that it will work for the HD500X with enough room for all the cables/power-supplies needed for effects pod & digital wireless rig.
Mine came flattened in a little box.  I wasn't happy that its form was deformed.  Well in a few days it popped back into shape so I didn't have to ship it back.  A good sign!I am using it for both some music and computer stuff.  The bag is well made considering its price.  You cannot even get a backpack for this price.  I love its depth.  A number of these types of bags are too shallow so the zipper is about to burst once loaded.  This is a solid 4"+ depth and cozy padding around it for protection.  Be sure to check out all the dimensions though.  Its very long - I was a bit surprised but that was me misreading it.  I think I saw "micro" and thought shorter.Not only is this a great music tote but also a decent computer / electronic or other tool tote for equipment that is wider than a brief bag or backpack.  I'm thinking of getting another because of this.The only minus is that I wish the outside pocket was a little larger and maybe had an inside pocket or folder / paper slot.  But these are just wish list items.  Finding padded bags this size is a pain so if you need this your options are limited.  Lucky this is a good option.
This bag works perfectly for the Digitech RP 1000 or pedals of the same size. I also use it for an older Digitech pedal and works like a charm. The construction seems to be sturdy and so far I' ve had no problems with the zippers. The side pocket is very convenient to store lines and plugs and the handles are very comfortable. Very good product.
A snug fit for the POD HD 500. Knocked one star off because the weight distribution is a little awkward when using the strap on my shoulder.
