Good design, easy to hang on to these picks.  Reasonable price makes it even better.  I don't often use picks, but when I do, I use these.  I will buy more in the future.
I collect picks (or plectrums if you're a purist) and that's because I'm trying to see how & where I can use a new pick. My first pick was a shark fin and I loved all of the ways you could hit the strings with those picks. Now we have the BEEHOLD picks.What I like about this pick is the 'stinger' or the longer point to hit the strings with. Sure the octagon hole in the center makes it less of a challenge to hold on to but that's not been much of a hindrance to me. Rather this pick's design makes it easier for my holding hand to hit the strings without my palm's fleshy part accidentally touching the strings.I found running leads & scales with this pick to be a delight! I like heavier picks so I chose the 1.00 mm as that was the size I started off with from my first guitar teacher who recommended heavy picks. I've found this pick to be great for strumming & rhythm patterns equally as well as for serious lead playing.Another thing is that with the design, I've found that I need not squeeze this pick as hard as I have to like I do with a Tortex pick and that makes playing so much more fun.Overall I give this pick 5 out of 5 stars & will be using these for many years to come.
I like this pick ,the hole helps from the pick sliding on your fingers , its not soft or to hard of a pick ,,I like it,
Bought this pick looking for options around the old "dropped pick" syndrome. I was skeptical, as the pick at first glance seems slicker than most. However, once between thumb and index finger, these darlings hang on!
Not my favorite pick but pretty close, they are solid and haven't dropped one yet..I wish someone would make a grippy texture pick with a hole in it too...
I have recently come back to the guitar after several years on hiatus. I have several bad habits, including a tendency to need to grip the pick too tightly or I drop it at some point. On a bit of a lark I bought a pack of the Clayton BeeHolds (0.5mm,) and really like them. The hexagonal hole really does make them stay in place with much less grip required, and I find the hole to be in a very natural-feeling spot. The pick is fairly long, but I have not had any accuracy problems with them, and so far durability has been good.I still use other picks too, but I really like these and can't imagine not keeping an ample supply on hand.
I wanted to try the Clayton Beehold picks to see if the hole would help me grip the pick better so that it doesn't rotate in my hand.The .80 pick is a little too heavy for my style of playing but the hole is a neat idea and did seem to help a bit, but I gave up on the pick pretty quickly due to the stiffness.
