My problem is that I am used to playing Hohner Golden Melody and Special 20 harps.  I guess I should have paid attention to the other 1 and 2 star ratings.  These harps have no volume.  Don't waste your money on them.  I guess the only thing worth having is the case, but the case has no handles or carry strap.5/25/14 - I said the case had no handle, well I take that back.  There is a little strap inside that prevents the case from opening flat.  I was able to fold that little strap outwards and then zip the two zippers up to it.  With one finger I can carry the case with my quality harps inside.
Exceeded my expectations on quality and price.  When I saw the deal on Amazon, I thought it would be low quality harmonicas, but they are good quality.
I'm a total beginner so I don't really know if my review will be useful.  I have nothing to compare these too except my Lee Oskar.  They sound good to me...that's what's most important right?  These do have a kind of nasty &#34;new car smell&#34; to them, but I'm leaving the box open to see if airing them out helps.  It's not a big deal, but it's the only negative I can find with them.  Rock on bro!
I purchase a set of these, and first off, the case itself is worth 10 dollars. It is a quality heavy cloth case with a felt/velvet lining. The harmonicas are almost unbearable to play as soon as they arrive as they reek like plastic and oil, but after leaving the case open 2 days, they barely smell, and they are still airing out. I love how light they are due to the plastic cases, even if they aren't super loud. They are a great buy for the money, as I simply wanted a cheap set to mess around with and try out different keys. The notes are slightly difficult to bend, but the reeds are still loosening up. All the notes play but a few of the higher ones needed a little encouragement with overblowing and lightly breaking them in a little, but the harps all sound great after 5 mins of break in. I am quite happy with the product, and they honestly could be much worse for the price. The blues and set is only 10 dollars more with metal casings and probably better components, but these were good too. I would recommend to anyone who has a decent harmonica in C but wants to experiment with other keys... Good buy
All these harmonicas in one case and they sound great. You have to get use to the plastic but it is very easy to do and once you do get ready to play away. Nice tone and fun.
The C has the same numbered base plate top and bottom, so the numbers are totally opposite on each side. I see what people mean about the taste, but that's hardly a problem as I knew what I was purchasing. Overall, reasonably satisfied, will give them a good try later.
Disappointing; was looking for to receiving these.But; mostly they are unplayable. Leak air badly. Easier learning bagpipes than these things.Save your money and get some harps that actually work.Decent case though.
Hohner Marine Band, Hohner Special 20 and Lee Oskar Major Diatonic harps fit well in this case. Hohner's Big River Harp does NOT fit properly in the case - it is longer than the others, and doesn't snug in.  I'll either return the case or order two Lee Oskars to replace my two Big River models. Or, I can just deal with the fact that they don't fit quite properly, but probably "good enough". Decisions, decisions.Haven't played the toy harps yet, first things first. I bought the case for the case, not for the included harps.
I don't play these myself, I bought them for my daughter. They look kinda flimsy but for the price, they are ok for beginners to play.
Im a beginner. Good harps. Good solid sound.I cant bend at all so no idea if its just me.Youtube these, there's loads of videos.
I have other harmonica's but thought I'd like a set of blues harps.  I thought that if it's made by Hohner, it must be fairly good.  Wow, was I wrong.  Too hard to push notes through them.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.
