I purchased this item sometime in August, and think it's pretty good. I have not had any problems with it; Not that I can remember. Pretty simple, it does what it's supposed to do.
Price is Right for entry level. Using as a backup or on my mixer when using my higher quality short stand during recordings. The Mic mount was a PLUS, using it for one Karaoke "Cheap Mics" It is just pop-riveted on so a Bit LOOSE, but could improve with a little 2 part epoxy. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars! Still for the money a great buy...
This tabletop Mic Stand works. Well designed and made from descent enough materials. I would buy again when I'm ready to replace the one I have or add to it.
This is a very well built stand, even with its slim design, which also comes with a nice carrying case. Very good for light, portable set ups. Also holds a big mic, if you position the legs right; completely open with the mic parallel to a leg. That said, do it wrong and plunk. Will not likely stand up to a gusty wind, so use it indoors only. Paid $7.99 for it. Would give it 5 stars, but I know user error, will cause a less careful person, to crash some mics. Good for kick drum and cab mics, by the way, anchor it down with a sand bag, if using it for this purpose.
great for carrying with you.  works as it should.  good price.  I would recommend it if you need a table top mic stand or one just off the floor about a foot.
It was my fault not to check out it's measurements before purchase. But it's not the reason why I drop by one star. The reason is it's not designed properly.Since people stand and sing, this extendable table mic stand is still too short for people taller than 6 feet. I'm 5'11'' I can barely reach the microphone when I stand still.Also, it's way to tall if you want to sit and use it as a PC mic.As a result, I feel I'm  either too tall or too short...Build quality is fine and its price can not get beaten. Overall a four stars product IMO.
This was so inexpensive I couldn't pass it up.I needed a short stand to mic kick drums for recordings and this fit the bill exactly.Folds up quite small and comes with the carrying bag. I just toss it in my gig bag and I'm always ready.[...]
I have a Blue Snowball mic and the stand that comes with that thing is entirely too short for my needs so I set out to find a desk-stand for my microphone that I could use for podcasting and video work. Here are my pros and cons.Pros1. It's about twice as tall as the stock stand that comes with the Snowball. This may be too tall for some (with the mic put in, it stands as tall as my 17&#34; ASUS G75VW) but I have a raised desk so this fits right up to my mouth.2. The Snowball screws right in (unscrew the holder thing that comes on there, screw the snowball in, win).3. After some research, I found that this will fit pretty much any mic. Cool.4. It seems sturdy and well built.Cons1. The legs make this thing very, very wide. It's about 2/3 the size of my keyboard which means it takes up a lot of space.2. The mechanism to retract the legs is a little weird. Not bad, just weird.Overall, this is highly recommended for a desk stand. It seems to be able to fit just about any mic and it's perfect for video voice overs and podcasts.
It is so small that it cannot hold all mics. If you have a big lopsided kick drum mic  with a skinny neck and akward COG(AKG D112), this stand will not be able to hold it up. It can however hold up the Audix D6 and it can hold an SM 57 up to a guitar cab if its the right height. I love this because it has allowed me to mic things in really really tight spaces. I would never have had room to use full sized instrument mic stands in some of the tiny stages I have seen this summer. This thing takes up very little real estate, I have put this thing in the pocket of my jeans before!
I use this short stand for mic'ing my guitar amp cabinet. It is pretty small and on the edge of "light duty" but I wouldn't call it cheap or crappy. The adjustable features work well and feel like they will hold up reasonably. I don't use it for gig'ing so it isn't getting beat on but it seems to be a pretty good mic stand and the price was great. I also purchased a "musician's gear"  [ http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0018TC7BW/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title ]similar mic stand which was a few dollars more, I think I prefer the musician's gear unit becuase it's a bit beefier than this one but I still like this stand and it was a great value. This unit folds up particularly compact which migh be and advantage for some. Both are perfect for home recording and practice studios, likely even hold up to some gig'ing.
I you are looking for a great desk or amp mic stand . This is it. Tripod legs are stable and also adjusts up and down to about 15 inches or so.It even comes with a case with two zippered sections. One for the stand and and one for a mic. There is also amic holder. What a find. I will probably get another.......
Works great. It's lightweight but VERY stable, even with a heavy bass drum mic.A great bargain for a very sturdy, useful product.
