should have kept this....I returned it cause I purchased a zoom r16....big mistake!! miss it on smaller projects and my mxl990 sounded wonderful when hooked up to this super versital mixer.....my uncle has one and uses it for podcasts on his camping trips with vw freaks! he thinks it great too
it does the job to do my home made music demos, nothing professional though. im happy with it after all and recommend but not for professional purposes.
This is my first mixer. I'd been looking for a cheap way to upgrade from USB-powered mics like the Blue Snowball to something a little more professional and, of course, that requires a mixer with these kinds of hookups.Thus, I am an amateur and you'll probably get more accurate ratings out of a professional.Anyway, my pros and consPros1. This thing is way smaller than I expected. I can hold it in one hand without any difficulty and that means it doesn't take up a lot of desk space. It fits well where I put it.2. It works as intended. I use this with a GLS ES-57 mic and this mixer is powerful enough to power it and make it sound good. I have my windows volume set at 75 and the gain is up at about 60%. I have no hissing and no problems. I did a podcast with this set up today and my podcast co-host (we do it over Skype) said I sounded very clear and my voice sounded strong and good. This is a stark improvement over the Blue Snowball.3. It's plug and play. I plugged it in, it installed the drivers, and it automatically set itself as the default microphone. Easy peasy.4. I use Reaper as my audio software and Reaper recognized it immediately.5. The dials and everything was easy to understand.Cons1. You can't plug this into a USB hub (or even an AC-powered USB hub) otherwise you'll get a hiss. This needs to be plugged directly into a computer.2. This high-jacks your audio defaults in Windows. To fix it, open your Control Panel, open the Sound, and set your Playback device to your speakers to fix the problem. Your sound will come out through your speakers as intended. Since I use this as my main mic, I left it as default in the Sound settings.Overall, for the price, this is an amazing little mixer for beginners and amateurs. I know there are better options but they are also more expensive and I'm on a budget. It's a great way to get into the world of sound without spending a lot more money. If you're like me and a single person doing YouTube video voice overs or podcasts, this is perfect for a home studio set up where you only need one person. Worth every penny as long as it lasts. I'll update when/if it breaks down but until then, I do not regret this purchase.
The Behringer 302USB Premium 5-Input Mixer is just what the doctor ordered.  Nice unit and works perfectly for vocals/guitar/ bass guitar and keyboards.  Don't lock yourself down with a bad USB/ 1/4: cable
I bought this for my son so he could record with it. He does stuff on the internet with other people musically and says it works good for him.
This mixer is awesome, I couldn't get it where I live, so I bought it on Amazon, it works great!! I plugged my Shure mic, and my acoustic electric guitar to the Line In, and also my ipod to the 2track, and everything works great!! Great sound, with the right parameters, you just have to adjust a little here and there, and it will work great, so far no buzz or humm.
Apple threw a curve at me when, with the new "thin" iMac, the company eliminated not only the Superdrive but the 3.5mm "Audio In" port that had been highly useful on previous models, especially for recording computer sounds with a single patch cord.  After trying a Griffin and Logitech device, I finally found a useful workaround with the Behringer UFO202 interface (there are 2 other very similar models by Behringer--the UCA202 and the UCA222). What sets these interfaces apart from the 302USB is a smaller footprint and a permanently-attached, "dedicated" USB cord.  Simply by plugging the USB cord into the USB port on my iMac I was able to record all of the broadcasts, tapes and LPs just as I had done with my old iMac (though monitoring required more cords in back--ugh!).For a committed neophyte like me, the UFO202 was probably sufficient.  I miss the permanently attached USB "out" cable and, moreover, am questioning whether I'll ever use the mixing capabilities of the 302USB, which to my eyes has a bit of a "learning curve."  The problem for the impatient beginner begins with the instruction manual.  Instead of separate sections, the manual uses small, thin font and mixes English with Spanish instructions--a minor but unnecessary inconvenience. (But give Behringer credit for providing a manual!)I thought I was investing in more versatility (for a modest price increase) than what the Behringer UFO/UCA line of interfaces offered me.  But a friend tells me that GarageBand has the capability of recording sound-on-sound.  My present programs (Sound Studio and Toast) can't do it, but if GB can layer 2 or more sound sources, then the question becomes whether an external mixer does it better.  If not, the Behringer UFO202 is not only adequate to serve my needs, but its tiny footprint makes it especially welcome on a new iMac's desk space (Apple's elimination of the internal burner gives the company "thin screen" bragging rights while robbing the user of both money and space--thanks to the new requirement of an external burner).Behringer has presented the best solution I've been able to find to Apple's surprising (and dubious) omissions with the latest iMac.  If your uses include mixing, and if you have the space (we're talking a mere inch or two), the 302USB is no doubt worth an extra ten bucks.  But if you have a UFO or UCA interface, your needs may already be covered.
I bought the smaller Behringer 302usb mixer for a small home recording setup with a budget target of &#60;$125, but had to move up to this model for and additional cost of about $12 due to the fact that the 302usb doesn't provide adequate phantom power for a Condenser Microphone (not properly disclosed by the company). The simple setup I have also includes the Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone and a Hosa XLR cable.I was looking to improve the quality of voice recordings for podcasts, interviews, etc., over a simple USB headset, without &#34;breaking the bank&#34;. In addition to the positive reviews on Amazon about most of the Behringer equipment, my son, who has some experience with sound equipment said that Behringer makes solid items, but that I shouldn't expect much in the way of customer service. He's helped me work on tweaking my setup and he finds the items I bought to be quality as expected.I'm glad that I moved up to this board, even though it has a lot of features that I won't personally use. I'm glad that this has two microphone inputs, if I do decided to conduct in person interviews using the board. Besides the extra mic input, my son will likely put some of the additional features to use recording some music with his electric guitar and making some mixes using the features in GarageBand.I have found that my son's warning is somewhat correct, at least in regards to information provided for the customer by the company both in the paperwork included in the package and on the website. Since this is essentially entry level equipment, people like myself, who have little / no direct experience with sound equipment could use a little more guidance in using these projects, particularly in hooking things up to a computer, which is obviously an increasing application.I couldn't find any information on the Behringer website or in the paperwork which provided guidance for a Mac user, for instance. In addition, it would be nice if the manufacturer would give some basic information on such items as use of headphones for monitoring, etc. when using with a computer, but they don't. I've done a lot of experimentation in addition to Googling to figure out how to get things up and run.So far, I'm getting quality recording results from this board. I am currently using it with an RCA type cable with the input to my iMac's line-in. I might ultimately try another adapter for a USB connection or Firewire, but I haven't had the opportunity to research what is possible or which of the three options provide better sound. Whether I not I investigate will depend upon my needs in the future.I believe I got excellent value in the equipment quality. I would give 5 stars, but the manufacturer should provide more information.
PROS:* Small. Easy to take with you or set on a small shelf.* If using USB, does not need external power supply.  Very convenient.* Easy-to-use, accessible controls.* Pre-amp power, works well with condenser studio mikes.* Plug & play with Windows 8.  Didn't have to install any kind of driver.* Variety of input options.  Dual track with low/high volume sliders.* LEDs make it easy to tell whether in the green or red range.  Easy to adjust.* Awesome for those who need a mini-mixer-- and costs the same as a USB-based preamp-only device.* Free shipping-- gotta like thatCONS:* Only one power setting, 15v. That may not be enough for some, but works great with my studio mike.* Line In / USB buttons somewhat confusing, non-intuitive.  However the manual shows exact settings for computer use.* As with other low-end Behringer mixers has a bit of a hiss that one has to balance out.  Can take some fiddling to overcome it.* It's pretty easy to overpower the computer's input and cause distortion.  Start the sound levels at zero and slowly bring them up until it sounds good.NOTES:I purchased this for use with my studio mike, which I hadn't been able to use with my computer due to pre-amp power needs.  Plugged it in, worked first time, no problems.This unit is very sensitive.  If used with a decent mike can pick up background noises from across a room.  With a bit of tweaking, is fine for studio work.  I use it for guitar/voice solo live Internet music shows.Overall, I'm quite pleased with the unit.  The only reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5 is because it isn't perfect... but then it's only fifty bucks.  For the price, overall quality, ease of setup, range, sensitivity and plug-and-play, I don't think one could find a better unit.  Two thumbs up.  I don't know how a Pro would rate this... but I definitely would recommend it to those doing recording on their computer with a studio-quality mike above the quality of the average "USB microphones" available on the market.  You not only get a pre-amp but a duo-channel stereo volume mixer in the deal.  Hard to beat at that price.ADDENDUM:  A few days after the initial review-- I just used the device on a live guitar/voice webcast.  No background hiss, very good, clear sound, crisp, no distortion, excellent transmission.  Friend recorded a video and the sound was precise and identical to the original performance.  Quite pleased with this little mixer/preamp.HINTS AND TIPS:Two good hints on this one:* Another user and I put our heads together and realized one can use a 6-volt lantern battery (or 3 to 4 AA cells), hook them into a USB printer cable and power this via battery.  It works great and makes this unit PORTABLE.* There are reports of this mixer interfering with the way the Windows handles sound. I have found this to be true. It pretty much takes over your entire sound system. For some folks this will be fine. For others, they may not appreciate this. So what I did was uninstall the drivers, remove it from the computer USB (which seems to defeat the purpose, but wait...)... and plugged it into one of those new portable-USB power supplies you plug right into the wall (they're available all over for between $5 and $10). This powers the system without hooking it into the USB system of your computer. What this does is allow you to use the functions of the mixer without altering how Windows handles sound, the programs it uses, or causing problems with programs like Audacity.You then run a LINE IN from your computer speaker output, a LINE OUT to your computer speakers or headphones, and you can still use microphones or whatever else you want. This is an excellent alternative to using it as a USB device. You are instead powering it from a USB wall-socket and simply using it as a quality mini-mixer (which function it performs very well). That's what I finally did and am still most happy with this device.In addition by using it in this manner you pretty much eliminate the relevance of what OS you use. You could use this with Windows, Mac, Linux or pretty much anything, because all you're really doing is setting it up as a mixer using standard line-in / out cables. Works very well in this capacity. Gotta love those new external USB power nodes. : )
