I finally purchased this in line tuner to replace my hand held cheap tuner. This thing is way more accurate than my old tuner and because it is true bypass it doesn't suck any of your tone. I haven't used the battery pack, so don't know about battery life. I use a one-spot plug to power it. Another nice feature is you can set it to turn off the volume when in use or leave volume on. It's very heavy and seems sturdy and well built. The display is a little confusing at first, but once I read the manual it makes good sense and is easy to use.
Being a studio owner I didn't buy this for stage work. Being a player of multiple stringed instruments for decades I've had many different tuners including real strobes. So when I picked this up about 8 months ago it was because I needed one where I was at and right now.I don't know about the +/- .1% accuracy but the pegs and my ear tell me it's quite accurate, enough that I can find notes up and down the neck that are slightest bit out of tune when using it. By using a transformer adapter and a stage mic it also works very well for acoustic instruments.I'm still using the replacement battery I put in about 6 months ago but I just use it and unplug. It's travelled with me a few times and airport security finds it an interesting thing for me to have in a carry on but it almost seems durable enough to drop from 35,000 feet and continue working.I was shocked by how well it works. I was shocked by the fact that I could spend so little and get a real tuner and not a device that gets you close. Highly recommended.
I normally tune to drop f on my 8 string, but even in standard, I just cant stand the strobe, and theres no other mode. I ordered a pitch black for $70. Im still waiting on the return for this.
It performs ok, although it takes a learning curve getting used to the strobe dial.  I found it too difficult to see from my pedal board, (I am over 60, so eyes ain't what they used to be!).I was also disappointed to find there was no power plug, just battery.  Adding a 1 Spot power proved difficult as the only way to run the battery adapter is along the side where the pedal is pushed.  I fixed problem by taking my Dremmel and grinding a groove just big enough for wires to be unobstructed.For the above reasons, I have elected to use this as my work bench tuner for guitar set up and have gone to the Ashdown Engineering tuner for my pedal board.
As a musician for over four decades I've owned a number of tuners as the technology progressed.  My primary instrument is electric bass.  This is the finest piece of equipment I've ever purchased and used, and it has helped me solve a 'mysterious' tuning phenomenon all players apparently face without knowing it.  I'll explain.  But first, some details about the tuner....:  it's construction is extremely solid, and it's heft gives it stability.  When you place it on a surface (top of your amp, floor, your knee.... it stays there!).  Secondly, the large backlit display is very easy to read in all lighting conditions,...no guessing.  And thirdly, it is extremely sensitive and accurate, which brings me to my explanation of the 'mysterious tuning phenomenon.  At issue is the inability of inexpensive tuners to properly identify frequencies/tones when setting string intonation at the octave fret.  I've been using $25 to $40 tuners (Boss, Korg, etc) over the past few years that would indicate a string is in tune, both for open string and octave.  But, when simultaneously plucking an 'F' note on the 'A' string, and an 'F' note high up on the 'G' string my ear would percieve that they just weren't in tune....the cycles weren't matching.  So, that meant my inexpensive tuner wasn't nearly discriminating enough.  Once I began using this strobe tuner, it clearly showed me (with proper accuracy) graphically what my ear was trying to tell me.  After setting intonation according to the strobe tuner my bass now 'performs' as it should through the range of notes/frets over the length of the neck.  I guess another way of explaining it would be to say that it's like having a GPS that is accurate enough to get you to the right neighborhood, versus one that can get you to the right house.  For the money, I feel I've done myself a good turn by purchasing this strobe tuner.  I'm satisfied.  I still keep one of my inexpensive tuners in my guitar case as it has a built in microphone and can be used by an accoustic guitar player if I'm jamming with somebody.  This strobe tuner is 'cable input' only....no mic, runs on a 9v battery with connectors for a power supply (sold separately).  My only 'complaint' with this device is the battery connector.  It's the typical type that 'plugs' in to the top of your 9v battery with two wires leading to the internals.  I hate them as a rule.  I would prefer solid contact points and a compartment where you would simply insert the battery, just like inserting any other battery type (AA, AAA, C, etc).
I got this at a great price so decided to give a strobe tuner a try. If you're accustomed to vibration tuners it takes some getting used to it. While it may technically be more accurate than the cheaper vibration tuners, this advantage is of limited use given that the tuning of guitars still has to have some compromise from perfect in order to be well intonated. One advantage over the clip on tuners (by the way, you can't beat Snarks for the price) is that because it is electronically connected to the guitar it is not affected but other instruments that may be playing at the same time. I've noticed that while trying to tune when playing live by clip on tuner seemed to get &#34;confused&#34; by other instruments.
