My new go-to strings. These things last forever for someone who only plays casually. They sound great too. Absolutely recommend it.
I purchased Elixir strings after hearing them repeatedly recommended at the music store.  Put them on my Eko Ranger XII acoustic 12 string.  Have 2 problems with the strings.  First, the bass E (11th string) broke while tuning it up.  Had to go to music store and buy a single replacement string (not Elixir).  I have changed strings many, many times, so I am convinced it was not my stringing, but a weakness in the E string itself.  Second, the high D (8th string) seems "dead"; it does not "ring" as it should and as the other high strings do (though none as much as other 12 string sets I've used).  Considering these strings cost much more than others, I certainly am disappointed in them.  Hardly matters if they last longer if they don't sound as good.
I've used these Elixir strings for years and I would never change.  These have an excellent tone and last four times as long as the others.
I really like the strings they sound very bright and go well with my guitar I do hope they last quite a while I put them on a bout a month ago but that guitar is only lightly played so I will try to update when I change them
These strings are performance value and always give me a great sound.  I have been using Elixir's for 5 years now and they last longer (even in this salty air environment by the beach) and sound better than anything else I have ever used.
Taylor ships this guitar with these strings - and for a good reason!  They sound wonderful - right out of the box! Like with most/all 12-string guitars, lights or extra lights are most often appropriate - the feel of these Nanowbs is smoth and easy and the tome they generate, in tandum with the instrument, bring out it's best resonance and sustainability.Give 'em a try!
I buy Elixirs with all my acoustic guitars now. They last the longest and hold the brightest and clearest tone of any string I've ever used. The nanoweb coating really does make a huge difference. They take several months to wear out (as opposed to the weeks other major brands last). They may cost a bit more than the competition, but if you try them and love them as much as I do, you'll never use anything else again.
I've had these on my Yamaha APX500 for a while now and they sound really good.  A tad brighter than I like, but that's just the nature of the lightness of the strings.  It's real smooth when playing and they seem to be lasting longer than most strings I try.  In fact, I've had these strings on for over 4 months now and they still feel and sound good.
These are my favorite strings.  They last a long time and my fingers don't hurt when I play.  I tried Martin strings once and hated them.
These are my favorite guitar strings! They are very long-lasting and sound great!I would recommend these for anyone, beginners or even people who play seriously or perform. They are very good strings, worth the cost! :]
The Elixir brand acoustic guitar strings keep their brand-new 'sound' a lot longer than any other brand.  I am very happy with the Elixir brand strings.
I have had them on my Loar Guitar for a few weeks and they seem to work fine.  We will see how long they last.  I have used Elixir for electric and while they do last longer I wish it was a bit longer.
I've used these strings longer than any other strings I've tried (about 7 years).  Last year I switched to D'Addario EXP16's because they sounded better on the guitar I have now, but still keep a pack of Nanowebs as a backup.  Here are my pros and cons of this string:Pros:+Easier to fret and play than other strings.  I don't know why; I looked up the tension stats on these strings and they seem to be equivalent or higher than other strings.  But they certainly are easier to fret (press down) and play than any other string I've tried, including other coated ones.  The coating on the Nanoweb strings is thinner than the Elixir Polyweb series, but still feel very smooth and even 'slippery', as some people remarked.  They have very little string squeak.+Last longer than any other strings I've tried - maybe because of their brightness, these strings mellow with age (as all strings do) but never really sound dull.  The only reason I saw to change them was when they became overly dirty or broke, usually every few months of regular playing.+Very bright sound, which cuts through well playing live with a full band, and livens up the sound of cheaper guitars.  However, this can also be a con (see below)Cons:-Cost more than most strings, including other coated strings.-Can sound overly bright, especially on some higher end guitars.  They tend to dominate the sound of the guitar, which is good for cheaper guitars without quality woods or construction, but not so good for a guitar that already resonates well.  For this reason I switched to the EXP16 phosphor bronze string for my current guitar. The EXP16 is coated but has a more natural/dark sound that complements the 'woodiness' of the guitar better than the Elixirs (although not as easy to play).-Not available for export outside the U.S.  When I was working abroad, I used to buy these from a U.S. company who would ship them to me.  Elixir changed their policy to prevent this, so I ended up switching strings because the cost of Elixirs abroad was so high.
I kinda strayed away from the Elixir brand for a little while just "To See" if another brand would sound "better" and in doing so, I wasted time and money.(but I did get some EXPERIENCE) I'm back with the Elixirs now and have no intentions to "Experiment" any more.Simply put............Elixir makes the best Strings for an Acoustic Guitar that I've tried and I "Will Stick with them" because they have Great Sound, last a long time, easy to clean and prevent rust and/or corrosion.
I use mediums but bought these for my nephews Takamine and they sound awesome on that guitar.  Always love these strings.  This kid has not changed his strings in years so I thought I would give hem the best chance of keeping his guitar sounding good for as long as possible.
These strings are a little more money than the average strings, but they last longer. Great for the dedicated guitar player.
5 stars, arrived on time and in good condition. Price is excellent. Will install to one of my acoustical guitars within the next few day.
All I can say is,,, You should try a set of these Elixir Nanoweb 80/20 Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings for yourself. You will not want to go back to any other set of strings. I've been using Elixir strings for many years. They have better feel, sound, and last longer than all other brands I've used playing Guitar. Elixir has excellent quality control too. I've never had a problem.
Lately I have been experimenting with various make of acoustic guitar strings.....to the less and also most expensive strings.  I find the Elixir excellent. My testing is ongoing and cannot give the Elixir a top rating yet. That may change along the way.However, I believe that guitar strings are a bit like food and wine.  What may appeal to my palate may not appeal to someone else's palate.  Therefore, strings that may sound good to my ear may not sound good to someone else's ear.My ears remain attentive to future string sounds.  I also love the d'Addario make.  Which I purchase through Amazon...always.
I love, love, love these strings. Super great sound and super long life. I've had these on my acoustic for over 6 months before, and the sound is still awesome. I'll definitely only buy these from now on.
Elixir strings are great for me.  They hold their tones longer.  They aren't rough textured so they are easier on the fingers.
I have a Taylor 514 ce acoustic guitar and Elixir Strings are what this very nice guitar came with from Taylor when new.  I figure they have done the research on what works best and I see no reason for a change other than going fro the extra light strings to the light weight strings.  The sound you get with the Nanoweb strings are amazing and they enhance the results from an already great guitar.  They also last a long time before they go dead.
I've written a review before. They are excellent. Never broke a string, but I only play at home as a hobby. therefore they not abused.
I'll never use another string on acoustics. The reduced finer squeak, the long lasting coating, and the great tone of these strings is wonderful. I've tried a couple cheaper brands recently, both coated and uncoated... but come back to these every time.
Great set of strings. Cant go wrong with elixirs a little over priced but I am hoping to get long life out of them to make up for it.
I've been using Nanoweb and Polyweb (no idea what the difference is) Elixirs consistently for years now on my Martin Jumbo Cutaway.I periodically try out other brands whenever I see something that might compete, especially when another "extended life" or "coated" string is released. I would happily bail on Elixir at $13 a set if someone offered a cheaper option that worked as well. In fact, I was quite optimistic about the $9 D'Addario EXPs until I heard their tone begin to evaporate after a few days like any other string. Nothing that I've used up to this point has gotten close to challenging the quality of the mighty purple box.The sound you get from these on Day 1 is crisp and beautiful as expected. That's not where Elixirs kill the competition though. It's after 20 hours of play that they show their strength. You will still hear fresh, bright tones from them when any other set would have already crossed into the dead zone. In fact, I typically start breaking them before they begin to sound too dull. I play relatively aggressively and use palm-muting constantly, allowing skin oils to eat right through the strings at the bridge.Saying that the tone lasts 3.5x longer (as stated on the box) might be a stretch but there is no question that you get at least double the life out of these at less than twice the cost of alternatives.If you are an occasional player or a music shop owner, these are a no-brainer. The coating is extremely effective at combating the effects of time and oxygen exposure. For the everyday, aggressive player you will simply get better tone and longer life.One nit-picky point of criticism: the packaging is an issue for me. WHY would any manufacturer still utilize tree-killing paper envelopes that allow strings to get stale? I'm seriously asking! I've got to be missing something here. A shred of plastic sealed around all 6 strings is greener, more cost-efficient, and it keeps the strings fresh (thank YOU D'Addario, I'll never leave your electric strings). I would happily buy Elixirs in bulk if I had faith in their shelf-life. Complaints about these snapping prematurely are probably valid, happening when someone gets a set that's been sitting around for a while. Think of them as a perishable and buy them from places that move a lot of units (like Amazon :)
I only use elixirs on my taylor now 1, because they last months on end while maintaining that new string zing, and 2 because they are soooooo smooth. It's like playing a silk guitar. Get these strings.
These are expensive, they seem to last longer, but when they start to wear, they develop a 'fuzz' where - I assume - the nanoweb is wearing off.  It doesn't seem to affect the playability.
These are great guitar strings and are all that guitarists say they are. They are so tuneful, they make an ordinary acoustic guitar sound beautiful. My only concern is that if the strings aren't wound properly they seem brittle and break. e.g. Low E and A strings and the vulnerable G string.The LIGHT version I find, are particularly suited to finger picking.
After about a month and a half I have noticed some corrision on the A and D strings at the 4th fret.  That is a little disapointing because these are suppost to last 3 to 5 times longer than "regular" strings.  I like the way they sound.  They are a little harder to play than the D' Addario strings that I am used to on my other guitar, and the Martins that I have used in the past.  If I still have to change them every 2 or 3 months they are not really worth the extra cost.
They costed twice as much as my usual D'Addarios but after 2 weeks of use, I couldn't be any happier. I've heard only positive reviews about these Elixir strings and now understand why. They are smooth as butter thanks to the coating and sound bright, clean, and crisp. They also make my guitar look much nicer and shinier. A great buy overall.
Regardless of the string itself, I insist on honesty in advertising and marketing.  So when I was earnestly considering ordering this string I read the summary, in which it was stated:"Elixir Strings are coated in a unique way to protect wound strings from your DNA and other contaminants."Ohhhh... protects my string from DNA!  Yeah, that DNA really messes up guitar strings all right.  In fact it's the worst contaminant EVER... worse even than the oils and acids on our skin... worse than the cells themselves that contain and hold the DNA from exposure because the DNA is the blueprint of those cells, contained deep within protective walls.  But somehow that nasty ol' DNA leaks out and contaminates our guitar strings!Honestly.  It's like none of us have ever attended a biology class because we're musicians?As I read the reviews, I noted review after review after review that seemed like some sort of marketing promo.  I noticed not one of those reviews indicated they had actually purchased the product from Amazon.  Hmmmm.The first honest review I found was one which said, "These strings sound somewhat artificial."  Ah finally, one of the REAL reviews.Look, the product may be good or not.  It may be the best string ever or not.  But am I going to spend time and money testing a string that apparently can't stand on its own quality without bogus marketing hype?We're musicians, not morons.  If you want us to buy a string, be totally honest in the marketing.  A quality string will sell itself by performance, sound and long life.  No matter how heavy the marketing hype, if the string is bad you'll only sell one set.  If it's good... you don't need the hype.EDIT FOLLOW-UP:  After reading numerous reviews, this does actually seem to be a good set of strings.  Which means the product can stand on customer testimony alone and shouldn't need spin to sell.  Just sayin'.  ;)
