This is a pretty decent guitar. If you can get past the brite orange color of the sound board. Was disappointed that the electronics are a tuner that you have to switch from string to string (why would they put a tuner in this six string guitar, that is made for a seven string?)  and a volume nob that goes from low to high. No tone control, no presence control. Hint: Don't go to guitar shops and play a better guitar than you can afford. It will just leave everything else you can afford seem lacking.
I purchased this as my first classical guitar because I need a guitar I can plug in, overall I'm extremely impressed with it, it stays in tune pretty well, has shockingly low action for a classical, sounds great plugged in and unplugged, has a built in tuner, comfortable to play, overall I love the guitar, well worth the money!
This is a great guitar for the money!!!! It has low action and has a truss rod in the neck for adjustments! The built in tuner works great and plugged up this guitar has a very natural and clean sound. I would recommend this guitar to anyone looking at it!!!!!
This guitar is pretty good for the price. The only reason it has 4 stars is because my first and 2nd string keep detuning. Might be the weather, but strangely it keeps tune in DADGAD. I think I may need to tighten some screws. Anyway, not a bad choice at all if you want a nice classical.
My C5CE Washburn has been a very good purchase. I was looking for a guitar with enough space between strings so that my fingers would not mute strings accidentally while practicing cords. I prefer guitars having solid woods, not laminated like this one. It has the ability to plug into an amp, has easy access to the battery, has a built in easy to use tuner, and the wiring dose not rattle about. It has a good compensated saddle, the frets are level and do not buzz, has a truss rod in the neck, and has a bound rosewood fingerboard. I have always liked the sound of classic guitars, like the option to plug in, and am more impressed by sound than brand name.A person who has small fingers might be better off looking for a narrower neck. This is not a small guitar or a thin body guitar. It rings out very well, so it is not a quiet guitar but is not likely to disturb your neighbors unless plugged in.Mine has some edges not well stained, likely due to glue squeeze out during assembly. Top is a bit wavy, from buffing. Still has some orange peel but not a lot.  Lastly, the nut and saddle are too high for my preference. Some people may be turned off by the orange color of the top, sort of a classic color that I have gotten used to now.Other guitars in this price range are typically made with laminated tops or backs, this model is not. I was not clear enough above where I mentioned laminated woods.If something happened to it, I would be likely to replace it with another one just like it. A very cost effective, good sounding, well made guitar. Good job Washburn.
This is an amazing guitar for the price. I wanted a classical guitar to round out my collection. The guitar has good tone and action. The built in tuner is a nice addition because nylon strings stretch when they are new so you have to retune frequently.  The guitar stays in tune nicely after the strings are broken in.  The pickup works nicely but is a little sensitive and loud.  The guitar sounds good both acoustically and amplified, but I prefer the acoustic sound.  The finish is a bit more orange than pictured. You could spend a lot more money on a classical guitar and not end up with a better guitar than this one.
