Great deal for the price. Works fine, but like all cheap pickups it basically makes my acoustic sound like a clean electric. Did the job for what I needed. Now I know I would love a better one like a Fishman.
this pickup for the price is just as good as one that cost 4 tom 5 times as muchif your looking for one that wont break your bank but sounds good this is the one
If you're the kind of player that 'beats' on an acoustic like I do you'll find the sound hole pickup is an obstruction that you're constantly picking against causing loud clicks, pops and bangs.Very accurate pickup otherwise
Very handy,  I just slip this into the sound hole, hook it up to my amp, and then, when I finish playing, I slip it back out.  This is handy when I practice at night when my wife is sleeping.
It works very well, installs easily, stays in place once installed but can be removed easily.  Does not scratch guitar's finish (just be careful, and no issues).  It will not produce the sound of a unit that is built into a guitar, but it comes very close.  A great and inexpensive way to make an acoustic also be electric.
when it works good its great but sometimes it gets static-y I wish it had a volume in line not much more to say
This pickup is actually a really great product for what it is! I hooked it up to my acoustic and plugged it into my line 6 amp and shredded a little bit.It's NUTS being able to rock out on my amp with an acoustic!!!!
This is great for anyone who wants to turn their acoustical guitar to electric.  I did find out there may be a little feed back from the amp if you get too close.
A couple of my friends and I own this pickup and use it to amplify our acoustic guitars through a mixer and loudspeaker system.  Works really well considering how inexpensive it is.  It's very easy to install and remove, but be sure you have a fairly standard-sized sound hole in your guitar to ensure that it will fit and be reasonably stable.
I had just bought an electric acoustic and while I was ordering that I just went ahead and picked one of these up as well because I figured what the heck it's under $20 and maybe my full size acoustic might work well with it. So I got it and th only thing I had an issue with is that it slide around a little too easily, but, it does work well. I recommend it for those who are looking for a simple solution to making their acoustic, electric so that they can play it through their amp.
Very inexpensive soundhole pickup with a impressive sound.Very high gain,fits in all size soundholes.Good heavy construction.Of course it's not great.I'm not on stage or anything so works fine for a novice like myself.If you have a Taylor, Martin or Gibson that's not already AE this is not for you & I probably didn't even need to say that!!I just have a cheep Rogue that sounds good with this pickup.It's just a matter of how much you want to (or can) spend.I'm happy with this pickup!!Joe
I purchased this to use until I get the replacement to my Ovation CC28 and it is load and clean. For $20.00 it is worth all day.
I've used my HDE pickup for about a month now. I use it with a Fender Frontman amp. The sound quality is as good as pickups of twice the cost. I highly recommend this product. I'll probably get a second one for a backup, while I can get it at the present price.
Low strings do not get picked up very well but is ok if you are just strumming. For the price it is a good deal.
I was apprehensive about ordering this pickup but am so glad I did!! I am now able to play/ record my acoustic through my effects processor and play it through my amplifiers. Does an awesome job of reproducing your acoustics sound. I recommend this to anyone looking to amplify the sound of their acoustic guitar!!
