This is definitely a must have for the home recording enthusiast, especially if you are using any of the XENYX or other Behringer brand mixers (it also works with other mixers as well).This is a great, inexpensive, way to  get your analog audio into your digital recording software. It works on Windows, Mac and Linux (at least it did for me).
I love my laptop, a Thinkpad T40. It does almost everything I need .. almost. A MONO mic jack, no other inputs. The Behringer U Control gives me STEREO now. The Behringer reputation pulls through once again. I've tried some USB sound cards without success. This product puts my older laptop besides newer ones. Well done Behringer!!!
I do live shows online, and my older Behringer mixer does not have the built in USB port, so these digitizers do a great job for me.  I constantly get comments about how clean and clear my sound is, and while I largely attribute that to the mixer, this digitizer is just as important a link in the chain.  Very simple to use, audio out of the mixer goes into this digitizer, plug the USB cable into my computer, my streaming software sees it, and people hear me.  I am definitely a Behringer fan.
I use this with a Behringer mixer and run it through my laptop computer to record my music. It was just what I needed to give me clean sound. Running it through the USB not only give great flexibility but also makes my recordings sound like I was in a studio. I highly recommend it.
One of the big selling points for this unit was the sound quality and the need for no drivers.  Well - after starting to use it on Windows 7 x64 I was dismayed to find simply awful electrical interference and buzz in recordings.  I went to the Behringer website, I found the product page, found a tab for drivers, downloaded them and boom .... all my problems were solved but that had taken me days and days.  Needless to say that portion of the marketing is crap - drivers are absolutely required if you use Windows 7.  I am using this with a Behringer 1202FX mixer - it is a good combo.  The build quality is nothing to shout about but even though the enclosure is plastic if feels sturdy enough.  I treat my gear with care - I figure it'll probably last for years and years and years.  I am extremely happy, and hopeful that somebody will read this review and skip to the drivers immediately upon installation.
Ok I understand it now - I use Abelton Live 8 and thought this would be and easy, read cheap, interface to record some instruments with. WRONG! I am returning it. It does not work, has no drivers and is not detected on my Mac (my Mac finds everything). Bought the Focusrite unit instead. Got it to work on garage band but latency was miserable and so was hiss on recordings. Save your money and time. Buy the Focusrite interface or one of the others. Yes over $100 but you either want feedback, hiss and frustration or you want a smooth interface connection with good resonance. It also lacks 1/4 plug, one rca input, you need an addapter. Not what I thought I was getting - dumb me.
It's hard to argue with this when you consider the price they charge for what it does.  It works and it's by far and away the best cheap option to go when you want to record audio to your computer.I use it with Audacity.  At first, I found the recordings to be rather noisy with lots of hiss.  After fooling around for a couple hours trying to figure it out, I thought it was just because the audio interface was a cheap product.  The next day, I fooled around with it more and realized I needed to turn the mic input down (in Audacity) and turn up the gain halfway on my mixer.  When I did this, it completely shut out the hiss.  I've been making great recordings since.It's a plug and play tool, but it should come with some kind of instructions for problems like I experienced.  However, they are just a matter of setting up your computer properly because this thing works very well.For those wondering about latency, obviously there's some.  You'll get latency with any type of recording device.  You just have to account for it in the settings of your audio editing program.The only other thing that is a legit complaint is that playback is a bit noisy and hissy in the headphones if you have the headphones turned up high.  It does not sound like that in the recordings, though.  So, it's OK.  I can deal with itThis is a very good product and can't be beat for the price.  When it comes to quality, you have to set it up correctly.  When you do set it up properly, the quality is fantastic.  It would be nice if there was some kind of troubleshooting guide that came with it, though.
I'm an audiophile, but I've spent most of my adult life looking for outstanding devices that make exquisite sound available to &#34;the rest of us&#34; at realistic prices. The UCA202 is a must-have DAC for anyone streaming or playing digitized music - whether MP3 or 192KBPS FLAC - via a Mac, PC, or Linux computer (especially laptops with notoriously-noisy audio signal pathways).Run your digitized sound through the UCA202, then through a tube buffer stage (for under $100 if you use a pair of Behringer  MIC100s set at unity gain) and then through competent downstream electronics and speakers for &#34;state-of-the-art&#34; at you-and-me prices. Then tell me what YOU think (grin).Or run a pair of &#34;best buy&#34; Sony MDR-7506 headphones (or Direct Sound EX-29s in noisy environments) directly from the the UCA202. Same deal (Laughter of the Immortals).Rest assured I've voted with my feet. I own a total of five UCA202s that I use in different locations. Folks, this is a STELLAR device at a throw-away price. Bravo, Behringer!
I bought aBehringer 802 Premium 8 Input Preampsback in July and I didn't know that I needed this. So now that I have it, I can finally record to my laptop! Great product!
You can spend a ton more for a studio-level, multi-channel interface, but all I wanted to do was get two analog channels in and two out (2x2) on my bargain-basement PC, and this fits the bill. Works perfectly with Audacity and Windows 7, plug and play.
This unit works great for taking a line level from something like an audio mixer or even an old cassette deck and converting it into a USB audio input. I have not used the headphone monitoring section (doubt I ever would) so I cannot comment on that feature, but this unit is so simple to use that I was pleasantly surprised.For anyone in a band out there - I used this device to take a line out from our PA system into an old laptop running (free) Audacity software and was blown away by the quality of the recording. This even helped us to figure out better vocal balance technique for some parts that were not quite perfect on stage.
This little device is more than worth the money.  I run a Behringer EUROPOWER PMP1280S Powered Mixer into the Behringer 1202 12 channel desktop mixer($80)into the UCA202 into my computer.  The recording is awesome.  My recording playback sounds like its live.I use a lot of Behringer equipment and no, I don't work for Behringer.  I'm on a budget.  That means little money.My friends say, "Duh, oh, well, Behringer is built cheap and is junk."  And I say, "Duh, huh, really?  I've got better sound than you, a lot more equipment to power my show, it has never broken down, and I paid a LOT less than you did."In fact, I use Behringer XM8500 mics ( 3 pack for $60 ).  I was playing a gig at a small pub.  A friend who swears by Sure mics asked if he could do a song on my break.  I said sure.  When he was done, he said, I LOVE this mic.  The sound is awesome.  Nuff said.
I'm reviewing this after spending a couple or so hours trying to get this to work with my Behringer 802 Xenyx mixer, and I finally did after nearly throwing in the towel.  Turns out I was using my mixer's CD/Tape switch incorrectly, thus getting very poor results or excruciating feedback.  I finally went on You Tube and found a Behringer guy that has a video that's less than 2 minutes in length and he had the unit hooked up to a mixer and computer.  Just taking a look at the that video made me realize it was something simple I was doing wrong - I was over-thinking it. Once I got it to working correctly, I could not believe the results once everything was dialed in correctly, including the control on my PC that controlled the recording volume for this unit.  So, now I'm looking forward to doing some real recording with it, using Audacity as my main recording software. (Edit: I did some recording with this dealie over the weekend and was really, really pleased with the results - I can hardly wait to do some more recording with this. So, to the arrogant salesman who bad-mouthed this at a local music chain store and tried to sale me a $150.00 Lexicon unit, I won't be needing that - I'm quite happy with this little interface, thank you very much. And to everyone else, don't forget that you can keep this thing hooked up to your PC and use it to simply listen to music on your hard drive and it will sound a lot better than your stock on-board sound card.  Thanks Behringer, this is a great value!!
I own two of these Behringer boxes (they come in two modals) and use them with Sonor/cakewalk and an internal software sound modual (Roland Virtual sound Canvas) to play back midi files with my live two piece band. The sound through the PA (Soundcraft mixer and Mackie active speakers) is loud and very clear, in most cases, no eq needed. I guess it really revolves around your personal needs. For live performance these Behringer boxes are excellent and the price is a steal. I do not use it to record as my home recording is done on a stand alone DAW (Tascam 2488 24 track).If you are a live musician or a DJ using something like Virtual DJ these boxes are a great way to eliminate low level hum from a laptop and give you a dramtically better sound than most internal laptop sound cards.
This is a solid little USB Interface.  There are no frills, and there's no latency.  I have used this for @ 4 years without any problems, and it's very portable.  I run this between my small, 8 channel mixer and my laptop for recording guitar, and it's well worth the price to have one of these around.  Can also be used with tape players to import audio into your computer; I use this for more than just guitar recording.
Got this based on other reviews, especially one who took the time to really expound on it.  I used it for recording a cassette to computer, but I really bought it to use to interface my mixing board with my computer.  Should work just fine.  The seller was fast, getting it to me over 2 weeks ahead of the projected arrival date.If you've used other Behringer equipment, you may or may not be impressed with their quality.  Just remember, that although they may be engineered in Germany, they are made in China.  Enuf said.  This particular unit seems to be built pretty well, but time will tell.
I picked this simple interface up back in 2007 and I can attest that it still works flawlessly after all these years! It's been gigged, dropped, and even rained on, however it still sounds great and functions perfectly. I was using this as my laptop interface and when combined with the free ASIO4All driver, I was able to get anywhere between 5ms and 10ms latency. Under Windows 7, it was plug and play with the default WDM driver, however to really take advantage of capabilities, you'll want to install ASIO4All, especially if you're using Ableton, FL Studio, energyXT, etc. All and all, the UCA202 is pretty limited, however it does allow you to easily get audio into and out of your PC. For the functionality alone, it's definitely worth asking price!
