I expected this to be a good mic but it's amazing how much different the quality is over your standard desk mic.
I use this microphone mainly to record music. Occasionally I use it for voice chat where it supposedly excels in quality compared to desktop USB microphones. I think the best way to describe this microphone is that it is &#34;above average&#34; but does not outperform any higher-end non-USB microphones that I have played with in the past. While it is not an &#34;outstanding&#34; microphone, it's still a great entry-level product for those on a budget.The microphone is relatively easy to use (just plug in the USB cable) but it needs some accessories to be efficient. For instance, the stand that comes with the microphone cannot hold the microphone upright. It seems like it will tip over if you breathe on it the wrong way. Remember to buy a solid desk (or floor) stand for the microphone, as well as a shock mount and a pop filter.
I am a musician who needed budget home studio equipment. Paired up with a nice pop filter, this mic is able to produce some amazing vocal recordings. You'd be surprised to find out how many famous youtube musicians or podcast creators use this mic. It took me some time to get the hang of miking amps, positions and vocal distance, but I am truly getting more than my money's worth for what it's putting out. Check out some demos of quality on youtube if you need further convincing. I am very glad I made this purchase.I've owned this mic for 2 years if you're curious about durability.
I was looking for a better quality Mic but not willing to pay a high price to sing on the Internet.  This was a low price and high quality solution.  Nothing to load and I was singing right out of the box.It does pick up noise around me since this is a condenser mic but, that just means you pick a quiet place to record.. LOL
This mic is absolutely awesome! It looks and feels SO high quality. The sound is stunning. It could be a tiny bit better for the price, but I'm absolutely pleased with it overall. Best mic in this price range by far!
This microphone's quality is amazing. I just hooked it up to my PC (Windows 7) and it worked no hassle whatsoever. Nothing to install or hoops to jump through, just works great. I recommend buying a mic stand of some kind if you really want to eliminate vibration or other background noises. The stand that comes with it is very stable, but it is low to the ground (or in this case, desk/table) so it may pick up some unwanted background noise (computer fans, mouse clicks/movement, etc).
I use this to record vocals and acoustic guitar on my iMac.  The simplicity of this mic is very nice.  The sound quality is also very decent.  I haven't ever used one of those 'professional' quality ones but this has not disappointed me so far.  The only complaint I have is that there is no 'On/Off' switch.  The only way to turn it off is to unplug it.  Other than that I totally recommend this Microphone!
This is the best USB Condenser mic I've ever used.  I needed to buy a condenser mic recently that had to be XLR.  I bought the AT2020 XLR version, simply due to the fantastic results I've achieved with this one.I only use this microphone for podcasting.  I do not record music with it, but I haven't tried yet.  If you're curious as to the sound quality, listen to my podcast "Rock Crushes Paper" on iTunes and Zune Marketplace.Just to give you an idea of what I'm using:Windows 74 GB ramPentium 4 Dual core 2.2 ghzAdobe Auditon 3The build quality is fantastic, built like a tank really.  The only knock I have on this is the little tripod stand.  Yes, it's a tripod stand, but I can't imagine actually being in a spot where I'd rather use that then the On-Stage desktop mic stand.Anyways, great mic.  Can't recommend it enough.  It's made me check out other Audio-Technica products.
works great, small and easy to place to the side and out of the way, simple setup, plug it in, change the preference settings and it works
I bought this microphone for youtube/podcasting and it does a REALLY perfect job. The quality is great for me. It was what I had expected it to be. I also bought a desktop mic stand with it, as well as a shockmount and popfilter. Highly recommended.
