i like the fact they are colored the helps a set up and break downi am going to buy some more
This 6-Pack of Guitar Patch Cables are great for chaining guitar effects pedals and the short lengths helps to reduce cable "spaghetti mess". These are well made cables with 90-degree connectors, which is exactly what we needed.Highly Recommended!CFH
They work great with my pedals! Not sure if it's the pedals or the cords, but I noticed with my full rig and using all the cords there is a noticeable hum in the background. I'm sure a noise gate could solve that problem, but oh well. I can deal with it.
After years of soldering connectors to custom wire lengths, I love the ease of buying a few packs of inexpensive patch cords and just plugging in. Some of my older pedals are still connected using soldered 90 degree plugs that invite crackle and hum over time - may be due to vibration when packing / setting up or, maybe it's just contaminates in the air condensing on the contact surface. No matter, I won't be getting out the screwdriver and soldering iron again.One advantage of these molded plugs is smaller size - especially when connecting stereo devices. Much narrower than the 90 degree metal shells with screws. A couple of concerns I had were increased noise without the metal connector shell and the restrictions of fixed length. As it turns out, they don't contribute to higher noise levels and, they are just the right length for all my pedal connections. Everything is connected using this single length patch.Love the color coding, too. Especially on the stereo pedals connected in series where you can link the mono and B channels and are looking for that mono output in less than bright light.And what to do if one does fail? Toss it and grab another from the bag of patch cords that cost less than a couple of soldered connectors and is replaced faster than a soldering iron can get up to temperature. I'll always have a bag of these around for spares and reconfiguring my board. It's a lot more fun playing than fixing stuff - love these patch cables!
They all work and none of them have given any trouble. My pedal arrangement stays loose and the whole thing gets moved and jerked around (a lot). I would have liked them to be a little bigger in diameter but for the price they work great. No regrets, Rock On!
took longer than I wanted but im in cali and they are in jersey so... when I got the patches they were better quality than I expected. So It was cool.
These patch cables have worked well and done their job just fine for me but when they arrived they smelled really strongly like band-aids ... kind of a gross plastic smell.  The smell did go away some but it made me not want to touch them much at first.
