I've found no issues with noise or build quality so far; the 1 foot length lets you stagger or make those connections for large pedals or one which put their input/outputs in weird places.
I bought these because I needed just a few more inches to reach a couple boxes on my pedal board.  I have the Planet Waves patch cords called 6&#34; so I thought these would cover it being 12&#34;.  When I went to hook up, they were still too short so I immediately blamed these cords.  OOOOOPS, took out the tape measure so I could complain and found that these are indeed 12&#34;  I then measured the Planet Waves and found they were actually 10&#34;, not 6&#34;.  My bad!  These seem to be good quality and they are exactly what they say they are.  If you want to spice up your board, go for some color!
At this price, these cables are a bargain.  The jury is still out on how durable they are, but they all arrived in working order and have held up well despite several months of plugging and unplugging.  The length is great for when you have a bunch of pedals with inputs that vary from top to side.  I hate it when the patch isn't long enough and I have to mis-allign my pedals !  Anyway, thumbs up.  Will revisit my review if they begin to fail soon-
I've used this to connect several devices and the colors help. I would recommend this and the quality is good.
Good quality, seem durable enough. Sure there are better cables out there, but for the price, these are hard to beat.
Good deal on this package of patch cords. They work just as well as the more expensive ones I have used. I like the length too. It is long enough to make a loop in, which make everything easier to work with.
These patch cords work like a champ.  I use them with my pedal board, and haven't any issues with signal quality.  They give some versatility in their length.  I can move the cords around without having to move my pedals too much.  The colors....well...ok, they're a little odd, but for the price, I dealt with it.
This is a simple and cheap way to hook your pedals together on your board. I have bought 2 packs of these and have only had one go bad on me. note that they are cheap and are NOT the quality of, say, George L's cables. That being said, they also don't cost $70. Can I hear a tonal difference between these cords and my more expensive ones??? Not really. People who say they hear tonal loss with some cords are scrutinizing the imagined auditory experience. Why only four stars??? because I wish they were all one color and not a rainbow of colors. it does look dorky on your board to have a bunch of different colored cords. but, that's my opinion.
I bought these cable to use on a pedal board, and they don't disappoint. They're fairly flexible, have solid construction, and are different colors for easy identifying.
I put these on my ikea gorm board pedalboard and they work great so far.  No dead cables yet. I've been using them for 6 months or so.
When I look down at my dirty scuffed up old pedal board and see these patch cables, so bright and festive, I just FEEL beautiful all over again.
If you want to pay $$$ for patch cables and it somehow makes you feel more secure, go for it. Otherwise pick these up - great price and certainly gets the job done. The colors fit may into your rig or perhaps you can use them strategically, that feature is in incidental plus. They appear to be solid and will likely last just fine.
I needed some new patch cables for my board and I liked the different color thing. I believe this was part of my first order through Amazon and was totally satisfied with the process and the result . Will and have used it since. Thank you.
These are great cables for connecting effects pedals and I love that they have a little color (both for fun & better organization). To top it all off, the price is right. Cheers.
