Spend a few extra bucks and get a music stand that is sturdier! these can't support heavy stuff and will knock over SO easily. They sure are portable though. not a bad idea to keep one in your car just in case since it folds up to be so tiny!
I bought this and am very satisfied with the quality and construction. One of the features I like is that it just doesn't take up too much room, and can be placed in its carrying bag which makes it wasy to store.Over all a nice easy to use poratble music stand.
The music stand is perfect for the keyboard I am playing.  It is strong, height flexible and hold the music sheets firmly.
Light weight... great for travel... it is perfect for what it is. It is adjustable for standing and sitting. Holds sheet music as it is intended to do. Came with a GREAT little travel bag. Folds up and sets up comfortably and easily.
I would say this stand is for the occasional user who doesn't put more weight than a few sheets of paper on it.The top part is not secured. It just slides on the tip of the tripod. Pick it up and carry it around, it'll come apart and scratch your Stradivarius.The foot is horrible: It sort of hooks in place with a little clamp. That means, you get ONE position. And that one doesn't look like it will live very long.Comes in a pouch, which helps to put it away.Spend more if you can.
Amazingly sturdy for the $.  It isn't as sturdy as some, but it probably is the sturdiest of the truly collapsible stands.  It folds up very nicely.  I'd buy it again.
It's as good as it looks. With that in mind, it's perfect. It's not very sturdy if you're using it outdoors and it's windy but hey, what do you expect from the way it looks?
It works great,it keeps my music in order.I am able to see my music.This has been a very useful tool.
This little music stand folds up small enough (after some disassembly) to fit in a pouch less than 2 feet tall and 2 inches wide. Once assembled, it stands straight and is more than sturdy enough for sheet music or most softbound books. The height is adjustable so you should be able to find a comfortable position whether you're standing, seated on a stool or in a chair. The angle of the tray is not adjustable. The legs are simple flat metal pieces and could be susceptible to being bent if you trip over it, so this might not be the best stand if you plan to keep it in one location. But for a portable stand, it's hard to find fault with this one, especially given the low cost.
