i own two of these...the first did not have a compartment door..so things just roll around inside case..not happy...but this one is just fine.looks great...no i would not take it on tour...but as far as run around and taking lessons..its safe all latches match up well...enjoy will order again
Manufacturer's website claimed that this case would fit a Les Paul style guitar. I have an ESP Eclipse. Not even close. ChromaCast products are great. They need to fix the info on their web page. I'm not a fan of shaped Les Paul cases. Too bad.
The quality of it is above my expectations. The only thing I would've like different is the accessory box inside. They could've make it a little bigger. The box already fell down 4 times (I got small kids...) and nothing happened to it or the guitar. Great product, worth every penny.
it is more than I hoped for! Very nice protection for my Luna! it is a solid casr that for the price cant be beat!
Once again received a good product for a good price and fast delivery.have never had any problems with any case bought thru amazon. All latch well and look good. Do not fly my guitars anywhere but do carry them in my truck over the road and no damage even with falls along the way.have five hard cases of various brands and all bought thru amazon wirh no complaints with any of them. All fit and work as expected
this case is perfect for storing a guitar in, I would not recommend using it for traveling anywhere unless in the back of your own vehicle, it will protect your guitar but it is not a heavy duty case, for the price this would be hard to beat by anyone
I don't travel often with my guitars, but needed good protection for those times when I do. This product meets all my expectations. My Les Paul and Fat Strat, both fit well in the case. It provides good support and cushioning, with a roomy accessories compartment. The corners of the case are well reinforced. The hardware is mid-grade. I believe it will hold up well for my use, and for someone playing weekend gigs. Overall it is a bargain for the price.
A good solid case. As for size, it's designed for the narrower Fender style body electric guitars. It could have better padding for instrument protection, ( compared to similar product from other makes.) Will do the job of good protection.
