This is a nice cable. Made from good materials and is attractive. I needed a 10 foot cable and Im glad I didn't buy one from the store.
When you're just starting to purchase equipment and are on a budget look into Plant Waves line up of cables and such.They offer good middle of the road accessories. Even high end also. Check them out they carry OK equipment. These mic. cables are working really well for me. Highly recommended.
I was originally was about to purchase a cheaper, thinner cable, but settled on this Planet Waves Classic series XLR cable. I wanted myMXL 2010 Multi-pattern Studio Micto have a quality xlr cable connecting it. I also have my microphone and this cable connected to theYamaha Audiogram 6 audio interfaceand it works flawlessly.* Sturdy cable. IT is thick and flexible at the same time. It curls around my microphone stand well, too.* Good connector heads. At the female end (microphone), there is spring part that locks in the microphone in. NIce added peace of mind.This cable simply feels strong and well made. Phantom power and data transfer has been flawless. I highly recommend this quality XLR cable.Update: 12.19.12Still working great after 5 months. Forgot to mention the nice packaging. It's eco friendly and nicely packaged. It also has a lifetime GUARANTEE. Not a warranty, a guarantee! That speaks volumes on the quality they believe on their product.
What can i say?  this is a xlr cable.i just have to stress if you want gear that will last for a while and not have a crappy connection somewhere buy decent cables.This one has quality ends on it and that makes me happy that this investment will last years down the road.So buy a decent quality cable like this one and not the cheapest!
Happy to have Black connectors on an XLR cable that doesn't cost a ton.  I use these for a short run to my mixer from my Line 6 Pod. They work great. Not the greatest mic cable, but for the price they can't be beat.
Quiet and durable
The title says it best, it's a decent basic mic cable.  It's nothing special, like a canare or mogami, but does the job in a non-high stress position.  cable is a bit thin (but the supple, quality thin those that have high end mic cables will recognize). it was priced right @ $7.50 usd.
These cables are flexible without feeling cheap, and have solid end connectors. And, they produce no electrical noise like my old ones do, which is why I replaced them. I suspect these cables will be a round for a long time to come, which was something important to me when making my purchasing decision. These mics cords have solid construction going for them, without the high dollar cost.
