for the price and effect itself u can not get a better deal.use it for my acoustic guitar  pedal board though. it just does the job and im more than satisfied.it works awesome with electric guitar too. just get it!
Was a little hesitant to get a stomp pedal, especially a delay, for this price. But I figured, how can you go wrong...if it's not good, at least you're not out a lot of money. I've been thoroughly impressed with this pedal. Much more sturdy than it appears in photos. I actually like that the input and output jacks are at the front of it. Works great so far and don't regret purchasing...worth every dime...where else can you get a great-functioning delay pedal for this price?
this is very inexpensive and works great for my home-wanna be purposes.  it is not superloaded with heavy delay, etc. but it definitely gives you the effect.  it links well with other pedals.  the Battery wears out pretty quick and it does not come with a 9 v plug in.  therefore, I would recommend spending a couple of bucks and get a standard 9V plug in on Amazon or at a local electronics store and not worry about the batteries always going dead.I like it enough that I will probably get a few more of this company's petals as the effect is good and the price is right.for my limited purposes, this works great.  if you are a pro gigging or on the road, you probably want to get a more versitile, heavy duty and expensive delay petal.
This delay is really nice, especially for the price.  I am a fan of the FAB line of effects and have several of them.  My favorite is this delay and the Echo.  They have been very durable and I am confident that the plastic body of the pedals will remain durable.  My only complaint is the markings on the level knobs.  They have a very thin pale red line that is hard to see.  This could have been more thoughtfully desingned with a thick bright white line that would contrast against the knob surface.  This can be done yourself with a paint marker or whiteout brush, but it should have been considered ahead of time.
Bought this for a friend. Cheap plastic enclosure. Affects noticeably your guitars tone and is not exactly a useable delay. He tried to use it for his cleans for our punk ska band but there was no messing with the controls to get a suitable delay. Stay away from this one and get a better used pedal.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-8 600Ms Delay effects pedal works great and gives me as much delay as I need .  There's no fancy bells and whistles but just good old manual adjustments that lets you dial in the delay you want with no effort at all..  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
Like most of the other Danelectro pedals this one has a great sound and in this case a fairly inexpensive price though it is higher than most of their other pedals.  Once again though get the AC-DC adapter for it as it'll put you in the poor house supplying 9v's to it...it eats them like candy
The delay pedal was inexpensive and it works.  I dont find a lot of variance in the adjustments, but it does the job it was made for.  The case may be plastic but it appears quite rugged.
I love these cheap little pedals.I don't know if these would make a long tour with rough use - but they will be good for small club use with a careful handler.Great for around the house and rehearsal.A little noisy - but what do you expect at this price, right?So far very reliable after a few months of use. I will take this out on a little club tour and post back with problems and reliability concerns and if there are any preventative measures to address beforehand.Otherwise - great product. They look cool also - like something out of the 60's Star Trek or something.*************************************09/27/2013I still use this pedal on my main pedal board - it just sounds so good!Sound guy asked me about it the other night - and when I showed it to him he didn't believe me.$10 for some of the best analog delay sounds out there - who needs boutique pedals?
I have two delay pedals, both inexpensive (this one and a Behringer) and although this one is even cheaper than the already cheap Behringer, the Danelectro sounds more natural.  The Behringer has a somewhat brittle high end to the delayed signal, which is perfectly ok for some applications.  The Danelectro has a warmer, almost analog feel.  It sounds awesome when used in conjunction with your lead boost for solos.  The case is plastic but unless you eat 3 times your weight at the Golden Corral buffet then jump up and down on the pedal with both feet, you're not going to break it.  The only thing I don't like is that the three control knobs are facing away from you when you use it.  I suppose this was done to allow the knobs to fit into the "retro" look of this pedal.  Ok, fine.  I've heard pedals costing twice as much that don't sound as nice as this one.  As one reviewer once wrote, there are guitarists who would rather catch AIDS than be seen with cheap pedals on their pedal board; I, however, think some of these cheap pedals function quite well, and in some cases, just as well as their more expensive counterparts.  If you have the nerve to put this pedal in the same board with your Holy Grail, OCD, and other "boutique" pedals, I promise the other ones won't catch AIDS from this.  In fact, the whole ensemble will benefit.
I've owned two of these pedals and they both  had the same quirk. The delay is amazing, the repeats trail and decay beautifully,The controls give you a wide range of tones...But, They've both randomly gone into a feedback loop on me!  One constant high pitched screeching tone!My signal chain was low gain, And its done it when it was the only pedal In the chain, so It's not  another pedals Influence... I love the sound, but, I won't use it live in case of feedback...That being said its still a very good pedal.
