yes, a iittle white flaking but no biggie unless you have a black case interior...easy to install strap locks...use on blue strat and looks great..enjoy
I'm very impressed really thought it would be pleather but it's real leather highly recommend this strap and it came quick
The only solid white leather strap I could find that didn't have any ornamentation.  It is of average quality but for the price I wasn't expecting much.  It looks nice and is mostly comfortable on my black Ibanez RG550XX.
It isn't the softest strap. But the width makes it feel better till it's &#34;broken-in&#34;. Good leather that should last a long time.  I have very similer straps that have lasted 30+ years.
Nicely made and a good value but it seems to be a bit stiff right now.It is a single strip of leather with no padding.Maybe it just needs to be broken in.Compliments the color on my Lake Placid blue strat well.For the record, this strap is actually quite long - even in the second strap hole.I am about 5'9" and a trim 155 lbs.At the shortest setting I can manage, the strap is too long to keep the heastock up effectively when I am sitting.Update 2011-Jul-31: The strap is still rather stiff.I will probably pick up a white cotton strap.Those fit well and can be resized a lot more efficiently, in my opinion.
Strap was a much better quality than expected for the cost.  Clean well packaged .  Has adjustment for length the hole size is per very good will take some working to get it on the guitar so you need not worry about slipping off.  I will still use a strap lock .  Nice product I suggest it .
i felt i needed a white strap for an extra one to have around. This makes a good spare, but I would not use it and trust it on stage. It is thin leather and doesn't seem like it will hold up under any abusive situation. That's just my opinion of it, you may not see it like that and have no fear of it. I would fear it.
It's the same as the other flavors, which all work fine, but it looks great with my new white Gretch.
I bought this strap for my new American Deluxe Plus Stratocaster. The &#34;Strat&#34; is Mystic Ice Blue, with a maple neck and fretboard. With the light metallic blue, and the natural maple neck and fretboard, the white strap looks great! I'm very pleased with it.
I do question the leather part but since it doesn't say what kind of leather I suppose thats fine, its still a good strap either way.
