These work great.For the price I bought a couple intending to use them on a diddley bow I built.I have not used them for that purpose yet, but tried them on my guitars, a dulcimer and stick I built, and was impressed with the sound quality for the price.
This device works well, but sound is far from perfect. Distortion is more noticeable at higher volume. For the price paid is a very reasonable option.
not the greatest little pick up, for the price im more than happy with its performance.  put it through a highr quality mixer and there are no problems, run it through a practice amp and it comes off a bit tinny.  I wont fit in the sound hole to I clip it to the head stock and it works surprisingly well.  Cant beat it for the price.
I like how easy it can be attached to the soundhole, or, for that matter, to the headstock, where you may get less feedback than with the soundhole. It works well but produces a somewhat metallic sound, not quite true to your guitar (you will note this in particular with a classical guitar). This can be balanced, to some degree with your amp's equalizer and/or the treble and bass settings. However, compared to the AXL Pickup (which I bought for comparison), the Cherub is suboptimal when it comes to the sound it produces. It is not bad, but it does not reach the quality of the AXL. Both are inexpensive enough that you may buy them together and see what you like best. The Cherub may actually sound better with an acoustic metal sting guitar.
DOWNGRADE TO 1-O STAR AFTER RETURNING IT BACK TO BROOKMAYS, THE SELLER:I am really disappointed by the seller, BrookMays', ignorant responses to my return of the defective Cherbub Guitar Pickup, which picks up unwanted noise by the wire's own movements and the high frequency of feedback that other pickup won't have the same issue.  After two weeks of the returned item was delivered, I didn't hear anything from the seller regarding the return, so I emailed to the seller to see if we can settle it asap.  Too bad, four days after the email had been sent, I only got the email of telling me the case# of the message I sent without any further response to my refund.  until my patience is gone to deal with this hassle, and I don't think it's worth to waste more time on it, despite the fact of wasting the time and money I spent on this useless pickup and the shipping costs. Therefore, yesterday, I emailed my last contact to the seller regarding the refund of the purchase and gonna report this to AMAZON about the bad after-sale service I ever have before if I still haven't heard from the seller shorty.Today, I finally received the seller's response to my refund, the seller denies the issues of the pickup and claims, "it was not defective. All pickups are going to get unwanted noise if you move the guitar. The feedback can be to to many other issues. I have issued the refund of $7.04."  Obviously, the reply is unconvincing; although the feedback can be raised from varies issues, i have tried with another pickup to the same directions and setups, but it doesn't have such problems at all.  The fact is NOT ALL pickups get UNWANTED noise although I didn't try many pickups.  Cherub Guitar Pickup doesn't work as the product description to pickup the original tones of the instrument regardless the surrounding noises.  Moreover, the unwanted loud noise from its wire movements is really annoying, and there's no way to stop the wire movements while strumming. Indeed, I won't use it, and I don't want it to sit at my house as a useless property, so returning back to the seller may help to improve the issues it has.  However, the hassles I got from the seller is totally unexpected and it's NOT worth at all.By the way, I'm also unhappy about the refund of &7.04, I bought it for $8.79 along with AMAZON Free Shipping of the purchase of $25 or more.  To me, it is not the money of $1.75, but it's not fair to the buyer, who doesn't get the right service and quality from the purchase but only wastes the times and money on this matter. So if you really need a pickup for your instrument, I highly recommend you to spend few more dollars to get a much better and reliable one. Don't make the same mistake as I did to try this one because of the cheap price, in turn, you may get more hassles than you expect on such cheap merchandise.  I don't want that happens to anyone else, so I decided to tell you what I went through to keep you from the possible hassles before betting on it.2 STARS FOR THE 1ST REVIEW AFTER USING IT TWICE:I like the clip-on design, which is easy to use, so it is worth 2 stars; however, it doesn't work well clipping on small soundholed string instruments like ukes and kid size guitars because it touches the strings.  Besides that, it also picks up loudly through the wire's own movements, not as the description "regardless the surrounding noises."  I have distressed from those unwanted loud noises.  One more thing that it somehow produces much higher feedback to the mini amp that I use, and I have to turn the volume as low as possible to prevent the high frequency of feedback. However, when I switch to another pickup with the same setup on mini amp and acoustic guitars or uke. the amp doesn't have any feedback even turning it to almost the highest volume, and the other pickup doesn't have the unwanted noise from its own movement either.  I don't know whether is my lack of luck or the poor pickup I got ... I bought it because its cheap price (less than $9) & clip-on design, but, I can't accept the noises and I have to waste my shipping cost to return it back to the seller. So, if you want to give it a try, you may bear in mind that the seller, BrookMays, doesn't take any responsibility for the shipments even the item doesn't work properly as claimed description. Good Luck then!
I bought this for the other half of my duet to use on there guitar and mandolin .They had there doubts about how good it would sound and if it would feedback.Well surprise surprise surprise it didn't feedback and it sounds great.I would recommend this product.
this was for a friend who liked the way the guitar pikup worked that he ordered 2 more for his family members.
I have a couple of clip on mics that I tried out.  This one is definitely the best.  I use it on the head stock of my soprano ukes and right in the sound hole for my bari uke.  You do have to find the sweet spot, but once you do, it works great through my Pignose amp, and actually fits right inside my Pignose.  Great value and price too!
After purchasing many kinds of attachments to amplify my mandolin or fiddle, with little or no satisfaction, I ordered this little mic.  I didnt' expect much considering the price.  It works so great, I ordered a few more.  Clip it into the guitar sound hole, or on the head stock, or on the mandolin head stock or on the fiddle....each time, it delivers a natural pleasant sound, not distorted or squeaky. The cord is long enough for me to stand and move around some while I play.  that is a GREAT bonus for me!!
Very good for any instrument that does not have a pick up on it!!!!!! I would recommend this product to a friend!
I really like the Cherub pickup. It is the easiest to install in my classical guitar of any pickup I've used. The sound quality is very good for a piezo pickup and better than at least one of the more complicated bar type in the sound hole type pickups I have. The pick wire out to the amp is skinny and only 8 feet long, but for 8 bucks it can't be beat.
I just play at home with friends. It works well so far on all my ukuleles.  However every time you touch your instrument it's going to transmit that sound into your amp so it's nothing I'd be using on stage if I didn't have to.  Still it seems to be a good value but truth be told I haven't had it long so it could crap out on the longevity issue. Time will tell.
It arrived on time, I have an Epiphone Hummingbird acoustic guitar, so I needed a pickup for do some recording,it works well but It's not very loud. This thing should sound louder, next time, I'll buy a Duncan pickup.
I recently purchased a Vox Mini3 G2 modeling amp to go with my new Mainland Tenor (acoustic/electric) ukulele. It was my first electric instrument and I immediately fell in love with the combination uke/amp.A little time went by and I began wishing I could plug my 5 other non-electric ukuleles and 3 guitars into my amp.  I see DIY pickup sets are pretty inexpensive, but I didn't really want the expense (times eight) or the hassle of drilling holes and installing them on all those instruments.Then I stumbled on this Cherub pickup.  For about the cost of lunch at McDonalds it seemed I might &#34;electrify&#34; on the fly whatever instrument I cared to . . . pickup.  So I bought it.Bottom line is that it works very well for my needs.  And although I don't have a very critical ear, I (think) I can hear a slight quality/clarity difference between the built-in pickup on my Mainland uke vs clipping this onto my other instruments, but that's not a surprise and such a small difference that I don't much care. So far I've been clipping it into the sound holes, but I might try it on the headstock as others have recommended.If you're a Rock-God don't even consider this (why would you anyway?). But if you're a mere mortal just having some fun with your instruments and would like an inexpensive option to plug one in once in a while, this Cherub is for you.
For the price you will expect what sound you'll get, I haven't tried other expensive ones, but I have a Yamaha NTX700 with built in pickups (Pro guitar) and the price reflects the quality.Also the WCP-60G has no guide or manual where to attache it to get the best soundIt is not that expensive, you can buy it if you just want the sound of the guitar to be recorded
This is more of a toy than a good pickup. It functions but doesn't sound great. What did I want for this price anyway?
I put this in the soundhole of a concert ukulele and angled it toward the &#34;G&#34; string and it sounds great. What a buy for the price. You may have to experiment with position and for ukes some have found the headstock to be the best spot. Whatever spot you find is best for you, it's worth it, I'm going to try it on my reso-uke next.
Well This work well with my Uke, and there is a review that pretty much sum it up! Put it on the headstock!
only  thing is you need to loosen some strings to get it into place, but  worked great for what I wanted to screw around with it,
First we have to realize this is not a $200 pickup or even a $50 pickup.  It's less than ten bucks.It has a specially-designed clamp that is good for attaching it to the sound hole of a guitar.  As such it is not going to work for an instrument without a considerable-size sound hole.  It also will tend to get in the way of those who play directly over the sound hole, as it is quite easy to hit and will pick up any contact noise.It is more sensitive than cheaper competitor devices.  Unless you run it directly into the amp within a distance of 8 ft you are also going to need a 1/4" to 1/4" coupler (to allow it to connect to an extension guitar cord).  You will need such extension as this tends to have significant feedback issues if the amp is too close or facing the guitar.It is a passive pickup, so you will need either an amp with a passive-specific input or a preamp mixer or other preamp device. If you don't have a preamp system, this will do you no good.So because of the limitations I rate it as above.  For what it does though-- providing a passive pickup that can be quickly switched out between instruments, it does okay.  I believe there are better pickup concepts out there for about the same amount of money, including adhesive-disk mikes.  I would prefer to permanently mount a pickup of some kind and there are many low-cost pickups out there to choose from.  But this is a slightly different concept (removable) that for the price is worth checking in to.
