I got this for our church. I got sick of seeing the guitars against the wall. They where very easy to put together and now the guitars are off the wall and sitting on the stands perfectly.
Musician's Gear Tubular Guitar Stand Black Pair is a good deal for musician. Buy it, if you would like to have your guitars ready to play anytime you want to.
I'm happy with them. SO much easier having my guitars in a stand i can grab when I want. These stands are decent quality and pretty reasonably priced.
very happy. Holds my lies Paul and schechter guitars very well. Had a bit of a chemical smell when first opened.
These are solid stands for holding your guitars. I use them with my six string acoustic and my six string electric guitars and they work great. They are an excellent value.The reason they are so important to have is that, by having your guitars out and available to play, you will get more practice. They help me pick up my guitars much more often. Instead of dragging out the case and getting a single 20 minute session, I might get 4 or 5 10 minute sessions a night -- more on the weekends.Stands of this quality were about three times the cost at my local music store. I highly recommend these for around the house use.
Cheap stands get the job done i have 0 problems so far. I've taken them from new jersey to south carolina
I bought a couple of these two years ago. They are a sturdy but lightweight stand. The small footprint is nice for those with limited space. I use for both electric and acoustic guitars. I will say that the two I recently purchased are NOT the same as the ones purchased in 2011. The pictured product is the same but the actual product is not. The newer stands have a rear leg that is about half the length as the older model. The tubing is smaller on the upright piece and the body support. The body support now inserts through the base tube; the earlier design had a reinforced tube that accepeted the body support piece. The rubber feet are also smaller. These changes appear to make the newer stand less sturdy and stable, however I believe the stand will be adequate for most full size guitars. I didn't notice any offensive rubber odor others have reported. There may be a concern about damage to certain finish. I would simply wrap the rubber or replace it with an inert material.
I needed to have a place to sit my guitars and bass. These things work really great. I love them.
