these are the best strings around.  last a long time especially if you live near the beach where corrosion is always a concern.
I keep an acoustic out on a stand in my office to keep handy for when inspiration strikes.  I used d'addarios for many years. I switched to these and their longevity is drastically more noticeable.  they sound great too. The added expense is more than made up for by the extra long life afforded by the coating.
They're 2 days on and sound fantastic already. I've come to expect nothing but excellence from Elixirs, they're the best I've played on to date, whether electric or acoustic. I very highly recommend these to anyone looking to get great tone straight out of the box
Personally, I love the nanoweb strings.  I have 4 guitars, and they each get played once every couple weeks.  As I'm no pro, I don't want to put strings on them that I'm going to have to change every time, just to mess around at my apt.I don't mind that they are extra slippery, or that they sound a tad bit "different" than other strings.  They're exactly what I want - A string that makes my guitar sound good for 4 months without changing strings.
These acoustic strings are used on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are just the right weight, and just the right amount of flex. We've tried D'Addario, brighter sound (D'Addario Acoustic Guitar Strings Set, EXP 80/20 Lite), and Martin, a little stiff (Martin Strings SP Phosphor Bronze 12.5-55 MSP4150). In the end, these Elixirs sound and feel best on this guitar.The difference between these strings - nanoweb and polyweb - the nano's have a very light coating that you almost don't feel. So if you like standard not coated strings, the nano's are probably the way to go. If you want a bit of softness, the polys are a better bet.As has been said, there is no perfect guitar string for everyone. The perfect guitar string is the one that feels and sounds right to you on your guitar. For the combination we have, these are outstanding strings.On the strings lasting longer, that's hard to say. Fresh strings do sound better. It's clear that the wound strings do not corrode like non-coated strings. But I'm not certain these last so much longer. We buy them because they sound good and have the right amount of flex to them - playability. Corrosion or crud on the string isn't the sole factor in changing strings.Elixir is a wonderful company. On my third or fourth sets of Elixir strings, the G string snapped as my son was tuning the guitar for the first time. Elixir is outstanding, they will replace any string that doesn't perform up to your standard.The other amazing thing - I've watched tons of videos and watched a lot of guys change strings, and I'm still very confused. The Elixir website (it's pretty simple elixirstring dot com) is outstanding. Ther is a two part video from the Taylor factory on how to change strings. I swear that if you follow those instructions, you will change strings in minutes. It is so simple and so reproducible. I love this technique.
Elixir Strings are the best I have ever used, they sound great and last far longer (tonally) than anything else I have tried.....
I only play Elixir strings.  They are relatively finger friendly, hold their tune well and are much longer lasting than many strings I have played in the past.  These were for an electric acoustic I just bought, which is why I got a lighter string than I normally play.  I will move to mediums once I get the feel of the guitar.  Of course, they will be Elixirs as well.
Elixir's Nanoweb Light Phosphor Bronze strings are the best strings I've ever used on my Alvarez acoustic -- a guitar I've now owned for over 30 years.  They certainly are the longest lasting strings that seem to be out there, they have a nice punchy tone, and are easy on the fingers.  Unlike the Elixir Extra Lights that I found to be lacking in bass and just a tad on the mushy side on a short-scale guitar, these seem like an ideal combination.  I may buy another set soon and restring the short-scale instrument with lights.  Compared with some brands and gauges of more "old school" strings, there may be a little less bass response, but these sound good, pretty even through the set, and the convenience of not having to change strings so often outweighs whatever minor issues that one might have with the ping of the low E string.
You cannnot go wrong with Elixir accoustic guitar strings.  Taste in strings is difficult to discuss as what appeals to one may not appeal to another.  However, you cannot go wrong with those strings.  I highly recommend them.  I like their mellow sound which will last longer than other strings I have tried.
This is the only brand I would ever buy the sound is superior and easy to play. These are well worth the money!
I love the Elixir strings. They sound great and play easy. I would recommend them to anyone. Give them a try..
I am a beginner guitar player, so I don't have too much experience with different types of strings.  But, I can say that when compared to the stock strings of my Fender Acoustic guitar, these things are like night and day.  A much brighter sounds and a little easier on the fingers. Highly recommended.
You can never go wrong with Elixir Strings Acoustic Phosphor Bronze Strings NANOWEB Coating, 6-String,...The great long lasting sound is worth the extra cost.
These strings are just okay - they last about 4 months and then they start to fray a little bit.
they seemed a litte expensive but once you play them you know they will last you a VERY long time and their sound is great, these strings are not focused on performance but endurance, best string I've ever played!
I absolutely love these strings. They enhance the deep rich sound on my dreadnought. They last a long time and they keep their great sound for a long time. If there was a way to give 10 stars I would.
Polyweb strings have a heavier coating so I prefer nanoweb for the ultra-thin coat and brighter sound. They're easy on my fingers and make the most beautiful sound. Because they're coated and have anti-rust, they last up to months longer than regular strings and don't make much finger sounds. Favorite strings.
I only use elixirs on my taylor now 1, because they last months on end while maintaining that new string zing, and 2 because they are super smooth. It's like playing a silk guitar. Get these strings.
These strings are noticeably warmer compared to the brighter Bronze Nanoweb. Still a great guitar string. A real winner for Elixir who are the originators of &#34;Goretex&#34; A real triumph of re-invention. Well done Goretex!
If your like me and have a big dreadnaught, especially one with a spruce top and a scalped X bracing, you should really get these strings. They bring out the brightness my guitar was hiding with the D'Daddarios and they are about the same price. Best of all they last extremely long, but I've broken a few strings over the past months. Overall great strings and pretty consistent.
Very good string!! I've been using Elixir strings for about ten years now. I've been a full time musician for about 14 years now and for what I do these sound the best and last for 3 or more month's. Within these ten years I've only had 2 strings break on me, and I sometimes work 6 days a week for many for at a time
I have never been much of a fan for coated strings. I normally use DAddario EJ 16's but I do like these Elixirs, after about 4 weeks of playing they are starting to fade, not stay in tune and I notice fuzz on the wound strings at the sound hole. They do feel nice to the touch and a nice tone but pretty expensive for four week turnaround
