The Fulltone Full Drive 2 is another incarnation of the original Fulldrive. Now with MOSFET circuitry available via toggle switch, this just makes the pedal even more flexible. Not to mention boutique quality at a working man's price.This device is built solid and sports a powder blue coat finish. The volume knob gives you lots of gain, the tone knob is a "presence" control, the overdrive knob adjusts the level of overdrive, and then there is the boost level. Yes, this is a 2-switch pedal, so when you are playing a chunky rhythm you can step on the "boost: switch for a great lead tone.The toggle switch in between the tone and drive knobs affect the pedals tonal character as well as how the knobs affect each other. There is "comp cut" allowing for a cleaner boost, FM for "flat mids," and "vintage" for a more Tubescreamer tone.As a bonus, the pedal is also capable of running on 18v power for cleaner headroom, which is handy for hum bucker pick-ups.If you have the scratch and are, looking for a perfect OD pedal then look at the Fulldrive 2. It may wind up having a permanent position on your pedal board.
Holy buckets of tone batman!Let me start by saying, I'm always on the quest for great amazing tone. I think it ends here. This pedal is absolutely remarkable. Built like a tank, I'm pretty sure it will out live me. Its full of sonic options.The overdrive has a level, tone and overdrive. Almost self explanatory except the tone is more of a presence knob and less of an EQ which is a total plus in my book. it also has a mini toggle for comp cut, fm, and vintage modes. The comp cut is more of a clean boost to push your amps front end, the fm is really transparent, and the vintage mode gets you that creamy midrange bite.Yes, this may be another tube screamer clone, but it's a darn great one.The added MOSFET circuitry toggle gives it a lovely growl your low-end fattening it up, if thats your cup of tea, while the standard leaves it more transparent. You should know this switch does effect the whole signal, not just that of the boost side.On to my only negative check on this pedal, the boost ONLY works when the OD is on. It is not a boost to be run in series with the overdrive, just additional circuitry to add more gain to your OD signal.Another great feature, this pedal can be run at different volts from 9v-18v.Running at standard 9v gets you easier breakup, whereas 18v will get you more headroom.This pedal won't be leaving my board, probably ever. If you're even thinking about it, just do it!!! You'll never regret it.
So far so good with this pedal. Nice clean boost and a good overdrive sound when the second stage is activated.I mainly play relatively clean through a tube amp and use this pedal to simply cut through on the leads.I don't use this pedal for searing leads or ultra dirty sounds - just a little dirt - and two levels of it.It makes a good single channel amp act like a three channel amp and so far it is working great!Main amps - 1960 Bassman - 2012 Fender Hot Rod Deluxe - 1957 Fender Bandmaster - these amps sound great with this pedal - I don't use all three at the same time but one of these amps is with me when I play out.This pedal is very versatile and there are lots of good sounds in there so you will probably find something you like in there - but I don't think it will metal very well by itself but it would kick the front end of a good tube amp into another level of distortion pretty good.*****************************************09/27/2013Still lovin' this pedal. You gotta run it on 18 volts to really wake it up.This pedal has a lot of various dirty sounds - and is very versatile.I would purchase another if I needed it.Worth every penny.
This gear is for who wants a versatile overdrive pedal. It's go from light overdrives on channel 1 to heavy drives on boost channel. With mini trim pots you can add some flavor to the sound.On the other side, you can't use boost channel without drive channel.
Ever notice how every youtube video has pedals being demoed with either a Strat or a Tele?  We we can debate why that is but one thing for certain is it is tough to get an accurate idea of what an LP will sound like till after you unbox it.  After hours of research I decided on the FD2 since it seemed to have a lot of tuning options and I actually found a review using an LP into a clean amp.[...]Essentially, you get 3 modes which have varing degrees types of OD and a second boost mode to push things even father.  What I liked about this pedal is you can use the comp cut or flat mids with an LP and not increase the bottom end or mids which often Teles or Strats need.  Hence, you can go from slight boost to huge gain without turning into mud like some pedals will do.  The only downside is with so many options you will constantly be playing with the knobs and switches and finding new sounds.  Works fantastically with modeling amps which need varying amounts of clean and dirty OD depending on what you are modeling.
