I've used 4 different brands of clip-on tuners to tune my Classical guitars and electric basses, but this tuner is the most accurate. It captures the note immediately without errors, whether the low E on an electric bass guitar or the high E on my classical guitar. It is fast enough to use real time during intonation practice/training on fretless bass. It works flawlessly on solid body and acoustic instruments. Takes a little getting used to but simply, if the rings spin clockwise, the note is sharp; if the rings spin counterclockwise the note is flat.  If you can afford it, the Peterson is the best clip-on tuner out there.
Sat on my Snark - Good tuner but takes some patience. No quick tuning, but great for exact tuning if you are recording etc. Would probably buy again, however will also get another Snark - much easier for quick stage / sight tuning
This is my first strobe tuner.  So far it has been wonderful for intonation/initial setups.  It may be a little bit of overkill for average string tuning but one thing is for sure; it is accurate!  The only thing I don't like is that the housing feels "cheap."  Like plasticy cheap.  It was packaged in an attractive tin (which is not good for fitting in the guitar case) and I wouldn't take it on the road but it most definitely will be on my bench as the go-to tuner.It is easy to use, though the precision requires very gentle turns of your tuner.UPDATE:The battery life is short as noted by another reviewer. Since I only use it for initial setups and intonations I remove the battery when I place it back in its tin. There's a little storage slot for an extra battery in the the case which is useful.
I really like this tuner.  it works very well.  once you understand what you are supposed to be looking for on the tuner (ie., the moving black squares to no longer move),  then tuning is a simple and accurate thing.  it works great on all of my guitars, acoustic and electric.  comes in a very cool metal box which protects it nicely when traveling or not using it.  it cause a few bucks, but I think it is so much better than the other less expensive clip ons, that it is worth it.
As my reviews demonstrate, I'm a sucker for a new tuner.  Peterson has an excellent reputation for its strobe tuners. I'd even tried one, once, but decided it wasn't the sort of thing to be carrying around to jams.  So, when I saw that Peterson had introduced a clip on tuner, I couldn't help but salivate."Awkward" is a relative term, but I don't feel it's a disservice to use it here.  The typical clip-on tuner has an LCD "needle". When the needle is dead center, the string is tuner.  If it's short of center, the string is flat.  If it's past center, the string is sharp.  The SC-1 has two sets of rings that appear to rotate, analogous to what a strobe might look like.  A string is in tune when the rings stop rotating.  I found that with the way the sound of strings decays, it's difficult to get the rings to stop spinning, even in the SC-1's sustain mode.  (I've already returned the tuner.  Otherwise, I just realized, it would have been a big help to have done a short video of tuning a guitar with the SC-1 and with a Zoid or Intelli.)The SC-1 also boasts a "sweetened" mode for tuning guitars.  However, when  I tuned my lounging-at-home guitar this way, I found the needle was dead center on every string on my Intelli tuner. (For those who've read my other reviews, my preferred Zoid was in the case with my favorite guitar.)It may well be, and others may report, that the SC-1's feature set make it ideal for other situations.  However, if you main purpose is to keep a guitar in tune, then, with the SC-1 costing more than THREE ZoidsZoid Z-1000 Clip-On Tuner by Sabineor FOUR IntellisIntelli IMT500 Clip-on Chromatic Digital Tuner for Strings, I recommend that you consider the Zoid or Intelli.
All that needs to be said is that  &#34; It's a Peterson &#34; Just the best Tuner's ever. I also use one on My Pedal Board, Wouldn't use anything else !!!!!!
Peterson makes some of the best and most accurate tuners and their high end strobe tuners are a must for the professional guitar repair shop allowing for accurate intonation and set ups. This tuner is accurate and I have even successfully set the intonation on a couple of my instruments using it (although it is not intended for this purpose). However I purchased it for the intention of taking it along to gigs in my guitar case. Unfortunately, due to the flimsy plastic construction I don't feel that it is up to the task and it would only be a matter of time before it gets broken if taken out of the house or on the road. Far better off purchasing a cheap Snark tuner that if lost or broken wouldn't be a big deal to replace and is accurate enough for most peoples use.
