the sleek design is just great as the product does not hinder your hands and fingers while fretting a chord.  holds down exceptionally well and the release is effortless.  what i really like is that the padded material is very forgiving and holds the strings without any fret buzz and never damages my guitars.  it is also just great to &#34;hang&#34; on the headstock went not in use.
Most of the time I am able to use the G7 capo with one hand when moving it, adjusting it, and clamping it in place. However, sometimes I have to use both hands to squeeze it in place so the strings don't buzz. That may seem like not such a big deal, but I prefer to have an easier one to work with. I have small hands, and an old carpal injury, so I prefer to have as little strain as possible to place the capo. This one is better than the any of the clasping kinds (Keysers, etc) in that respect. After a couple of playing sessions, I figured out how best to use this capo with just one hand most of the time. Now that I've learned how best to use it, I'll keep it. When I first got it I was upset that I had to use 2 hands and forcible squeezing to put in place, but now I've learned how to work it better so that I can do most of it with one hand without too much strain.A capo should: be easy to remove and put on, stay in tune, not hurt the hands (no 2 handed squeezing), not interfere with playing when inserted, and it shouldn't break too soon (have at least several months to a year before breaking if at all).On the plus side, this unit seems pretty well made, so it should last a long time. I think it meets all the criteria except for having to squeeze it tight periodically.I've tried so many capos now, and the only ones I liked were the Planet Waves screw tops, they are easy to use, easy to move from fret to fret, light on the hands, stay in tune and out of the way, but they break in damp California weather (I've had 4 of them break on me, within a couple months. They snap and go airborn, which is dangerous). Next I'll try the Dunlop Victor capos, they are screw tops similar in style to the Planet Waves (Dunlop also makes the Planet Waves capos), but they are made with more durable bronze, so they should last longer, and I hope those will be the best for me. I also ordered an aluminum version of the Planet Waves in hopes it won't break like their thermoplastic ones do.If you have small hands like me, and don't want to strain the hands while playing, like me, then that rules out the Kysers and any of the squeezing type of capos. The Shubs fall off and are a hassle all around to take off and on and adjust, and the springtop ones are suspect as well. That's why I like the screwtops that don't get in the way and are easy to adjust. Ok, I hope the Dunlop Victor will do the job for me now, I'll try it next.
I have owned my G7th Capo over a year now & as far as I'm concerned it beats all the others I've owned in the past hands down!! So easy to use & can clamp right on my guitar nut for ease of moving when needed.
I use this on my Takamine and my Tele. It is easy to use, applies the right amount of tension and looks very cool. You can leave it clipped on the headstock when not using it. Cheaper ones will work, but I wanted to try it out. I do like it
I bought this capo thinking it would look slicker without the clamp handles sticking out but what I found is that although it looks cool, it's complicated (which for a capo is saying something). The release lever makes it difficult to get a good amount of pressure on the strings and nearly impossible to put it at the top of the guitar when not in use.Bottom line: If you don't mind the extra effort and don't plan on keeping it on your guitar when not using, then maybe you will enjoy it. For everyone else, look elsewhere.
I bought this because after I rebuilt a guitar that was very special to me it wouldn't stay in tune. I took it to a number of guys thinking I did something wrong in the build and was just overlooking it. I use a capo a lot so when someone recommended this...I thought they were crazy. I'm not paying that much for a capo and I doubt that is the problem. Well....I broke down and I'm glad I did. This thing is amazing. It solved the problem because I can set the tension and the design make it sit just right on my strat. Spend the money...it's worth it. Only con is that it takes some practice to change it quickly.
This new type and design of capos, manufactued in England (and warranteed for life) is truly wonderful.  Available in six and twelve string steel-string as well as a new classical version, they are all easy to use, solidly built and - perhaps most importantly, easy to put on and take off with one hand without having to retune!  For a musician, this is the most cricial element - that, and that it is 'kind' to the materials used in the manufacture of a good guitar.  I use mine on a Martin HD28 and have had no problems whatsoever. A great move toward a new generation of capos! Not cheap - but worth every cent.
Once you get the hang of this capo, it's wonderful.  It takes a bit to get used to squeezing it to the correct tension.I have several guitars - but the one that I love using this capo on has a hard &#34;V&#34; neck.  It's pretty accurate on that neck up to the 4th fret.Nice product.  Worth the investment.  Now I just have to figure out how to keep up with it!!!
This capo works on my acoustics as well as electrics and is no-fuss with positive micro-action that allows you to apply just the right pressure by simply squeezing it down after it is in place. Holds the notes securely and with marvelous clarity giving you a pure new guitar tuning at whichever fret you choose. Removal is simple also, just press the release tab and it's ready to remove, no muss no fuss, it really does work that well. Highly recommend.
This capo is expensive, but I have never found one that works so well. It is worth the money in my opinion.
I've tried Kyser capos and they're good. They work. This capo, however, just works simply, smoothly, and it's a great pleasure to operate. Like a Seagull vs a Taylor 8 series, they both work, but one has more beauty in its being. Made in China, designed in Europe, slippery, a bit heavy, but still very, very nice. It's more money than I'd have liked to have paid, but I'm glad I did. Did it improve my life? Not at all. It also didn't improve my guitar playing - but somehow it's just so much nicer to have than any other capo I've used.
This capo is expensive. The first time I (and everybody else) saw one, I said, "Wow. I can get a Kyser or something for fifteen bucks. Get out of here."Five capos later, I realize that I could probably have just shelled out the money, instead of purchasing every other capo on the market, one at a time, over the last fifteen years.The first and last thing that really needs to be said about the G7th is this -- it doesn't put my guitar out of tune. Virtually at all. I can capo all the way up to the seventh or eighth fret and my micro-sensitive tuner shows that I'm still within one glowing light of being perfectly on. That's it. Yes, the G7th is sleek and beautiful, like a tiny sculpture, and glorious to look at, and sometimes I just want to stare at it. Yes, it's easy to put on, just a mere squeeze of the hand away from being perfectly in place. Yes, it appears to be sturdy enough to outlive me and my descendants. But the tuning thing is all that really sets one capo apart from another, at the end of the day, and this one kills it.I own three Shubbs, a Kyser, a Dunlop, and one of those rolling capos. They're all good. I don't hate any of them. But this capo takes away all the uncertainty and irritation of being a fraction out of tune with the rest of the band, or with myself. It makes playing guitar with a capo effortless and a joy.
As musicians, sometimes we find just the right sound or feel with a piece of equipment and it changes everything taking our performance to a new level.  For me it happened when I found just the right sound & feel from my Taylor acoustic guitar, the right vocal mics, the right mixer, my Bose L1 Model II, etc.Today I had one of those finds. After years of being somewhat dissatisfied with every capo I've encountered I discovered the perfect capo for me: the G7th Performance Capo.  I'm not kidding - it was one of those finds.  As an acoustic guitar player / vocalist, obviously, I have to play all of my songs in the right key for an optimum vocal performance.  This means occasionally relying on a capo to get just the right key with just the right chord shape/structure.  Unfortunately, some of my songs had "weak" spots (sending them to my "B" list) courtesy of the combination of a "weaker" chord for me (due to physical limitations) & the reduced sustain & tonal quality resulting from using a capo.  This dissatisfaction has had me on a "capo quest" which ended today when I found the G7th Performance Capo.The first thing I noticed when I used the G7th was the improved sustain over every other capo I've used.  All of those "weak" spots in my songs totally disappeared.  I quickly dusted off several songs that were on my "B" list & found the improved sustain & tonal quality allowed me to move them to my "A" list.I have no problem with the weight of this capo (others have pointed out that it is heavier) I can't detect any change in balance when handling my guitar (I play sitting on a guitar stool with the guitar resting on my leg - perhaps someone standing using a guitar strap might notice a slight difference in the balance.)  I love the "self-ratcheting" feature of the G7th.  I thought from some reviews & videos I watched that I'd have to pinch-down on the open end fairly firmly for a secure hold - this was NOT the case.  I think the G7th has just the right width & density of foam under the top bar:  a) providing more "friction" to hold this capo in place;  b) playing a role in very effectively dampening the strings; & c) possibly being more gentle on the strings than a more narrow/harder foam or rubber top bar, thus having less impact on tuning.I did find one slight negative about this capo which I was able to quickly overcome.  The end of the top metal bar (on the open end of capo) is slightly more "squared-off" than the end of the bottom piece (which in contrast is rounded off).  It may be just the way I play some chords, but my hand was contacting that squared-off end of the top bar & was getting irritated - so I simply turned the capo around with the open end facing me (versus facing the floor) & the surfaces contacting my hand were far smoother - thus, zero  irritation.  This was nothing new to me - I have had to do this with other capos.Others have commented on the cost of this capo.  For me, the cost of this capo was nothing compared to the many thousands of dollars I've spent finding just the right guitars, PA's, mics, & other equipment / accessories.  I almost can't believe it only cost me $40 to make such a difference in my sound. The G7th Performance Capo is priceless !!!Overall, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this capo - if you're like me - this could be a very inexpensive way to take your performance to the next level !!!  I'm a strong believer in having back-ups for critical components so I will immediately purchase another G7th as a back-up (maybe I'll order the black or gold & use my silver one as the back-up).
This is the last Capo you will ever need to buy unless you have the need for both curved and straight capos for various fretboards in which case you'll still want to stay with the G7th capos for both needs. No need to worry about damaging your guitar neck from over tightening or nonpadded contact. No spring clamp to wear out & lose gripping strength which produces a buzz over time.  Low profile design is the easiest for playability as you don't have to learn to play around it like you do on a Keyser. The unique, adjustable tension also allows you to control to sound to your liking, great for advanced tricks like capoing just a few strings. Can't say enough about this easy to use tool with ultra simple, unobtrusive design.  Love it and have one in every case.
Probably the best capo I have ever had. It's easy to put on and holds the strings well. Although you always need to check the tuning after putting any capo on a guitar, this one seems not to upset the tuning too much. I'm impressed.
The G7th Performance Capo is by far the nicest capo I have had in 35 years of playing. The main obstacle in using in using a capo is it throwing your guitar all out of tune every single time. Well, the G7th Performance capo is definitely the Worlds best at keeping your guitar in tune. It is easy to use. And holds all strings down completely and easily. The G7th Performance Capo is something that you will definitely not want to lose.
I'm a beginner and I try to learn to play guitar. I was looking for many different capo's but this one was my choice base on other folks review. Is easy to apply small and sexy ;-)
A friend of mine who is a guitar repair genus (and budding luthier) recommended this capo when I mentioned intonation problems with my guitar...I had always had some issues with it, but it was liveable. The real problem began when I switched to different strings- silk and steels. I  LOVED the tone I was now getting, but the intonation problems were suddenly much worse.What I had not considered, until my friend mentioned it, is that while my new strings provide the tonal warmth I was looking for, they are also easier to "bend out of tune". (Duh, I should have thought about this, it makes perfect sense in retrospect!) The capo I had been using was putting WAY too much pressure on the strings, and  greatly exacerbated the existing issue... one that will ultimately need to be taken in and repaired.So he mentioned this capo, and I immediately chortled. ($50 bucks? That's how much he payed. Yikes!)Then he grabbed his G7 from the car and let me try it. The strings stayed in tune! That's $350 on repair I can pocket for other things, at least for the time being. I was so impressed!I ordered one the next day.I am sure I will miss not being able to stick it on the usual perch when I am playing live, but it is really easy to use in general, and I won't look back. The intonation issues are greatly reduced, and I am thrilled.Worth every penny.
