These do definitely have more output. I really don't know what else to say about them. It's all about personal preference so... But if you like earnie ball non cobalt you will probably like these too. Oh, one thing I can say is that harmonic squeals and harmonics in general are better defined and sustain longer with these.
If you bought Rocksmith 2014, and use an electric guitar, get this.  The cobalt strings are picked up very well by the magnetic pickups, and in turn Rocksmith detects the strings A LOT better. I had problems with the game picking up frats 12 and up.  After getting these the game picks them all up now.
Tried these on Les Paul style with Jimmy pgae wiring harness and through four different amps and about 25 different pedals (metal, overdrive, echo, reverb, fuzz, etc). So keep in mind that they haven't broken in yet as I do this review. But I do feel confident in what I report here.They are not as nice in full warm tone as the pure nickels. On the high gain metal muff, fullbore, guytone metal monster, swollen pickle, and big muff they sound really nice.... a lot of harmonics and output captured. For that 5 stars easy. I don't think they are very versatile though below the metal shredders threshold. Other's may feel differently I am sure. Then again, Ernie Ball even states they are very bight high output. So you are getting what they say.However, for a warm bluesy tone I couldn't get anywhere close to my sound like I can with the pure nickels. For that 1.5 star. Average to 3 I guess... :). Forget about the nickel wound steel all together (those are really lame). Either pure nickel or these depending on your style at the moment. For shredding go cobalt... for warm/woman tone go PURE nickels (that's PURE folks!!). I also really like the d'addario pures.Also, these really did let full chords ring out on a heavy metal channel. Hope this helps.
Great feel to them and nice sounding.  They do seem to stay in tune a bit longer but then they are thicker than what I normally use.  I think I will try these in the super slinky
These strings have a snappier feel and a louder volume (amplified) than regular nickel / steel strings. Cobalt is a different material for making strings and is supposed to have a higher output and a longer life. I recently ordered the new M-Steels from Ernie Ball to try them out as they are supposed to have even more Cobalt for even better output. I use P90 single coils on my Godin LG and these strings sound great. They have a nice feel to them and I can bend the heck out of them. No breaking. No problems with slipping and tuning. I'm hoping the M-Steels will be even better, but if not, these are a vast improvement over the regular strings that I was using, which were Ernie Ball's regular slinky's, made from Nickel.
These strings are really nice.  They have a great tone, decent longevity, and the trademark Ernie Ball feel.  Some reviewers have stated that the strings have a silky feel - even comparing them to coated strings - but I don't find that to be the case.  They feel pretty much like any other guitar string, albeit much gentler than stainless strings.  If money were no option, I'd probably move to these exclusively, but at roughly three times the price of good to great nickel strings, I'm not sure that they are good enough to justify the massive price premium.  Each string did come inside its own protective sleeve, which made restringing easier and is a feature that I absolutely expect from a premium string.
Installed these on my Schecter C-1 Hellraiser. I had very high hopes for these, but as with any new over-hyped technology, they failed to impress me. The only good thing I have to say is the tone is good. But realistically it is no where near a drastic difference to regular strings. You would barely be able to hear the difference in a side by side comparison. So now that I have wasted almost double the price on these it gets worse. They are not silky smooth feeling as advertised. If anything they feel worse than regular strings. Last but not least: they are bad for frets. Just like stainless strings; harder metal against nickel frets is going to wear them out real quick. I don't know about anyone else but I don't want to have my guitar re-fretted every 2 years.For the very miniscule difference in tone they are not worth the extra money or equipment wear and tear.
Not great but not bad as well.  The base strings feel really strange when sliding. The 6th string and the 1st string were cut while I was playing so I had to change them the second day I installed them.  Bending feels easy.
The best EB Slinky's I've ever used. On these I use the light's--9's. Even with the whammy bar they stay in tune really well. I use them on all 4 of My Guitar's. Two Fender American Standard's, Gibson ES-335. Gibson Les Paul/ with Bigsby. I always have a set in each case..... Try'um... Ya won't regret it !!!!!
These lighter strings are still the best thing for guitar tone since they ran a wire to them. My other review was for the heavier gauge Cobalts but these sound just as good, regardless of P90, strat single coil or humbucker. Great tone, sustain and flexibility. I am sold on any Cobalt gauge - head and shoulders better than any other string on the market and I have tried them all.
I love these strings. I get a much higher output , much better response and much better sound. Great strings for just a little more.
I've tried other strings with the Jackson with no luck ( what a stupid guitar to string ) anyway I like the sound they do seem to carry better, if only a little. The texture seems to be a bit rougher but I'm sure they will be fine to play once broken in. Pulse there Rocksmith endorsed LOL.
