I bought this guitar nearly a year ago. It was my first guitar. I never cared much for the sound. It always sounded out of tune, even when it was in tune. I eventually bought an acoustic guitar to learn to play and have been happier with it than this Squier. My skills are slowly improving but I wanted another electric so I sprang for a Epiphone Les Paul. Yes, it's 3x more expensive than the Squier BulletStrat - but it sounds 10x better.If you buy a Squier, I think you need to be prepared to make this a "project" guitar. You'll probably want to replace the tuners, pickups, bridge, etc.Or just buy a better guitar to begin with. At this price point you probably won't find much better but you probably want to spend a little more for a much better guitar.
Had it for about two weeks and I'm about to return it now.Things that I like(d):1. It's a classic Fender and I was looking for something of good quality with great price.2. Sounds clear and crystal good, unplugged.3. This can be subjective but I think this BulletStrat is more comfortable than a Les Paul simply because it's wider and thinner.4. All the previous four ratings here on Amazon and even higher ratings on Musician's friend.Things I don't like much:1. 15th fret of lower E string is dead, and like always I take quality control into my rating account.(I don't want to bother go to a local shop for a fix, never mention that's $20 in addition)2. I couldn't figure out why the tune nob never changed the sound (like not a bit)? (I'm new to electric but my Les Paul does change tunes... in a much much more obvious way)3. Talking about plugged sound, it's no where close to unplugged. Notes are pretty mixed up and not separated/clear, very loud though.4. I don't know if it's universal, I ordered new and get it with dirty plastic cover with scratches. What's worse is, they place this nasty cover in between of the panel and the components upon it which makes it impossible to remove... (I', not even sure if I can call it a protective cover because it's pretty weak and thin.)This is overall an OK guitar, consider its price it can be made at least slightly better. For beginners on budget with less than $200, I would recommend go for the better ones with a little more price. For example, me, I got a SX Deimos ($175) Les Paul which I'm in love with now. Simply everything about it is better, and I finally get the feelings of an electric. I'm glad I don't need to stuck with this anymore.According to Amazon,3 Stars - It's OK4 Stars - I like it5 Stars - I love it3 Stars Checked, it really IS just an OKAY guitar to me.Thanks for reading, and hope people find their beloved guitars!
I am so in love with my &#34;pinkie&#34;! I have been taking lessons using an electric acoustic guitar and I wanted to see the difference. This has a thinner neck so you don't have to stretch so wide, so it's easier on my hands. It's actually fairly light for an electric guitar and I went with it because it's by Fender and it does seem to have that Fender quality for the price. The only thing that I don't like is that it has a slight buzzy sound on the 6th string. I will know better when I take the originals off, but for now it wasn't a major issue.
With the exception of the MC-1 classical, Fender has upped the quality of every low-end guitar it's associated with. The latest &#34;bargain basement&#34; Squier Strat Bullet is no exception. As other reviewers have indicated, a Squier Bullet...straight from the box...is ready to give guitars several times its street value full-on competition. But why stop there? If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I'm a serial hot-rodder. And THIS is my favorite 'victim'. Why? Because it's such a sound platform to begin with (pun intended).The basic stuff on the Bullet is very good...and for many, it's all that's required. But let's quest after some serious, big-league sound. The first things to upgrade are the pickups. The standard ceramic-magnet Squier pickups do yeoman's work, but they're wonderfully eclipsed by top-drawer pickups from Lace and Seymour Duncan. My favorites? A Lace Red Dually bridge with a single Lace Hot Gold parked half-way between the middle and neck positions. The Lace Hot Gold value pack with a Hot Gold Hot bridge pickup. And the Lace 'patriot' Red, Silver, and Blue value pack. You simply have to hear the difference these pickups make to believe it...and all you need to find out is a Phillips screwdriver, a cheap soldering iron, some low-temperature solder, a pair of wire-cutters, option YouTube 'how-to' videos, and some patience.But wait a minute, hold the phone...what about the stock pick guard? Please memorize this: Chandler Guitar's Pickguard Heaven. Better yet, Google it. They're wonderful folks and they do excellently-affordable work. With a custom pick guard, virtually ANYTHING is possible (e.g. how about a Seymour Duncan Dimebucker bridge?)!The next thing to do is to block the tremolo (whammy) mechanism. Proper vibrato comes from the fingers. Period. A small piece of oak from Home Depot, carefully whittled (not for the guitar's sake, but for your finger's) can be easily wedged between the guitar body and the die-cast tremolo string-carrier by removing (and eventually replacing) six Phillips screws on the back of your Strat. Hey, now you're Eric Clapton.If you want bold-as-brass sound, the stock plastic nut can be replaced with a brass Strat nut, a bit of careful filing, and a tiny touch of epoxy or Gorilla glue. Why bother? A more forward lead guitar sound. If you play rhythm, don't bother.Finally, if you're a monster about precise tuning and have basic woodworking skills, the very good stock tuners can be replaced with state-of-the-art six-inline tuners from several manufacturers. Note well: most folks will be more than well served by the stock tuners.So what's then point of all this? For the price of one genuine American Strat (which is a VERY nice ride if you can afford it) you can have three or four, arguably-equally-excellent Squier Bullets with a diverse mix of pickups and resulting sounds.
My first Elec Guitar, I'm 60 years old, and this Guitar is PERFECT..If theirs better ones out there, then I can't wait to get one..I've got this one on a small 15 watt Amp, that's not a name brandAmp, and it sounds very good..So, needless to say I'm verrrrrrry happy, and love the blues and Jazz sounds I'm getting..B T W ...Who said learning the guitar was difficult..Piece of Cake, if u practice..Buy this Guitar, u won't be sorry you did..EnjoyJawbone
The Squier Bullet that I have is actually the model without the tremolo, however, everything else is just about the same as the model you see above. It's a nice guitar for the money. Nice size, action, and finish. It's not a high-end guitar so don't expect it to sound like one, but for a beginner, it's pretty sweet. I bought a more expensive blues guitar and had planned on trading this one in or selling it, however, I like it so much, that I plan on keeping it as a back up. Parts are pretty easy to come by (with slight modifications, but that's to be expected) and fairly cheap too.
Great for a beginner electric.Needed new strings but everything else was smooth.Pick up a set of slinky strings and all is well.
It feels great, looks great, and sounds great. What more can I say? If you're just starting out, this guitar is perfect for you. Once you get better at playing it, you can customize it a bit more to your level of skill. Highly recommended.
This guitar just got stolen from me!!! Frikkin thieves, I loved this guitar from the moment it was in my hands, it is super light, unlike my other gretsch guitar, so easy to take anywhere, it can handle some rough playing, its simply awesome, specially for what it costs! I am SOOOOO getting another one :D
Ok for the price.  Tuners old style not sealed.  PUP plate mal-adjusted and off quite a bit.  I'd suggest adding locking tuners or at least modern day versions.On the positive, action and intonation good.  Better than expected.  Much better than most Chinese guitars at the same price level.  However, I've purchased others that have higher quality hardware for the same or less.  That said, you'll probably do OK.Epiphone setup and overall quality better than the Squier.
Many years ago I had a Fender Stratocaster and I had to get rid of it, so now I have the closest that I will ever get to that guitar again. This one sounds great and looks good, and the price is great as well.
I initially wanted a Yamaha Pacifica 012DLX - Guitar Center in Eugene claimed to have stock in website - but when I reached there - there wasn't any. So I tested an Affinity and a Bullet HSS instead - and thought the Bullet was pretty ok - but they did not have the color I wanted. So I ordered through Amazon - but I bought a microcube from Guitar Center as I'm greatful for the opportunity to test guitars.I waited for 2 weeks before I make this review so that it would be accurate and not based on initial impression.I received the guitar in perfect condition - it came in a brown box shipping with no pictures or nice colors. Just a few words SQUIER by Fender. New strings and scratch free. Made in China it says. However - it did not have sharp frets like I experience with some 100 bucks guitarsThe action came very high and I had intended to return it - but the guitar was perfect and I couldn't find any fault to return. So I proceed to setup the guitar through 3 long and painful steps: 1)Straightened the neck by adjusting the truss rod. 2)Then measured the string action height and set it from 1.5mm for the first 3 strings and 2mm for the last 3 strings. 3)Setup the intonation using a tuner. You really need a tuner for this step.After that, the guitar was splendid. It did go out of tune in 2 or 3 days but stabilized after that. I do not use the trem bar for fear of losing the tuning.After 2 weeks, I'm still loving the guitar. Beginners be warned - you may like the action or may need to do setup like I did. In fact I'm so impressed with Squier that I'm thinking of getting the Squier Standard Strat next - pretty curious of the Alnico pups.Latest review:Downgraded from 5 to 3 stars.I bought a Washburn RX40 with Duncan USM.The bullet is nice but I outgrew it.The tuners are hard to tune as they are not sensitive.The bullet has little sustain unless you want to experiment with it by changing strings, Tusq nut, locking the trem down.. etc.I'd recommend to save some money and buy something above $200. Guitars at that price may be twice the cost,.. but is more than twice better.The 2 important things are not in Bullet: the sustain and the sound.Latest review:The product is back at 5 stars!I got the sustain to improve by increasing the action.Fret buzz causes the the sustain to be cut short.There some sounds that a Strat can do that humbuckers type guitar fall short...like attack finger plucking.
