Got to admit I was a little intimidated by the installation process when I was shopping for this pickup.  But when I got the box I was pleasantly suprised to find excellent instructions (not too long, not too short) along with plenty of supplies to complete the instillation properly.  The jig method is super easy and provided great results.  I was really excited to try out the pickup so I plugged it into my Roland AC-33 and let her rip, it was awsome, very full and very representative of my guitars sound.  K&K you have a convert in me.  I am now thinking about trying this on my Martin!
So based on the reviews from Amazon, and a friend who swears by these pickups, I decided to put one into my 310 Taylor.I am extremely pleased!  This was my brother's guitar, and he had a Mcyntire soundboard transducer installed by his local guitar shop.  It sounded terrible.  I tried messing with placement to get it to sound better, but it just didn't sound good, had tons of feedback, and just didn't have a good feel.I installed this pickup myself.  I have installed a few pickups in a few different guitars, and this one was pretty painless.I didn't have to drill out the endpin hole, so it only took me about 20 minutes to install this bad boy.When I tested it out I was blown away.  It sounded beautiful!  Just like my Taylor, only louder!The true test was an actual live performance.  I brought my Baggs Para Acoustic D.I. and I was glad I did.I was able to adjust the EQ just a tad, cut some of the mid-range a bit, and it sounded even better!I could not believe it.  It literally gave me chills.If you're on the fence about this pickup, go for it!  The reviews don't lie, this sounds fantastic, especially if you can EQ it a bit.I did plug in without the PADI, just to test it and it still sounded good.  If I forgot my PADI I would have no qualms about playing this straight into a system.  It might be labeled as passive, but it's got the volume of an active system for sure!It's a great buy in my opinion.
I have K&K pickups in other guitars.  This is the first one I've bought that had the smaller transducers.  It needs a preamp unlike the now discontinued Pure Western with the larger transducers.  Like other K&K pickups it sounds darned good.  With a decent PA head and good speakers you can get a very natural sound with hardly any tweaking.  The pickup is easy to install if you can ream out the end pin hole to accommodate the strap jack.  This one comes with an ingenious DIY installation jig made from, I'm not kidding, cardboard, golf tees, and double sided tape.  It makes placement a snap.  The best pickup is still an external mic, but for noisy situations where feedback is a problem these pickups are the answer.  You can induce feedback but you can go to an adequate level for most situations.  They sound much more natural than a magnetic or under saddle pickup.
I put this in a $200 guitar.  I have a Recording King (RD-06) that sounds so good, that I wanted to use it for live gigs.  So I popped in this K&K.  I ran it through my SWR California Blonde II acoustic amp.  If you have been wanting an acoustic guitar to have that &#34;miked&#34; when you plug it in, this is as close as it gets!  I recommend getting a sound-hole cover if you play with a band, but you will not be disappointed.  The installation can be a little tricky, but with a little patience and reading, anybody can install it.  If you don't feel comfortable, just go pay a local luthier to install it for $30, or ask your grandmother for help :P
This pick-up sounds good and does actually sound like the guitar acoustically.  It does pick up percussive noise which you don't get with under saddle pickups.  It is prone to feedback in very loud situations if you don't use a sound hole cover.  Over all I'm please because I was able to install myself and it was simple.  You do need to use an external pre-amp, but even with piezo pick-ups that is usually the norm.  The directions that comes with the pickup are very thorough and the company is helpful if you have questions.  The only change I had to make to my guitar was making the end pin jack bigger and that was easy too.
Installed one on my CF Martin, almost leaving a thumb super-glued to the inside of the guitar. An interesting experience - would have been almost comical to arrive in the emergency room with my thumb stuck to the inside of the guitar. I'm sure that some of my DNA still resides in the guitar.Bought another for my brand new Taylor GS Mini Mahogany after hearing what a great acoustic sound was coming from the CF Martin through a brand new Kustom Sienna Pro30 acoustic guitar amp from Amazon. I've read that folks prefer the K&K; over the made-for-the-GS-Mini-Taylor-pickup.Get it.
Disapointed. The sensors are not providing a clear full bright sound. It sound muffled. I will have to replace it soon.
I have these in three guitars after trying out some undersaddle and sound hole pickups. Some peope miss the &#34;quack&#34; ,electric guitar type sound from these other types. I do not. I also like that the bridge and saddle do not have to be modified ,nor is any battery required. I run it through a Baggs Para-acoustic preamp or my Fishman Aura.It really has to be installed by a professional repairman to be sure the sensors are located correctly.Product was delivered safely and promptly.
I use a late 70's yamaha steel string with this going into an LR Baggs Para DI and it works amazingly well. The sound is impeccable. But you can't expect to just plug it in and go. You'll need a feedback buster and a good preamp. But it really does the job, good tone.
