For the money (CHEAP!), this is worth getting. The loop feature is quite good, the delay/echo entirely satisfactory. Not as good as, say, a BOSS unit, but they cost 5x as much. Great for everything from slapback to long delay, with heap-big repeats available. The plastic housing might not stand-up to the road. Having the 9v adapter input on the side behind the in jack, rather than the back, seems wise. I've read some negative press about Behringer pedals, but personally cannot complain.
Basic delay. I found the adjustment knobs made very little effect on the pedal. The other thing is it changes your guitar tone pretty drastically. Made my tone thin and tinny.
Pretty much a straight up clone of the Boss pedal- and a decent one at that. Not the bulletproof construction of the boss to be sure, but all the functions are the same. This is not true bypass but neither is the Boss. I have not experienced the tone-suck or buzzing that others have complained about. Mine worked flawlessly out of the box and does a great job thickening up my leads in a Gilmour or EJ way. Is this the best digital delay on the market? Surely not, but it's the best cheap one. The pedal features up to 2 seconds of delay and a tap tempo function, however the instructions do not tell you how to engage the tap function(hold the pedal down). Believe me, you figure it out at this price point. If you want to spend double the price ($70- still cheap for a delay~), I would suggest the Ibanez DE7. Incidentally- this pedal- like any other digital delay or digital reverb- will EAT batteries. It's what they do, and is not a flaw related to this specific pedal. Invest in a daisy chain (SPOT or the like...) If you have a pedal train with multiple stomp boxes and you are running them via 9 volt it's a no-brainer.
for the price and options u can not beat this pedal, i just sound great with acoustic or electric guitar. thank u guys your pedals really kick butt!
I bought this for occasional use with a guitar, mostly it collected dust. But...Sometimes I play guitar in a band where I mix from the stage, and the vocalist likes a little slappy echo on his voice, but between songs he likes the delay off... so I figured an experiment was in order.I ran 2 20' cables, one from the aux out on my board to the delay input, the other from the delay output to an open channel on my board. I turned the level to "max", and dialed the really wet signal into the monitors and FOH. I let him kick that pedal on and off all night... now I can concentrate on playing and not on whether I forgot to mute/unmute his stupid delay. Win! And it sounds pretty darned good, I shaved a little treble off the channel so it didn't get too "in the way", almost like an analog quality. Good stuff.
i don't know much about delay and I've never really used it. This is a fun pedal, for a simple cool delay. Kinda makes you aware of what you are playing. Fun with blues/chorus sound! Yep!
well Behringer!!!,, have to say that the electronics are german mind,, with all that says ,, go figure it out for yourself,, other then that !!.. plastic so i give 4 stars, cuz of the soft plastic case, and the trouble of changing batteries,, but u can use the charger and u will be well off.. sound is really awesome for the money , and it is high standard delay time and sound,, i don't think u can get the german quality anywhere else for 30 bucks,, i say buy it it is a great delay pedal,, and not only the delay most all Behringer effects are sounding great for the money,, can not go wrong..
This Behringer DD400 delay unit has a lot of great features. I particularly like the stereo outputs which allow the user to send the delayed signal to a separate amplifier for a dramatic stereo effect. The extra-long 1300 millisecond delay is great for Pink Floyd/David Gilmour style solos. The shorter delay settings allow for rockabilly slap back effects, although I hardly ever play in that style, so it doesn't matter that much to me.Here's where it gets weird: I tested the unit using a vintage Fender tube amp for the primary signal and a Vox Valvestate amp for the delayed signal. As long as I played loudly, everything worked quite well. However, when I set the guitar down for a moment, I started hearing voices. Yes, voices! The delay unit was picking up radio frequency interference a la Jimi Hendrix at Berkeley. I have no idea HOW it was doing this, but I could clearly hear some sort of radio transmission like CB or family band radio. The interference went away after a few minutes.As for design, I don't buy the "German innovation" advertising line from Behringer. This is obviously a cheap Chinese copy of the legendary Boss DD-7 which costs four times as much. If you want really good quality, buy the Boss unit! If you can get buy on a fairly cheap delay unit that talks to you from time to time, the Behringer is ok.
as usual another good piece of equiptmentfrom behringer I not only use it for my guitars but also on my keyboardmakes real good sound  very adaptable again will buy more of their products as usual most of my purchases on amazon were quality stuff at good prices very efficient and fast delivery times
WOW!!!!! this thing is fun to play with!!!this is my first delay pedal, so i cant compare it with others, but im so happy that i bought it! ive had it for about a month and played it for hours every day.  you can tweak the echo in 100's of different ways.the case seems to be sturdy and looks like it will last quite a while as long as i dont get over zelous and stomp on it too hard. im very happy with this product and im becoming a real fan of behringer products.
If you want U2 kind of sounds then this is a good entry into this type of sound. Thing i dont like is a poping sound when you tunr the time knob. For the price and home use its a good pedal for someone on a budget.
i originally wanted the Boss DD, but after doing a side by side demo, i decided that i'm not Buckethead and don't need a 150 dollar pedal just to do some intro stuff now and then. I have the Berhinger Reverb Machine and HellBabe and they do equal if not.....no they do equal to my Boss counterparts. Especially if you are looking for a unique sound that isn't stock Boss. i wouldn't take these on the road or anything without 3 or 4 backups, but for recording and doing demos Behinger is the way to go, timed effects wise anyway. they are made of plastic after all.
This Behringer unit has all the necessary features to give you solid performance in a stompbox delay pedal.  I say, why pay more?
