im not a profesional player but i like to play once in a while just for fun and this sound great.
My review(s) for this have changed a few times, but no more. When I first got it I liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first I thought it was great. Then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away.After all of that I finally realized I was trying to ignore the fizz/crackle/hair, it's called a few things. Go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google.The thing happening with this amp I think is a few things. Fender guitars sound best through it, which is silly if you don't own a fender, and I don't and refuse to get a squire as that body is so played out, I wanted ANYTHING but a strat body, unless I have a grand to pay for an older one, I'm not going to get a rinky dink one, and I would only get one after I got like 5 other dream guitars first.so everyone has different problems with pickup quality and guitar quality. Also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people I've read the complaints I was trying not to realize, as I didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, BUT I DID!And I am so glad I did. I almost got a peavey vypyr, and I am glad I didn't. This amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which I read on fender's own forum/website, FENDER ACKNOWLEDGES IT EXISTS, BUT DOES NOTHING TO FIX IT IN FUTURE MODELS!! sorry, but that's some big company b.s.I've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and I was like "what music snobs" and what have you. But I realized that I'm a music snob! I love the music I listen to more than anything, and feel like the music I create should have a life to it as well. So I returned the mustang 2 and ALMOST got a marshall mg 30 watt, cause I wanted an amp with a clean sound that didn't have that crackle sound, but THANKFULLY I caught myself before that return, as after that, it would have been final.The decision I did make I think will be great for me, as I'd rather start with a good real tone, then get the effects I need. I kept reading reviews of these teenagers that hadn't played for more than a year or two or so saying "throw away your pedals, you won't need them" and "I was going to get pedals, but don't need to now", that's kind of the danger of these amps, they end up making everyone sound the same! No matter what tweaking I was doing on the mustang, it sounded the same but in a different costume.I think this amp and modeling amps are best for beginning guitarists and I've seen some old timers getting an amp for home use after years, maybe that's for them, but I needed something to record with and practice and get the best, most real tone possible, so that means tube amp.I think if I played this at a GC I wouldn't of gotten it, and I just tried to make myself like it.
As far as amps that model vintage tones.  This is the best.For my ear, Line 6, Vox, Crate, Digitech etc are nowhere near the Fender Mustang if you are comparing Vintage tones.I have played amps and effects from many companies, as well as many of the 'hybrid amps' that combine tube and digital tones, and if you are looking for the best recreation of Vintage Blues, Rock, Hard Rock, Country tones... the type of tones that you get from some of the famed Fender amps, the Mustang Series is as good as you are going to do.I originally bought the Mustang I for my 9 year old son to be his first practice amp and when we hooked it up for him, I could hardly let him play.The tone editing is easy through the controls on the amp.  It is easy and straight forward to see what you need to do to tweak your sound just by turning knobs.  When you add the Fender FUSE to the mix and start to download new tones from the web and tweak it with dozens of stomp boxes and effects that are free to play with and try and keep on your amp this is an amazing value. (not to even mention the Ableton recording software that comes for free with the amp.)The reason I love this amp is because of the faithful recreation of the great Fender amps like the Bassman, Deluxe Reverb, and Twin Reverb.  I have never heard a digital sound replicate tube amps even close to this well.I have heard several people say that they would never buy this amp because it is not a tube amp or because they are not computer savvy.For the Tube amp snobs...Nothing is going to match the sound of a really great Fender Tube amp.  But if you want to recreate great fender amps at low volumes the Mustang will be a great practice amp for you. OR... if you want to bring an amp to practice that weighs a fraction of what your Fender Tube amps weighs, the mustang is a great choice.  I am selling my only tube amp now that I have the Mustang II because I don't gig and really need an amp that I can practice with at night while the kids are in bed.For the Non-Computer folk...There is plenty to keep you occupied on this amp without ever plugging it into a computer.  And if you want to give it a try, it couldn't be easier to download new sounds and tweak your favorite tones.For the Metalheads...This amp probably is not for you.  Go try and buy a higher gain Line 6 or the Vox ADT series of hybrid amps to get some really heavy tones.  There are some decent metal tones to download on the FUSE, but the real strength of this amp is Vintage tones.Let me make it clear!  I played my son's Squier Mini guitar through this amp and it sounds really amazing.  I have a Fender Strat, Squier Tele and a Les Paul and they all sound amazing in this amp.This is the first piece of guitar equipment that has given me absolutely NO buyers remorse.  Unbeatable value.  A great toy.  A perfect practice tool.  You can't beat it.
Well, just got it, plugged in and here are some initial impressions.1. Pretty much what I expected - much more "relaxed" at higher volumes than the M1.2. Definitely much bigger and fuller sounding with its commensurate drawbacks.- slightly less naturally sparkly compared to the M1- will have to reduce the mids a bit via the Fuse editor.- although it has less overall sparkle, that also translates to smoother highs. I was actually a bit hard pressed to get it to sound buzzy. This is of course via the front panel only. I'm sure it can be done using the Fuse editor.3. It's supposed to be 7 lbs. heavier than the M1 but it sure doesn't feel like it. I keep looking at the M1 fiendishly wondering if there's a way to shoehorn a 12" speaker in there.4. For the most part, the patches created in the M1 translated pretty well after the required firmware update, needing just a few adjustments here and there.5. I'm appreciative of the fuller more naturally extended low end as I won't have to crank the bass control as much as I have to on the M1. That of course translates to more headroom for the power amp.More from editing via Fuse - here are a few of the things that I found and liked.- The 65 Deluxe model sounds better with the 57 Deluxe's Cab and vice versa. The 65 has more headroom and works great as a clean spanky amp with the 57's cab while the 57 model's propensity to break up sooner works better with the 65's less sparkly cab. The 57 also seems to have more low end girth.- The Twin is a bit too icepick-y sometimes and it seems to pair better with the Bassman's cab.- The SuperSonic's Cab is a bit more muted at the top end than any of the other cabs and works well for sounds I use that have a bit more gain. It's good for keeping things from getting too buzzy. It's a very fat sounding Cab sim.- Both the M1 and 2 seem to respond really well with my Tex-Mex pickups. I have not played a guitar with regular sized humbuckers on these amps yet (my other guitar has mini humbuckers) but somehow I get the feeling that I won't like it as much as I do with the strat. I think this is understandable though. Since Fender has always been all about the single coils, I'm not surprised that the impedance relationship between these amps and my strat feels so spot on.So far, for 200 bucks... I couldn't ask for more.
I passed on all the Fender G-Dec units for years,(still glad I did), instead buying the Line 6 Spyder Jam and then a Line 6 Spyder IV. They are both great amps for sure, but for the money, Fender has really got this one right.  The clean tones on this are just great. The ability to modify with FUSE is an additional layer of gravy.  The amp is just about perfect for bedroom, studio or practice. I bet more than a few of these quietly show up in Nashville studios...I still love my Line 6 units, especially my Spyder Jam cause I can play along with tracks, and I love the accuracy of the models in the Line 6 Spyder IV.  But if you are in the market for a great practice amp, or an amp that will take you from super clean to vintage dirty for special effects on a demo, Fender hits the mark on this one. It's just ridiculous what is in this for $199.I compared this to a VOX Valve modeling amp, not even a contest. Against a Spyder IV, individual tastes will vary.Only complaint is the "stacking" of the six effects onto just two knobs. But that is a minor complaint. Most people don't use chorus and flange at the same time anyway.If you are in the market for a cheap, reliable modeling amp that is less cost than a Digitec RP500 pedal, you owe yourself to look at this thing. Right now, it is the biggest bang for the buck. I only wish I had bought the Mustang III, but it was not available yet when I purchased.
