a very recent purchase....I have not used it yet so I can't say much...however I have loaded the software on my laptop...the software has soooo many capabilities its about mind boggling.....very good deal for newbies like me!!!
Shipping was fast! Got to me in two days! And it's a great midi controller! I use it for fl studio to make beats, I just plugged it in and I set a timer to get good timing ratios for it and it installed in 8.6 seconds flat and when I went in fl studio and selected it and tried it out with some sound kits but it was slow recognizing like I'd press the keys and it wouldn't recognize right away, then I remembered the asio drivers weren't activated, then I activated them and every key I'd press it would recognize immediately! Great buy! I hope if y'all get one! It's great and making beats is so much easier now then pressing the keys on the regular computer keyboard!
I have a fully-weighted 88-key Alesis QS 8.1 and an M-Audio Axiom 61 semi-weighted and they're both fine when I'm just playing standalone or recording audio or MIDI. But I wanted something with a lighter touch for entering notation and experimenting with soft synth sounds, when my focus is more on writing and software than on playing, per se. The Alesis is perfect: I can grab keys effortlessly without feeling distracted by playing the keyboard 'correctly' - if that makes sense (it makes a clear difference to me).I opted for the 25 key strictly for space considerations and, while the down/up octave shift keys are easy and intuitive to use, I often wish I'd gone for a larger model to get wider voicings. I may trade it in for an upgrade at some point, but overall I'm very happy with the keyboard.
First, keys are not my best instrument to play, just a beginner, I'm a professional guitarist. That said, I purchased this for my home recording studio. The controller that I had was a ION but had mini keys. I love the fact that this controller has full size keys. Works great with my Mac Book Pro and Logic Pro X. I know it's not the best controller but it's good if your on a limited budget.
Could be a fluke, but my unit was defective straight out of the box.  Plugged it into the Macbook Pro, fired up GarageBand and right away it's MIDI connectivity was intermittent. Then it had some stuck notes.  Then it stopped being recognized at all.  It still got power from the USB bus, but no MIDI, no sound.  The jack was visibly wiggly, too.So, you're mileage may vary, but mine obviously had a defective USB port on the back.  Rather than bust it open and get soldering iron, I returned it and bought an M-Audio Oxygen 25 for $20 more.
