These stands are just what I wanted for my studio. I like them so much, that I own five. I like the easy access to my guitars for recording sessions, and I like being able to look at them too. The multiple guitar stands are probably safer for the stage and more economical with space, but these stands are perfect for me as I don't gig much anymore. I'm very happy with the solid build. Good, solid guitar stand.
Works perfectly for both my Martin dreadnought and my Fender Stratocaster.  Solid unit, good material and construction, though it is made in China apparently--but hey thats why its such a bargain!
Sturdy guitar stand that works equally well for electric or acoustic guitars.  The stands are well padded where they will touch the guitar, and while the back support wouldn't scratch a guitar anyway, it's nice that it lines up perfectly with a strat scratch plate.  These stands are a lot sturdier than you would think by the picture - mainly because the guitar sits very low.  This low center of gravity makes it less likely tip when knocked.  The guitar is at a little more of an angle than I am used to with other stands, but overall this is excellent - I've replaced all my stands with these.
I don't know who designed the leg feature of this thing, but they need to go back to engineering school. When you unlock the legs to put them into their useable position, they're quite difficult to pop open, and once opened into place, you can see distinct spots where the paint has worn off, because the fit is too tight inside the upper body of the stand.It'd truly be nice to come across a good stand like this that used button locks to hold the legs in place, and that had more of an upright angle for the guitar. I just don't like the features of this stand at all.
I read the reviews of the few similar options. I went with this one because reviews of the competition talked about how far back the guitars lean. Not much of that complaint here. But this definitely has that problem.My guitar is quite stable leaning back less than a third of what this stand causes. So this can't go in several out-of-the-way places I had hoped would work. Also, I was hoping to use two of these close together for a compact 2-guitar rack. However, the angle makes that very awkward.I hope to modify it to work, but I'm not super hopeful at this point. Will probably have to manufacture something to replace it..
These stands are truly amazing.  They function perfectly for both acoustic and electric guitars and take up very little real estate in a room.  They are incredibly stable and have a nice thick cushion at the top so the guitar won't get scratched.
Well built and solid stand.  It keeps the guitar well protected and looks nice too.  Some stands hold the guitar with only a hallowed little tube on the bottom, which breaks easily from the weight of the guitar.  This stand holds the guitar with two solid metal bars, which should last a long time.  It can hold both acoustic and electric guitars.  Highly recommend it.
This is a pretty good stand and is relatively robust for its compact size.  Opens easily and folds up to a fairly small footprint for storage/transport, and it cradles the guitar nicely.Two minor issues:1) Personal gripe - the git leans back a bit more than I would like.  Makes it more difficult to hug a wall and ends up taking more 3D space than it really needs.2) Product gripe - the two footer bars are not quite level with each other, so it rocks just a little bit.  However, with a solid body electric on it, even a little rocking can be a really bad thing.I like OnStage and own several of their products.  They are well constructed and a good value so I have no doubt I was just unlucky with this one.  I've been applying a little persuasion to even it out and it's getting better, but with the relatively robust construction it just doesn't want to give much.  Kinda sucks that it's not level out of the box, so 4 stars.
Very sturdy stand suitable for stage use. This stand even accommodates a double neck. Its not very compact when folded but I'm still giving it 5 stars.
