If you are looking for a compact size pickup this is it.  I've tried it on my fiddle and a mountain dulcimer.  It is great for a quick way to get electrified.  Lead wire is not very substantial, but if it breaks in the future hopefully I can just buy another one.  To get the best sound you should probably run this unit thru a preamp.
This is a great little addition to both my violin, and my mandolin.  While some reviews on here have mentioned using it on a ukulele . . . no.  It doesn't work that way, unless the sound hole is not directly over the strings.  If it is, the pickup will mute the A string, and it's annoying.Anyway I digress.  The pickup adds a bright, clear sound to your instrument, without feedback or hassle.
For being so cheap, this pickup works surprisingly great. Was just looking for something quick and easy to mic a violin at a decent quality, and this did the job perfectly!
I wanted a pickup for my relatively inexpensive violin. It sounds pretty good for the price I paid for it. I was actually in the market for an electric violin and while shopping Amazon ran across this inexpensive pickup for an acoustic. I purchased it at the same time I bought the electric violin. Naturally when the electric arrived, I laid the acoustic pick up off to the side and went to work on the electric. A few days later I thought I would give the pickup a try. It slides right in and out of an F hole with no problem. I plugged it into my Fender amp with a little reverb and WOW is how I can describe what came out. It sounded like I was in a Great Concert Hall. Of course there is no adjustments on the pickup so everything is done with the settings on the amp. Whatever your amp is capable of, your violin can do it. Now I haven't tried to blow it up or anything but the sound is tremendous. Cant say enough except the price was so low I couldn't have gone wrong too bad.
Pros:-Price point--can't really go wrong-Clean signal (no self-noise)-Works for a tunerCons:-For recording or amplification purposes, this thing picks up a LOT of attack noise--fingers dropping on the strings, bow clicks, etc.-Additionally, the clamp does not always solidly grasp the instrument, and shakes around a bit. God help you if you touch the pickup while playing amplified.
For an $8 item, you can't go wrong. I used it on a violin to test out some amps at a Guitar Center. It seems very sensitive and transmits a clear tone.
I originally rated this pickup 5 stars. However after using it for some time on dulcimers, a mandolin and acoustic guitars, some problems have turned up.Basically the Cherub is just too sensitive. It works well at lower volumes, but as soon as you crank it up, feedback city that you can not stop easily. I put a rubber inner tube from a bike to reduce the sensitivity, but still feed back and funny sound.If you are looking for a pickup to use at a dance or some other loud venue, the Cherub will likely squeal as you crank it up.It sort of makes the whole acoustic chamber of your instrument one big pickup. You can talk into your instrument!
I quite like the sound of this thing, running through a Crate acoustic guitar amplifier. It sounds really natural, and it's easy to dial in a nice sound. It's hard to hear it while you're playing; you're better off dialing in a sound while someone else plays for you, or trusting someone else to set the amp. Like most of these kinds of pickups, it's quite susceptible to feedback, so you can't get out in front of the amplifier and listen. Not a slam on the product-that's just the nature of the beast. I'm an honest to goodness terrible violinist, but I got this to help me teach a large group of elementary school children. It's a beginner class, and hearing the right sound is really helpful. It works great. I don't turn it up very loud-just a little bit of extra push so they can hear me in the back of the room. I hate the &#34;short&#34; cord, and I wish I could use a regular instrument cable, but I can understand that they don't want a lot of weight pulling on your violin. But the cord length means you have to sit pretty tightly on top of your amplifier-unless you use some kind of little pre amp. In fairness, the cord is a reasonable length, but I'm quite tall, so it's 5' of cable just to get straight up to my shoulder.
Unbelievable clear sounding on a Mandolin.  Can't yet get the sound out of a violin that I want with it but still experimenting.  Will have to find a way to keep the cord secure while it's connected as the slightest movement or adjustment makes a lot of noise.All in all 7$ very well spent.  Thank goodness pickup prices are coming down.  Only a few years ago you could not find a pickup-mic even this good for &#60;100$.  Now if only the price of pickup-chics would come down. :(
