I use this tuner to tune up my violin.  Other tuners I've tried using the vibration setting had difficulty feeling the &#34;E&#34; string vibrations thus making it hard to tune.  This tuner does an excellent job feeling and showing all 4 strings.
This little beast works great for guitars or basses in loud or soft environments.  Just clip it to your headstock and tune up in under 30 seconds.  I've even used it on the bell of my trumpet to tune up to pitch.Pros:- Dead-on accurate.  You can easily set your intonation with this little monster.- Works great in extremely loud environments.- Clips on tightly.  If you don't jump around like an orangutan on stage, you could probably have the Snark ride your headstock through the whole show.- You don't have to plug into it.- Extremely responsive.- Enough display detail for you to know when you're getting close to in tune -- not just 3 indicators like some tuners (flat, dead-on, sharp).- Very inexpensive.Cons:- A little twitchy on the open low B string on bass. I use the 12th fret harmonics (first partial) to tune, however, since it's a purer tone that seems to resonate in the headstock more, so this has never really been a problem for me.Inexpensive enough to keep one in every gig bag or case -- for every instrument you own.
Works great, seems durable, shipped fast.  Can't think of a single negative thing about this product.  If you need a tuner, this ones a good one.
I bought this to replace the inexpensive Musedo T-50 tuner that came bundled with my Kala KA-S ukulele. The Snark SN-2 is much more accurate, but its LCD display is not very bright, and has a narrow field of view. (Yes, I did try a fresh battery, but it made no difference.) I wish it were brighter and easier to see. Still, it's a very good tuner overall.
The tuner operation works pretty well and is consistent on these snarks. It may be my imagination, but I think the recent ones work a little differently than previous generations. They seem to register differently than older ones and sometimes give you a tuning that is just a wee bit sharp.I have used them to tune many different kinds of string instruments, from autoharps to mandolins to guitars. It works with all of them.Tuning by vibration is very useful in a loud room, but it is not always perfect. If another band is playing loudly, the sound vibrations from the speakers will affect your ability to tune. So you have to wait until the band is between songs to get an accurate reading.To my taste, the display on these SN-2's is the best of all the Snarks. I like the extra bars and the smoothness of the way the display zeroes in to the perfect pitch. It looks nice and responds well to your tuning peg changes.Finally, do not drop these. The head is purposely flexible and can rotate very easily. It has a ball joint construction. That is good, and seems to hold up to use. The plastic socket, however, on the back of the tuning head does not respond well to hitting the floor, even a carpeted floor. I do not treat my tuners rough, but it is easy to drop them. When you do, 6 out of 10 times, the plastic socket will break. I have 3 tuners whose heads are separate from the base. They still tune, but I have to hold them against the guitar. They do not clip on any more, so it is inconvenient.
I thought this tuner was going to be an oversized cheap piece of junk. Because well these days you usually get even a little less than what you pay for. But this tuner destroyed those expectations. Its a small, "smart" tuner. So many functions and just a great design. Its really cool that I dont have to go hunt down a tuner that could be lost in my room somewhere. This attached to basically any guitar, or almost any object for that matter. The only thing negative I have to say is, im not so sure you can plug a cable into it. Which you would expect with ALL the other stuff it comes with. Otherwise, its pretty great.
This is just the tuner I was looking for! It works on vibration or mic, so it's very versatile. It works on my acoustic, bass, electric, and my mother's voice. Haven't tried the trumpet yet... Intuitive and the back-lit screen is so easy to see!
This tuner is very accurate.  It is well made and stays on without falling off.  I tested it with other tuners and it's right on. Easy to see when positioned correctly.
It is bright, easy to attach to my guitar but there are some problems with it being so "fragile" at the base.  The battery was a bit tricky to insert since it is so close to the base. I like the swivel but it is delicate since it is plastic. Be careful not to twist it around quickly or it might snap off. It is very sensitive and has been more accurate than a Planet Waves tuner I currently own. Would I buy it again? I don't know. Going to see if it durable and if it continues to be accurate. Looks ok on your guitar and it is not in the way.
This is a very inexpensive and very accurate tuner.  The Vibration Mode is really good. I am a new guitar player, and this item has helped me greatly in quickly tuning my guitar.
I bought this tuner mainly for my acoustic guitar; I have a Sabine tuner with a mini-mike but unplugging the tuner from my amp, having the room completely quiet and the tuner in a good position is a couple of extra steps I'd rather not go through.  This tuner is compact and works well; I clip it onto whatever guitar I pick up for a quick tune (acoustic OR electric), push the power button, and off I go.  I haven't fooled with the other features (Metronome? Detuning?), so I can't comment about them.  An added comment: I broke off one of the flimsy little tabs that holds onto the ball joint from it being overextended.  My fault, but it shouldn't have broken so easily.  I'm sure they could make the plastic tabs just a wee bit stronger/thicker, or make it so it pops out of the joint when overextended instead of breaking completely.
This has got to be the best little tuner I've ever owned, and the cheapest too.  I have a $100 tuner that works nicely, but this one will handle any instrument you clip it to.  The SN-2 has the vibration pickup abitity that the SN-1 doesn't.  So I use it on all my instruments except my sitar as there's no place to clip it.  I highly recommend it.
This is a great and inexpensive tuner that is easy to use. It's easy to setup out of the box and can tune via vibration or microphone. It's easy to figure out if the strings are in pitch or not. The only downside is that it feels a bit flimsy sometimes.
I've owned four of these over the past two years and after 6 months of light use (4-5 times per week) the first two malfunctioned. What I mean is the screen became so faint you could hardly see it and putting in a new battery didn't help.  My current one I bought in July and so far everything is holding up. Knock on wood!  They are cheap .....so I guess you could look at them as a disposable tuner but you'd better have a back up cuz they break when you least expect it.
I bought this tuner primarily for my wife who plays harp (I play guitar).  She has been using my guitar tuner which works okay but cumbersome.  I was hoping this tuner would clip on the top of the harp to make it easier for her.Unfortunately, it doesn't fit on top of our harp.  The tuner is rather small which is nice for transporting but the clip will not open wide enough for the top of the harp.  It does, however, clip into the sound hole okay.It tunes the harp fairly well.  I only had problems with the top 3-4 strings which I had to pluck a bit harder for the tuner to pick up.I also tried it on my acoustic guitar and it did the job perfectly.  (Clipped it to the top of the headstock)Tracking is very, very good for a tuner at this price.  I was able to play the strings, tune them, and watch the meter follow the note.  Display is very easy to read and lights up nicely.  I was tuning in a dim-lit room and was able to read it perfectly.  I'm sure it would be great on a dark stage.The only other drawback is that the display needs to be positioned within a certain range.  Otherwise it gets a big hard to read.  But positioning it is very simple since it swivels easily.4 out 5 only because of size (not fitting on harp as I hoped) and display legibility depending on angle (I had to reposition it maybe 2 times in order to tune the whole harp).
Easy to see, Easy to use, Easy to get used to.  The display is bright and very intuitive to the way we visualize sound, that is what makes it so useful.  You can't beat the price for such a great little tuner.  Amazon as usual makes ordering, paying and receiving a simple a and pleasant experience.  I will be buying one for every guitar case I own.
I bought this for my mandolin and was pleasantly surprised how awesome it a find this was. Easy to use and handy for ANY string instruments.Only thing i regret is not getting one sooner.
There are plenty of reviews here that explain this unit and it works well. Before this I had been using tuner pro android app that also works well but I don't have it all the time.There is one big negative, it is absolutely useless outside in the sun or even shade. Can't even tell if it is on or off. Outside of that I am glad I picked the "red" version instead of the others.
The tuner works well in both mic and vibration mode. The screen could be a little brighter. Otherwise, no complaints.
I'm so glad I was introduced to this via my guitar coach years ago. It's cheap, yet works better than most tuners that require a plug in that end up costing around slightly more. It's been awhile since I've had it, and still have no complaints or issues with it. I wholeheartedly recommend this!
this tuner is great best buy works so well I highly recommend this Tuner can't buy a better tuner for less money
I've been using the snark for a year or so now, and I always have the suspicion that it's just telling me what I want to hear - that my guitar is in tune, when in fact, it's not.  The other day I had to go from standard tuning to DADGAD, and had about 1 minute to do so (plenty of time) but after the tuner said it was in tune, it was time to start playing and it was, well... noticeably out of tune.  After checking each string multiple times!  Very frustrating.  I guess you just have to go with a pedal if you want accuracy.  If you want something that usually puts you in the ballpark but may betray you when it really counts, then go with the Snark.  It's better than other clip-ons I've used, but still not cutting it in my opinion.  I play a Taylor 414ce.  A plus side is that you can buy a five-pack of batteries on amazon for 2 bucks - shipping and all.  You will need them sooner than you think :)
The traditional black box tuners are boring and slow.  This thing is super responsive to string selection just hopping on the new tone immediately, exact, easy to use, fun to look at.  There is a linkage arm that is not shown in the photo that makes it even better.
I'll just say, newbie to ukulele, no idea how to tune it, instructions online say GCEA, I put this on the head, plucked each string, tuned the machine head until it said dead on, and that was it.  I keep this clipped to my ukulele standInstrument Stand for Violin, Ukulele and Other Small Instruments(see my reviews of it, it's so so, the stand), and just turn it on and tune the uke before I take it off the stand.  ONly time will tell how these little nickel watch battery style battery lasts, I find them a bear to buy, but time will tell.  Anyhow, I concur with the reviews on here, glad I listened to them, and for any brand new ukulele players out there, this is the one to get.  C ya
If you play a string instrument, this one is a must.  I have several and a Snark for each one.  Unfortunately, in the span of about two years, they've gone from about $6 (in bulk) to about double that.  It's a good product, but shop around wisely for the best price, and hint:  read the fine print, if they include a battery, you'll pay lots more.  I even found the batteries online about half the price than in a drug store. Five stars for performance, take away one for greed. And another comment in 2013.  I decided to buy 4 more, but went to another source which only charged ONE shipping price, not 4.
I was shocked when I got this tuner and witnessed how accurate it was. For the sake of letting you know its compatibility, I have used this to effectively tune an acoustic guitar, an electric guitar, a mandolin, and a 4-string bass. That's a huge range for any tuner! I've had older versions of clip-on tuners and this one just works faster and better. Recommended for any application in which you may need a variety of ranges. The ones made for guitar have limited range, but are cheaper, but I would imagine they're just as accurate.I'm not a huge fan of the red color, it is really bulky and noticeable on all the instruments I've had, but I'm happy with the trade-off. I just wish there was a smaller, more discrete option or something in black or a more muted color.
I've used electronic tuners for a long time.  Most of them that I've owned you have to plug into your instrument.  That means they don't tune with a microphone but only with an electronic signal directly from the instrument.  I bought a Korg GA-30 that was about the size of a credit card with a built in microphone to tune acoustic instruments about 8 or 10 years ago.  I used that Korg until getting the Snark.  The Korg was durable and fairly accurate but the LCD display wasn't lit making it tough to read in low light and the needle seemed to jump around sometimes for no good reason.  Still for the money the Korg was a good deal on a tuner with a microphone in it's day.Enter the Snark SN-2.  This Snark will tune about anything.  It will tune either by vibration clipped onto the headstock of a stringed instrument or don't clip it to the instrument and use the built in microphone.  Clip it to a music stand, clip it to anything and it still works when you use the built in microphone for a guitar, upright bass, violin, saxophone, trumpet or even a tympani.  Use the vibration setting for tuning an acoustic or electric guitar or ukulele or mandolin or banjo without interference from other sound sources.  It tunes about anything no matter the notes or key you want to tune your instrument to.  It senses the entire scale.The Snark SN-2 has a well lit, clean and bright display that is easy to read in bright light or total darkness.  The display pivots to any angle.  It is very light so it adds very little weight to the headstock.  The battery seems to last a fairly long time, longer than the 9-Volt battery in my tuner pedal that burns through pricey 9 volt Duracells at the rate of about 1 per month.Long term durability seems to be a question to me due the small pivot on all the Snark clip-on tuners.  I've only been using mine for about 2 months now and while the pivot part seems sort of fragile I've had no issues at all yet and it still works good.  I don't think you should drop it very often.  So far I've dropped mine once with no damage.  Even if it did break, 10 Snarks are cheaper than the rack tuner I have and the Snark is just as accurate.While long term durability is undecided I can't complain at all about the versatility, accuracy, high visibility display or the low cost.  I really like mine and use it everyday on an electric bass or a ukulele or a guitar.  It really gets around and tunes them all.  The color is sort of a metallic red, almost Candy Apple Red.  I ordered spare batteries but haven't needed to change one yet.I'd buy it again and suggest one as a gift for any musician that doesn't have one.  I'm sure they'll use it often.  This tuner is a real good buy at a good price.  Spare CR2032 Lithium batteries are less expensive on Amazon, so I suggest ordering several with your tuner so you'll be prepared.I've never used the metronome feature other than to check it out.  It flashed a locked tempo but I really don't need that feature.
I purchased this to use with my old Yamaha acoustic guitar and my ukelele.  It works great on both, very accurate and easy to use.  The swiveling head works very nicely and makes it easy to see at any angle.  It appears sturdy, and the clamp appears soft enough not to scratch your instrument. I haven't used other tuners of this type, but this one works great and seems like a great value for the price.
I like this tuner as much as my SN8. It's accurate, fast reading, and has the added feature of  acoustic mode if you need it,
I received my tuner yesterday very fast shipping,it looks great,  the price is right, but most of all it works wonderful, very easy to use and small enough to carry in my guitar case.
I bought it to tune my guitars and my banjo, it works good on all of them and is very accurate. I also used it to tune my uncle's mandolin for him because he couldn't find his tuner. Other than that theres not much else to say :P, I haven't used the metronome so I can't comment on that.
So easy to use.  Just clip it on and ta-da!  The screen is very easy to see and tuning my banjo is a breeze with it.  Unfortunately, my dog thought it was a delicious toy and mauled it beyond recognition so I need to buy another one.  If your dog loves toys, keep this out of reach.
I had used one of these at a guitar shop once while shopping for a new acoustic/electric. I was so used to the big klunky ones that you balance on your leg while trying to tune, I had no idea these even existed. After using it to tune 10 different prospects in a row, I decided to buy one on the spot (the tuner that is, it took another hour to decide on a guitar).It is very easy to use, the tuning via vibration is spectacular in a noisy environment. I like leaving it on the guitar while practicing to just make minor adjustments if there's a drop-D song, or just tweak something that goes out of tune.Does exactly what it is supposed to do, and it stays out of the way.
I first used the Snark when I borrowed a friends before a show, and I thought it was the coolest thing in the world. He used it to tune his acoustic electric, and at first I thought it was working off of sound, but then I put it on the headstock of my unplugged electric, and it picked it up instantly, and tuned it perfectly. I couldn't beleive it. I had to have one. I ordered the one that is capable of both miced tuning, and vibration tuning, as well has having the tap beat metronome, and I am in love with it. It's SO sensitive, and so accurate, you can turn the mic off, and use it to tune your electric guitar in a VERY loud room, and it won't pick up ambient noises. LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT. I recommend this to ALL musicians. The mic feature would be useful on your music stand, or attached to your trumpet, tuba, saxophone, whatever... clamp it on, and play. Absolutely awesome.
Works fine. It is of course difficult to tune when other's are playing around you. I found the mic tuner isn't as accurate. Also the rubber pad on the clamp falls off easily. It is better than most other clip on tuners though and the battery lasts longer too.
I am impressed at the thought that was put into the design of this product; I bought one for my daughter and one for me; great deal for a great product!
This is the second one i buy and i love it, is small, fast and accurate , best of all, you don't need to have the volume knob open for tuning, i bough this one as a birthday present for a friend and i know is inexpensive, but it feel quality and does it job perfectly , my friend love it above all the other gift, it is a everyday use tool for a musician.
I was using my iPhone and line 6 input but having to plug in can be a drag when you're no where near your gear. But hands down this is the most accurate, easy to use, and most portable tuner ever. I use it for all mu guitars, bass, mandolin, banjo, etc. I bought two more, you will love this tuner.
This is a great tuner, I just wish that the clamp was a little bit wider since I mostly have classical guitars and the width of the headstocks can be a little thicker than steel string acoustics or electric guitars.  Other than that, works great I like using it.
Very nice clip on tuner for the price.I actually got this as a gift for a friend and they seem to really like it.
This tuner is amazing, even more so considering the price. It's chromatic, so it will tune anything! I tune electric and acoustic guitars, bass, ukulele and mandolin with it! I've bought three for gifts... It's great.Sooooo, everything I said initially is still true... It's a fantastic little tuner... BUT I've broken two of them. (Where the clip attaches to the tuner - as in a multitude of other reviews...)This tuner *is* amazing... But fragile!
I wanted the version of this device with the built-in microphone to be able to check my singing accuracy as well as to tune my guitar. Maybe I should just change the guitar pitch to my off-pitch singing and I could finally achieve perfect harmony! I like everything about it especially (I think) it's ability to turn itself off after use if you forget to do so and save the battery life. A well designed device.
Love the Snark SN-2. Works well on my bass, and does a beautiful job on both acoustic and electric guitars. Tight tuning and easily used. Very good product overall, not to mention the reasonable price.Buy it.
It does what a guitar tuner should do.It simply clips onto the headstock of the guitar and easily shows you where your string is in reference to standard tuning.I do have an equally good tuner by monoprice that's about half price. Better deal if you don't just buy one and have to pay single shipping.
Easy to use, portable, cheap.  Not exact in tuning, might want a more expensive one if you are a professional musican.  For most of us this is more than adequate.
I buy these and put one in each of my guitar cases. Bright display, easy to use, works well and cheap. I have bought several of their models. I particularly like the fact that when the battery is dying the display becomes darker but the unit still works correctly. I hate the tuners that give you bad readouts with weak batteries. Had a problem with the pivot joint breaking on one of the older models, but it was replaced without a peep by the manufacturer. Newer models seem a bit beefier.
I wrote a review for the SN-1 which is essentailly the same tuner except this one also has a mic.  Here is my other review:I own a few tuners, including a Boss Tu-70.  Recently I purchased and reviewed the new GoGo TT-1 clip on tuner. I never thought a clip on could be as accurate and dependable as my Boss.  The GoGo is awesome and instantly became the only tuner I use.  But now I have to say, I think the Snark is a little better. I bought the SN-1 and the SN-2 because they are so inexpensive and so amazingly accurate.  The other great thing is they are chormatic, so besides being a great tuner, you can leave it clipped on to the headstock to practice accurate string bending or just learning the notes on the fretboard. The display is very easy to read...better than the GoGo (although GoGo has a new improved display since I bought mine).  I love the colors and the matte finish too.  The rubbery matte finish makes gripping the clip much easier than the smooth plastic of other tuners. The rubber surface also makes opening the battery compartment a snap too, I had to fight like heck to get the battery door open on my GoGo.  The Snark is less than half the price of my GoGo and out performs it...it's a no brainer.
I highly recommend these tuners.  They are the best I have found for Fiddle and Mandolin.  They also work well with acoustical guitar.
so this was my first real tuner, its very simple to use. great tool and has two different modes which is cool.
Great precise tuning with the SN-2 versus the other Snark versions. I would only go with the SN-2. But...like all the Snarks, they are delicate where the head attaches at the ball joint. Treat it gently and find a hardshell plastic case in which to keep it and transport it or it will get smashed and break apart.
Wow. Very cool gadget, and well executed. This review is based on using it with a number of acoustic and electric guitars with various headstocks. I have not tried it with other stringed or non-stringed instruments.The thing is quick and accurate. The display colors are bright and easy to read. It does not have to do much guessing at what note you are playing. (In fact, if you play a chord, it will usually guess the root note of the chord.) It clips on easily and firmly. It is very sensitive. I find that I have a habit of plucking the string frequently and not taking advantage of the sustain when tuning due to other tuners that needed stronger input to work. But I can pluck a string and slowly wind the string into tune, usually without having to pluck it again before I have it right.As an added bonus in my case, the color happens to be a great match for an Epiphone SG G-400 in Cherry Red.
For 10 bucks it's a great piece. Works well on my acoustic guitar and acoustic bass. Battery IS included, but it is very small and almost lost it.
This is my second, after breaking the last one's neck! The plastic socket around the ball & socket joint couldn't take the stress in the gig bag... I'll keep this one by the music stand,
I have several tuners. one is an inline tuner, one built into my amp....etc... This is my favorite go to tuner. It's fast and accurate. Every one in my band uses this tuner. It works for guitar and bass. It's easy to read and dead on....
I really like this tuner for the convenience and ease of use. However, it broke not too long after I bought it. One of the connections broke, that is. I think they might have made it a little more durable since then. Moreover, I sent it in and they replaced it, so that was cool. It would be nice, though, not to have had to do that.
It works.  It is cheap.  It does the job well.  A review mentioned it didn't come with batteries.  Mine came with batteries. I highly recommend it as do all of the other reviews.
It works really well for tunings other than standard EADGBE.  I am still trying to get it tuning in standard, but so far it's pretty accurate.  I know it can do standard tuning, i just can't figure it out.
Great little tuner.  Easy to work with and also easy to find.  The price is also right and I recommend.
BOUGHT THIS SN-2 SNARK TUNER AFTER I BOUGHT A UKULELE SNARK FOR MY LITTLE NIECE  I WAS SO PLEASED AT THE EASE OF ITS USE.  I MAINLY WANTED THIS FOR MY BANJO BUT I ALSO NOW USE IT ON MY BARITONE UKULELE, A GUITAR AND IF I EVER GET INTO THE SPIRIT I MIGHT JUST TRY IT ON THE OLD MANDOLIN THAT MY GREAT AUNT LEFT ME. . THE SNARK IS SMALL, VERY LIGHT WEIGHT, AND SUPER EASY TO USE.  IT'S A VERY WORTHWHILE PURCHASE.
I haven't read a lot of comments about these guys breaking, so maybe my wife and I are just ham-handed Shrek wannabes, but we have busted two of these little gizmos. They are basically made of a clip that attaches to your instrument, a round frisbee shaped tuner, and an arm that connects the two. The arm has a very fragile socket on each end that it fits into. She and I have each busted one, doing something mundane like putting it into a case or setting down a guitar on a carpeted floor.While the tuner works well otherwise (except the low E string on a bass which can be problematic), and the things don't cost very much, it's a shame we keep busting them. I do really recommend them as a good tuner and very very portable. Just be extra careful handling them.
We've been only using it for two days, and so far so good. I cannot say anything about durability for now, but I'll update this review if it breaks.====One of my kids has been borrowing my trusty old BOSS TU-12 chromatic tuner forever for her violin, and I finally bought this for her.There are many clip-on tuners, but I liked the following about this tuner:1. LCD mimicing an analog needle so you know how much you're off (as opposed to just flat or sharp).2. You can switch between vibration sensor and an internal mic. Most of the time you want to use vibration sensor anyway, but a mic sometimes comes in handy.3. Can set different pitch than A=440.4. Not expensive (was less than [...]$ including shipping).Upon delivery I tried it on my guitars (both acoustic and electric) using vibration sensor before giving it to my kid, and was impressed.It is quick to track the note even for low E. It's not picky about where on the peghead it is clipped on. No stress whatsoever, indeed it's just as quick and smooth as my BOSS. LCD is bright and clear, and needle-ish display works as expected.It worked very well on violin too. And I saw kids singing to internal mic to check the pitch of their voices just for fun.And a note about the looks. From the picture I expected it to be ugly, but actually it was not that bad. It's tiny and doesn't look like a Fisher-Price product.====First update, Nov 24 2010: I've tried it on an electric bass (4 string), and it worked equally well. Still 5 stars.====Second update, Oct 20 2011: It's still working happily for my daughter, and I bought a second unit for myself. Fantastic product.
I have 7 of these bad boy tuners and I love them. I keep them clipped to each of my guitar heads so they are always ready if I need a quick tuning to that guitar...Good quality, accurate and not expensive...Highly recommended and 5 Stars.
Tuner works great. Both by vibration and mic.Only real problem is the fact that the joint between the tuner and the clip is really weak. Mine broke off... not even a year old.
This chromatic clip-on tuner is the best of the best.  One cannot go without having one for the price.  I've tuned violins, guitars and ukelele's with it.  This is an electronic gadget you just cannot do without.  You can use the vibration setting to tune with a room full of people talking or playing other instruments.  If you have it on the MIC than you can tune many instruments all at once if you wish.This little instrument tuner does everything.  FOR THE COST ...YOU JUST CANNOT BE WITHOUT ONE.
These are great!  They're small.  Light weight.  Easy to read.  Accurate.  Inexpensive.  This one offers an additional feature:  Tap Tempo Metronome
I bought this Snark tuner for my daughter to use to tuner her classical guitar and her guitarlele.  I've been using a blue Snark tuner for a couple of years and have loved it.  I thought she needed a Snark of her own and it works like a charm.  I like the chromatic aspect of it because you can tune your strings to any pitch other than concert pitch.  Sometimes we like to go lower, and sometime a whole or half-step higher.It's beautiful to look at, clips on the head of the instrument with soft rubber feet, and truly does an excellent job of tuning.  I teach classical guitar and have found this tuner to be one I go to the most, and I have a lot of different tuners.  I rarely use any of my other tuners anymore, relying mostly on the Snarks that I have.  It uses a CR2032 button battery which is inexpensive and lasts a long time.  I use my Snark at least 4 times a day either tuning my instruments or my students.  What I really love about these types of tuners is that you can talk while tuning since it feels the vibrations of the string instead of listening to it.  It will tune practically anywhere  - loud rooms, etc...and tune accurately.
Extreamly easy to use, you can tune any instrumet witn this.  The display is bright and clear, easy to see in the dark.  You can tune by sound with the microphone or by vibration; the clip is excellent to hold it to the instrument.  The price couldn't be better, I just can't believe how come people purchase a lot more expensive tuners when this excellent product exists.
I have been in need of a tuner for far too long.  I was turned on to this and I was truly blown away.  The tuner is very accurate and compact.  I leave it on my guitar all the time.  The clamp is strong enough that it will stay put.
My old one lasted a long while and it still works. Just wanted another one. These tuners are just awesome!
it works well and gets the job done but the battery dies way to quickly, other than that its has a cool clip that lets it be placed anywhere
I have several guitar and ukulele chromatic tuners.  They all work fine for me.  However, the Snark SN-2 just has the edge. It's performance, look and feel are great!  The added features are also a plus.  I use the Snark for both ukulele and accoustic guitar.  It's my go to for chromatic tuner.  Highly recommend this.
There really does not need to be a 10 page review that breaks this thing down to every tedious detail. This is a tuner that clips on the headstock of the guitar, and tunes it in perfect pitch. For a 10 dollar bill it is impossible to beat. These are a staple on every single guitar in our band! Bright and easy to read!
This is without a doubt the best guitar tuner I have ever used.  I have been playing for years and have owned many tuners, this one is the best and I purchased it at a better price than it was offered at my local music store.
Stopped working all by itself. Fresh battery didn't help.Fortunately, I've another, plus a Korg and an two Intellitouch. (I've 2 fiddles and 3 guitars)The Intellitouch is simply "champion!".
I own several of the Snark tuners, but the Snark SN-2 is my personal favorite.  It settles extremely fast, and works with a wide array of instruments and couldn't be simpler.  Just clip it to your instrument and strum or play a note and, in an instant, there it is.  The display is bright and easy to read, and the graph has a lot of resolution.  The SN-2 senses frequency through vibration, but it also has a selectable microphone pickup.  It is transposable, and it offers a metronome feature.  The SN-2 is finished with a rubbery texture and is a beautiful &#34;electric red&#34; color.
Tunes by sound or vibration thats all i use it for the vibration mode is really nice. buy one its convenient
I love this tuner. It measures vibration with the option to switch to microphone. I find it really useful when trying to figure out what chord I want to play next. I can sing the note into it and then I know which chord I want to play next!
I've played guitars for over 40 years, and I've owned or used many, many tuners - stompbox, rack-mount, etc.  This is a great tuner. I bought a clip-on tuner about 10 years ago when they were first becoming popular.  It was ok - fairly accurate, very convenient, but it's sensitivity would make it difficult to tune the low E.  This Snark is much better.  I compared it to my Boss TU-2 (which is the standard stompbox tuner of gigging musicians), and it's just about as accurate.  The fact that it's chromatic means you can tune to any note, which is useful for non-standard tunings. It even has a built-in mic for situations where you can't clip it on (say, for a lap-steel guitar).  The head swivels to just about any position, and its sensitivity allows you to tune in live situations when other instruments are playing.  The only reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5 is that because of its curved "arm" it's a little awkward to pack for traveling - if you were to cram it into a space and there was some pressure on it I could see the arm possibly breaking off from the spring part. So, to me, outside of that (and the fact that it only comes in red so far), it's perfect.
I'm a big believer and long time user of many different types of visual tuning devices.  I play guitar, mandolin and ukelele.  And this inexpensive tuner is the best one I've ever used by a long way.  I've paid a lot more for a lot less.  It has an option to use either an internal vibration sensor via the clip or a built in microphone.  The dial is easily readable and adjustable to a wide range of viewing angles.  And it has the fastest and best response of any tuner I've ever used.  It doesn't require a loud volume to "hear" the tone.  Finally, it doesn't seem to wander around trying to attune itself to the note you just played, but it does instantly sense very fine differences in that tone.  If I detune by about 1/16th of a turn on my tuning machine (an difference I can't hear with my own ear), this device detects it immediately.  All in all, this thing is a whole step up in accuracy in tuning.
Got this for a 15 year old learning guitar.  They thought the guitar was fine before the tuner.  My, how things change when you can see what is really going on.  Recommended.
This tuner is way better than my earlier tunners which relied on either sound to their microphone, or direct plug in for electric instruments.  This has the microphone feature, but is better used with the clip on vibration mode.  Just clip it on to your guitar head, and hit the string.  A multicolored display shows if you are sharp or flat.  Easy to use.
It is easy to use and it tunes multiple instruments. It works better than my piano. I can trust that I will be in tune.
OK, it's a tuner.  But.....it is dead balls-on accurate, quick tuning and easy to read even in daylight.  Great for gigs in that you can tune and re-tune during performances with fast, fast accuracy.  I own 5 or 6 of them, one for each guitar, and I highly recommend them over ANYTHING else.
Works well - but be careful when swivelling the display as it can easily break one of the four tabs it clips into.
Handy, well made, small, easy to see.  Great for guitar, fiddle, mandolin, dobro, and other instruments that it can clamp to.
This tuner is cool. It picks up even the lightest vibrations, i/e: I can hit the high e on my acoustic and it will register the tone until it pretty much dies out. I also like the capo tuning feature. You put a capo on the 3rd and tell the tuner to flatten 3x. I highly recommend this tuner.
I tune by ear and the old fashion way, but this is so much better and locks in the note so you can really tell what you are doing.  Great tuner.
The design of this product is innovative and excellent.  I haven't used it for as long as I would generally like before writing Amazon reviews of purchased items, and so cannot testify to its reliability, but suffice to say that, for the price, it would be hard to beat.The display is very clear, and the ability to clip to your headstock while tuning is marvelous.  I wonder how I ever lived without it before.For live gigs playing electric, I would prefer a floor tuner running through a pedal board with a patch cable, as noisy environments probably wouldn't be ideal for this tuner.  This is more for your parlor acoustic setup.
love it! fast, easy to use, effective, small enough to carry around and wonderfully accurate. a must have for any musician
I bought this tuner because I am learning to play guitar and want to keep my guitar in tuneGreat little tuner that looks good and works even better It works really well, but not perfectly
Like it better than the other tuner I bought, this one was a dollar more and cant remember what the other one was but would defiantly buy this again.
This little tuner is so easy to use and see...I bought two more as presents. The price point was just unbeatable for such a stellar performing tuner. If you don't have a tuner or are looking for a new one, you NEED this one. A+++
Easy, accurate and, best of all, it swivels to any position and stays upright for easy viewing. I've tried other brands and they don't swivel  correctly. And it's red! Very cool.
I really like this tuner but it is kinda bulky. Very obvious. Calls a lot of attention to itself, all GIANT and red.Still, I can't fault it's tuning prowess. It's quick and pretty on the money. It replaced my Roland Boss Tu-12h.Well more handy for tuning my sweet La Patrie nylon strung &#34;Motif&#34;Would buy again,  but I'd really prefer a more subdued  color.
I had the SN1 Guitar Tuner, this one the SN2 is actually for all instruments if I'm not mistaken and it works great. Never fails. I love the red, the swivel head, the green.red lights when tuning. Just remember to take it off the headstock when youre done using it
i think this is the best tuner i love it it really works and its really easy to use it
I love these things. I have purchased several Snarks of all different types. Fast, accurate and a joy to use. My young guitar students struggled with other tuners but not this one. All Snarks clip on the headstock and use vibrations there to activate the tuner. The SN-2 also has a built in mic for use with any instrument, such as trumpet, sax, clarinet, etc. I have other, more expensive clip on tuners, but the Snark is by far my favorite.
UPDATE: 15 July 2013I still really love how these assist in quick tuning, but MAN, are they FLIMSY.All of my other musician friends- who also LOVE this tuner's ability to grab the right pitch- also have employed copious amounts of super glue to re-attach the neck and clip to the body of the tuner.So, in short, this is a mixed bag. I would rate the abilities of the actual tuner at somewhere over 6 stars- EASILY my favorite ever in this capacity... combined with the absolutely DEPLORABLE build quality of the clip itself.Sigh.It's such a bummer to rave about a product to your friends... only to follow it with the obligatory disclaimer.If SNARK fixes the problem, I would instantly bring the rating back up to my original 5 star rating... but until then...and I LOVE this tuner... 2.5 stars, rounded up to 3.Boo.(ORIGINAL REVIEW)I have had similar tuners in the past... and by similar, I mean clip on...Nearly every other tuner I have had has not maintained a reading, which translated into what felt like a game of keep away, where I was the frustrated kid in the middle who could never quite catch the pitch.I am willing to bet that lots of folks have had this experience with many tuners. Not only that, but many of these tuners run upwards of twenty bucks, if not more.So I was skeptical. But so many high reviews couldn't be wrong, and for the price I figured it was a fairly risk free gamble.Really glad I tried it out!The screen is clear and easy to read, and the pitch indicator holds steady in one spot. No more chasing pitch for me!Haven't needed to use the vibration/ mic option yet, but I am sure that will come in handy at some point.Planning on getting another one for my other instruments as well.Definitely recommended!
I got this after seeing many of my church friends using them.  I got this one so I could use it to tune my guitars a ukulele and a violin.  It does all of them well.  I'm going to buy a couple more as gifts.
This is a great tuner. High quality construction. The tuning is accurate. The controls are easy to use and the dial is easy to read. It is far superior to a Fishman tuner that I bought previously. The Fishman controls did not work properly and the tuning was not accurate. These tuners are very handy to make quick tuning corrections while playing.
I can't believe what you can get for the price on this one.  Tunes all my instruments fast and easy.  The display is so easy to read and tuning is easier than ever.
I love this little device:The colors of the display are a nice touch (red on the left hand side and green on the right).The color of the device.The interface is great and the clip works well.It's very accurate and I love how its chromatic function and the fact that it has a very large letter for the chord (versus being hard to read).A very attractive price.  I bought two.  It would be easy to have one for travelling purposes and to leave one at home just in case you lose it.  And it's so cheap, it wouldn't matter if you lost it.
This device has really help me. I am new at trying to learn. I have a long way to go.
I must have had over 20 tuners in the last few decades, and the Snark is by far my favorite.  I change out altered capos every few songs, so I have to tweak the tuning many times each gig, and this has made it much easier, even in noisy clubs with poor lighting.
use it on my mandobanjoacoustic guitarupright bassreg bassdon't leave home without itbut take and extra button battery
I am a novice guitar player.  Arrived in 2 days!  Does exactly what it SAYS it'll do...right out of the box!  Correctly tuned this VERY OLD guitar for the first time in YEARS!
Exactly what I expected. A quality tuner for a low price. Very durable and gets the job done. Great buy!
These sell for about $20-25 in the real world.  I paid a bit over $12 and it was an Amazon Prime purchase too.  The display is better than most I've used (dating back 30 years).  The best thing is that I can pass this around to band members quickly when they have a need too.
My mother "plays" the guitar (I am a banjo/mandolin player), and the Snark SN-2 came in the mail while I was gone for 5 days.  She opened it up, got curious and tried it out on her guitar that prolly hasn't been in tune since... I dunno... and she LOVED it!  lulz  This little thing really is my absolute favorite instrument accessory, both a vibrational and an internal mic pickup.  I was using my old Korg chromatic for those times I wanted to see if I was singing the correct note... and was actually pleasantly surprised that the Snark SN-2 had a mic.  One less accessory in the little bag now.  :DI am slightly ambivalent about the silent metronome function, however... its neat as you can play without the TICK TOCK distraction and still look up once in awhile to see if you are on beat, but as an actual instructional tool for keeping tempo... mmm, I would still highly recommend using an audible metronome.Side note, if you have friends/family that play a string instrument, be aware your Snark SN-2 *WILL* be making the rounds.
This is the second clip on tuner I have bought. This is much better than the other brand I have. It's easy to use and see. The colors and the swivel head make this one my favorite. The built in tap metronome is a cool idea. If you're shopping for a tuner give this a try. At less than $13 it's a fantastic buy
This is a very versatile tuner!  I use it all the time to check my instruments, and keep things sounding good.  Highly recommend this product.
This tuner tunes my guitars very well, it tunes them perfectly, and works well tuning bass guitar, very easy to use, very visible screen when tuning, clamps on nicely, and the red color is very beautiful you could say, all in all very good tuner.
I like cool gadgets - and this is no exception. The red color is a metallic color - and I totally dig it. The display is nice and bright as well. Super accurate tuning. Well worth it for the price.
Much better than similarly priced products out there for tuning.  I can't recommend this enough and the battery last a LONG time!  I haven't had to change mine in almost two years since I've had it!  Just a great overall tuner.
