Great strings. I use these on a Deering Goodtime II and they work well. Deering recommends (as I imagine most entry level banjo manufacturers) sticking with only the light gauge, not light pluses or mediums. So stock up. Good strings, and not overly prone to corrosion.
I bought a couple of sets of strings for my banjo. Strings are a matter of preference of how they sound and feel. One person may love them the next may not. They are very playable strings, but on my aluminum rim saga banjo the sound was a little to bright. I took them off and put them on a another wood resonater banjo, they sounded much better on that one. One reason I buy these strings is they are made in the U.S.A Why buy strings when they don't tell you where there made.I put on a set of Daddrio medium set and liked the sound better but they are a little harder to play.All strings must be kept clean if you want them to last. wipe each string when done and they will last longer.
Well, I ordered 2 sets of these, and 2 sets of medium strings when I got my first banjo, as I didn't know what gauge strings I would prefer. So far I like the light strings better for clawhammer, which is mostly what I play. Easy on the fingers and sound good, to my ears at least...Not much else to say about strings :P. Would recommend them.
I love these strings because the sounds are so pure and not twangy, and they are pretty easy to use.  Each string is labeled so you know which goes where.  I'm a beginner and can change my own strings, so I'm proud of myself.
As far as banjo strings go, these are a good bang for the buck, or were when I got them. D'Addario makes a pretty consistant product, I've used them on everything over the years, although I prefer certain brands for other things. Strings are cheap for the most part and easy to experiment with. These are also amazingly enough still made in the USA as well.If you buy a cheap instrument here, do yourself a favor and get a decent set of strings as chances are they'll be strung with trash if it's a lower end instrument from China. Even if you're starting out you should tell the difference right away.
