I agree with all the other reviews. These are high quality sounding, very comfortable (I have a big head too!), durable headphones with a nice long cable and spring reinforced headphone jack. Unless you make money with your headphones (or have money to burn) you probably don't need anything better than the M50's. The only thing I would change would be to get rid of the collapsible cans - they make the headphones take up less room when folded (good for travelling) but I'm old fashioned and prefer rigid phones, they are a bit quicker to get on and off when you don't have to unfold them and flip the cans in the right orientation. No big deal though! Comes with nice screw on 1/8" to 1/4" adaptor.
Bought these to plug into practice bass amp (wifey a little nasty when I get itch to play at 2 am).  I play 5 string and I could not believe the deep sound I get out of these, especially in this price range.  Highly recommend!
These cans were decent, back when they were just above 100 bucks. They've inflated to 160 and that's just ridiculous. There is better in this price range. The SRH840's for example on eBay for 120~ bucks new, does everything better than these cans. The M50's have really punchy bass, and extremely stringent highs, they're very loose in the low end, and their mids are recessed. That combination makes for a fatally tiring listening experience. The pads are pleather and terribly uncomfortable, whilst having an almost starchy texture to them. The headband clamps onto larger heads and lacks decent padding underneath. These phones are also terrible in regards to any soundstage at all, which means for gaming, these will be pretty terrible. They do some... SOME... new genres alright, but their extremely aggressive presentation makes these phones just hard to listen to. They also can't do lighter genres like Jazz and Classical due to their poor positoning. There are much much better monitors in this price range than these, the Shure SRH840 as I've said before totally outclass these headphones in all areas.Stay away, don't fall victim to the noob hype.
Seriously, just stop.Don't be like me and wonder what all the fuss is for years, just go ahead and get a pair. They are just awesome. When I finally got mine, I opted for the anniversary edition as they were on sale, and I am seeing the regular athm50s right now for $119!! That's crazy cheap.I had some rather inexpensive Sony headphones for about eight years(still have them actually) that are comfy and sound good, but not entirely accurate. The ATHM50S are really solid studio headphones. I can't imagine why I have taken soooooo long to try them for myself. They exude quality and are comfy, even when I'm wearing my glasss which many headphones are not. Not for long seasons anyway.I use the ATHM50S in my home studio and I have started taking them along in my gear bag for studio sessions along with a 15' headphone ext cable.I feel oSo foolish having lived without these cans for so long, don't you do the same!
I've been using Sennheiser's for years and while I am very pleased with them I decided to try the ATH-M50Ss on a whim.  I spent a little more ($50) than what I've been paying for the Sennies but it was well worth it.  I get more of a flat response which is exactly what I needed for monitoring my audio mixes.And a trivial bonus ... a straight cord.  I hate coiled cords.
These headphones are amazing! They are absolutely fantastic for the price!The only problem I face is that they hurt my head from the pressure of wearing them. But I just need to stretch them out!
I bought these to replace a pair of ATH-M45s I had for 6 years. I used my old headphones for listening to music and for tracking in my recording studio. These have assumed the same role and perform wonderfully. I play a lot of electric drums and these cans do a great job of isolating the outside world from what I hear inside the headphones. Listening to music on them is a joy. Everyone has an opinion about a &#34;burn in&#34; period, mine seemed to open up at about 50-60 hours. I listen to music about 3 - 4 hours a day.
They sound just like i thought they would.  I love them and use them when i play guitar and they sound awesome.I would buy these again.
I also own Bose Quiet Comfort 15's and AE2's, and the Grado S80i's. these have become my favorites. The Grado's have tight but somewhat weak bass, and amazing (but sometimes too shrill), and airy mids and high's with a great soundstage; both Bose's have more pronounced bass than the Grado's, and good mids and highs, but less airy and soundstage than the Grado's, and the audio-technica's are in between, with the best balance between accurate and pronounced (but not excessively) bass, excellent mids and highs, and very good soundstage. They have become my favorite phones. Though the bass is pronounced, it is with an accurate depth, and a THUD like a top-line subwoofer, when the bass drum hits. All in all quite a listening experience.
I was expecting to be taken to heaven with these headphones.They are not all that impressive compared to the beats on ear headphones.But the would do just perfect for recording vocals but when it comes listening to music I say go for Dr.Dre Beats.If you want to know what the noise isolation feels like , just putting your hands on your ear.
I picked these up on impulse &#8211; they were on a good sale and I was dissatisfied with my older, cheaper set of Panasonic over-the-ears.  I'm glad I did &#8211; these are excellent headphones and they've exceeded my expectations on just about every level.  The sound quality is exceptional and they do a very solid job of blocking external noise.  They feel extremely sturdy and well-made, from the cans themselves to the nice, thick coiled cord (although a removable cord would be a nice bonus).  Finally, and this is important, they're incredibly comfortable.  As a video editor, I often wind up wearing headphones for hours at a time.  The cans rotate on two axis, so they conform to the shape of your head and the headband is thick and well-padded.  They grip your head snugly, without that horrible &#34;vice grip&#34; feeling.I've heard several reviewers say that these are the best headphones to be found for under $200.  I haven't tried enough pairs to make that judgement, but I will say that I highly recommend them.  It's one of the best purchases I've made in a long time.
These headphones are kind of classics.  Very popular and you can read all about them on the headphone review websites.  They are certainly a cut above your cheap headphones.  However, when I compare them to my other headphones (Sennheiser HD595's) I find that these are very, very inferior.  I had originally intended for them to be used with my digital piano because I wanted some isolation, which my HD595's do not provide.  These do provide isolation but the sound is markedly inferior.  I think closed-style headphones are just not up to the task of reproducing high quality classical music like open style headphones.I use these at work now.  They are excellent at blocking out room noise and they provide enough quality for me to listen to music while working.Unfortunately they are also not nearly as comfy as my Sennheisers.  They are a bit too small for my ears, I guess. And they get hot.  Overall they are just not as good.  They were a good price, though, and they fill a niche that I need.  If only I could find a set of really high quality closed cans for my piano now...
My main headphones before were HD-280's, which I thought were pretty good, until I got these. I have several pair of HD-280's, one for mixing audio, one for practicing with drums (since they have decent isolation), and one for 'her' to use.I have one of these, and the amount of detail is great. I have a set of M-Audio BX8a's, and these have a touch more clarity, which considering the price difference...wow. For mixing audio though, can't use headphones when it comes to getting the stereo imaging right, but, I think these will get used for mixing more and more, with the finalizing on the BX8a's.I didn't know headphones could sound this good.
garbage if you like it...then buy it.this is NOT how the world of music sounds.TOO MUCH BASS and other garbage...are you guys really HEARING anything ?world has gone bass crazy since about 1981...more and more..we lost analog, we lost quality thanks tocompression and mp3, and now to put morecrap into our ears, they give you ONEfrequency...bass ONLY , take it or leave it.will go find REal headphones, thanks.kb
I've tried different kinds of headphones in the past and so far the Bose AE2 fits my taste. I've been using it for years when my son borrowed it a month ago and I'm pretty sure he has no intention of giving it back :) (Its the 5th headphone he borrowed) so I planned to buy another one but I said to myself why not try something different. After reading all the reviews on this product I finally decided to go for it. And WOW...i was blown away. I'm glad I tried something else. No regrets. This one really fits my taste. The clarity is superb and the bass is awesome.
First time I've spent over 25 bucks for headphones.  Use for both reference with a GNX4 and guitar, and easy listening.  Very accurate and no coloration of tone that I can detect.  (semi-audiophile)A bit bass heavy but overall great headphones. very comfortable.  get hot to wear in the summer!
If your goal is to use these for mixing, then just hit the buy button.I have about 6 sets of various headphones from low end to nice gamer phones, and these will allow you to hear sounds that your other phones will not.I use these to mix down multi-track audio and then compare the final mix with a set of regular monitors.
I did my research on this buy. I looked at a lot of reviews, as well as youtube reviews comparing other headphones, and these seemed to be the clear favorites over other competitors such as Beats Pro (in which you're spending at least $100 of the total $200 on just the name alone, such a rip-off if you ask me). These are very clear and fine tuned. My only knock on these is that they could use a little more padding for the top of my head.
I am completely blown away with these headphones. The second I got them in the mail I plugged it up to my mac pro, opened up itunes and played a song. Simply put it was amazing, I was able to hear EVERY single track individually! I later plugged the ATH-M50's into a Korg triton studio, recorded a session with some great microphones and edited a project in final cut all with the same results. The sound is so clear with these headphones you will notice every flaw no matter how small in whatever you are working on (which is a great thing). I have worked with a lot of headphones including some that cost many times what these do and I keep coming back. I have seen a few people comment that the bass is not "punchy enough" this is simply not true, the bass is amazing, any stronger and these headphones would not be true to the source. Make no mistake the ATH-M50's are extremely accurate and sound fantastic.
I mix and master all my own music on these guys. Before the audiophiles try to stone me to death, listen! I cant have giant KRK monitors blasting in my small apartment, but what I can have is a solid pair of affordable headphones that present my music in a very true light. These are not Beats by Dre, they will not make all your songs have super bass, and they aren't a great fashion statement; however, they ARE work horses and will show you how your music REALLY sounds. Nicer headphones exist, true, but these are the best in their price range in my opinion.
I play Guitar for the first time i have a head set that the drivers are not being over driving giving a distorted sound. The calrity is amazing !
I have an Axe-Fx 2 that requires quality monitoring (I do use studio monitors, but sometimes I need something that no one else can hear), and for a while was using the Senheiser HD 280 Pro headphones.When I put these on (without burning them in), I was blown away at the difference! for $20 more, these cans are more than worth the extra cashAlso better, is the leather wrapped around the arc- much sturdier, while the pad on my Senheisers is flaking off, piece by piece.
I've owned these for several years and found them sufficient for mixing purposes -- so long as I keep using reference songs for comparison ... that's because by themselves, the ATH-M50 don't have a flat frequency response. They're flatter than most phones under a hundred, but you will find that they're a bit too middy and lacking in lower treble regions compared with a good set of studio monitors.Fortunately, I found that this deficiency can be fixed with a corrective EQ curve. Load up a parametric EQ and do the following: [+1dB @ 80Hz Q of 5],  [+1.5dB @ 350Hz Q of 2], [-2.5 dB @ 1kHz Q of 1], [+1dB @ 3kHz Q of 1], [+2dB @ 6.5kHz Q of 3.5], and [+1.5dB @ 15kHz Q of 3].  Save this as a preset.If you listen to reference songs with this, you'll find a more pleasing, balanced, 3D kind of sound compared to the original.  I base this correction curve on published frequency response graphs of the ATH-M50. The proof that this worked is that now these headphones sound a lot like my good studio monitors. They translate better with the correction curve active.The bass on these is solid and seems to go down to 20Hz or so, more felt than heard. Subsonic thumps feel like head motion more than sound. This is where these headphones are better than studio monitors, unless you have a well treated room with a good sub. I therefore use these headphones to adjust bass, in relation to the reference songs. I also use them for editing slight sounds (pops, clicks) and getting reverb tails right, and with help panning tracks -- they are VERY good for this, like a magnifying glass.The foam pads and black 'paint' on the headband will crack and fall off after 2 years. I wrapped black sports tape around the headband, works well. Replacement pads can be bought on Amazon. So the padding material coating could have been better made.  That plus the middy frequency response is why I give 4 stars instead of 5.  But I still think they're the best headphones for mixing and tracking under a couple hundred.
As background, I've recorded many jazz performances and listen normally to electrostatic speakers and have a pair of electrostatic headphones as well as dynamic models.These Audio Technica headphones are closed back isolating headphones which greatly reduce background noise. That said they are more difficult to design well as the closed ear cups and back create acoustic interaction with the back of the drivers. These headphones have a very open sound, smooth midrange, excellent detail with out exaggerated treble and very solid, and perhaps a bit emphasized bass.They are extremely comfortable, well made and easy to store. Finally the pricing of these fine headphones are not over inflated as are many high quality products. Highly recommended.
Bought these as the studio I was using had a very rough, taped together set of headphones and they told me most people bring there own.  Did a quick search for good quality studio quality headphones and settled on these for my choice.  I am not disappointed.  Excellent sound quality and I would pin them against Bose any day.
These headphones are wonderful to wear.  They sound great.  But that's not enough now a days.  With the head band being connected to the outside of the muff, they fit your head so wide.  The pioneer hdj 2000 has the look.  Read my review on those though.  They are terrible.At first glance these things are serious pro grade, they are made of very durable components. Both ears swivel and they fit snug to the head. The head band isn't bad, it's a plastic material i notice that when i stretch it to see how flexible it is the pad on the top of the head starts to come unglued. Not really a big concern though. They have a long cord, and I'll talk more about it later. It ends with a spin on 1/4 in or a standard 3.5mm.The sound out of these things is pristine. It's not muddy and very clear. They have a good amount of bass.  Because of the over ear style they drown a lot of background noise out and they also don't leak noise like a lot of headphones do.Pros- Heavy duty- Awesome sound- Comfortable headband- Over ear design- Not worried about breaking when i through them in my bag- Always clear, never muddy, even at high volumes- Very clear left and right ear markings- Spin on 1/4 PlugCons- Heavy coil cord- Heavy (weight never got annoying though)- Looks
