Let me start of by saying this tuner is great.My previous tuner was a Korg CA-40 and frankly, that tuner is terrible.The main differences between SAT800 and the CA-40:SAT800 has a build-in light, CA-40 does not.CA-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, SAT800 does not.SAT800 has a auto and manual mode, CA-40 has auto.SAT800 displays the octave of the note, e.g. 1E, 2E, etc, CA-40 displays only displays the alphabet, E for all oactaves.SAT800 has a numerical display for the cents off, CA-40 does not.What made me get a new tuner is how finicky the CA-40 when using the build-in mic. The needle on the graph just jumps all over the place from the harmonics of the guitar and that has nothing to do the sensitivity or accuracy of the tuner. Yes, it is accurate but so are many of the tuners out there that do not have such a poor usability. Another issue with the CA-40 is the poor screen. The screen is so dark and only viewable head on.The CA-40 does not have any of the flaws of the CA-40 and is even more accurate.What this tuner has: accuracy, usability, durability, versatility. What more can you ask from a tuner of this price?
Over the years, I've literally owned dozens of electronic tuners...generally five or six at a time in various locations...ranging from a $12 Musiciansfriend promotional item to a $200 rack mount. Most have been in the $30 range from Sabine, Yamaha, Korg, and Seiko. The Seiko SAT800E is my all time favorite because, like Mama Bear in the fairy tale, it affordably splits the difference between "too small" and "too big". It stays put on the floor when I run it inline between my guitar/bass/uke and my amp and its LCD display is large enough to be legible when I'm standing. At the same time, it neatly fits in my ukulele case. Beyond that, it simply does what good electronic tuners do, accurately and without fanfare. Bravo.
I teach class guitar in a community college and bought the SAT800 to loan to students during class. I selected it for the rubber bumpers and beefy build, expecting anything in this day and age to nail pitch quickly and accurately. And, indeed, it tunes acoustic and classical guitars without filching. Oddly, in one year of use, nobody has dropped it so the bumpers also provide a sure grip in hand and on music stand. My prior smooth plastic Seiko cost four times as much as the SAT800 but managed to hit the deck several times a week. Amazingly it still works perfectly but was not well suited for butterfingered students. However, the display was larger and sported colored note names, so it was more intuitive for beginner use.The built-in mic works fine in a quiet room but is useless in a classroom full of guitars (as are all built-in tuner mics). You need to use a tuner pickup and all is well (I use a Korg tuner pickup). If I were to nick pick I'd have to say the letter name of the pitch is way too small on the LCD. It's tucked in the far right corner in 12 point type and positioned just after the octave number. A lot of students can't read or notice such small type. Also the octave number immediately in front of the letter confuses many beginners as they assume it is the string number (doesn't matter how many times I explain that it isn't). Finally, it is too easy to accidentally recalibrate the pitch. Nearly every week somebody inadvertently sets it to A435 or whatever and causes a bunch of other students to be out of tune. A lock button or some other safety would be a smart design upgrade. Most of these nick picks don't apply to pros or advanced players but are something to consider if you're a novice.Add a calibrate safety feature and double the pitch name size and this would be a 5 star product. Right now it's a mere 4.5!
This is my first guitar tuner, I don't have expiriance to determine: do this tuner is better then other tuners. Is working very good, 100% satisfaction.
Rugged, good looking, efficient...sorta like me. Have several tuners of different names and quality. But this Seiko is certainly the quickest. The rubber housing is an excellent idea. Would buy another.
