I must say, in the beginning I was not thrilled with the product.  The coloring that it adds is relatively subtle unless cranked, however after using it for several weeks then not using it, I did notice a difference.  I found that using it as a gain input to the distortion pedal results in some very warm sweet sounding crunch :-)  very nice.  The type of coloring is available through a dip switch, which I guess is ok.  Not highly accessible though.  All in all this has stayed in my effects chain between the wah wah and the distortion box.  I normally leave it on and use the stomps available on my distortion pedal.  No plans to remove.
I've been nothing but pleased with this pedal so far. I use it boost my jazz bass to the same volume level as my precision.  It does the job perfectly.  The LED is REALLY bright, which for me is a good thing, but others might find distracting.  Also, it would convenient if there were external switches instead of internal dip switches for varying the settings, but in such a small footprint, there are bound to be tradeoffs. I'd buy this again for sure.
A booster makes your signal louder!  That has been the case with all the clean boosters on the market like MXR Micro Amp, EHX LPB-1, BBE Boosta Grande, Modtone, etc.  They keep your guitar's original tone, make it louder and when pushed enough, will add a good amount of gain & grit.  But there is something else going on with the Xotic EP Booster.  Yes, it also makes the signal louder, adds gain or a little dirt, but also makes your overall sound bigger & wider!  Based on vintage echoplex units used by guitar heroes like Jimmy Page, Duane Allman, Gary Moore, etc.  This pedal is really small in size, has one knob & the footswitch.  It does have an internal dip switch.  You open up the back of the pedal & choose you own setting.  I leave at the classic setting, turn the gain knob at 9 or 10 o'clock & leave it on all the time.  I tried it before & after my OD pedals and my personal preference is "after"!  Being in front of the amp, it didn't do much when I tried to use just the dirt channel on my tube amp.  I put it in the FX loop & it boosted the signal alright but I didn't like it as much as in front of the amp boosting my OD pedals.This is one pedal that will stay on my board.  I doesn't take up much space, built to last and will make anything you throw before it sound better.  It does one job only but it does it so well!
Look no further this is the best Booster with an internal EQ, what else can you ask for? Go for it, if you need a versatile small booster, it comes with a 9v battery
Indeed, this little blue-lighted wonder will make you famous. Not unlike the &#34;Three Wolf Moon&#34; shirt, this little pedal will get you the ladies (or if you're a lady, it will likely get you the guys). Either way, it gets you what you want! On top of that, it does a great job of boosting your signal from your guitar and getting you just a bit of &#34;oomph&#34;. In particular, I find it helpful when I'm running a lower output guitar through a long cable. Did I mention it has a blue light? The only downside is that you have to open up the back (with a screwdriver, so put that on your shopping list if you don't have one) to adjust the little switches that chance the tone.
As soon as I kicked this pedal in at unity gain, the difference was obvious.  I am most please at the boost feature which is amazing for one important reason: the noise level is nothing like what I was expecting.  I keep my amp clean & I found that even at around 11:00 the noise was still almost unnoticeable. At noon & up it's there until you start playing but even then, it's still much lower that the guitar. There's also an almost expander/exciter FX going on which is very noticeable, especially when I compared it to my BBE FREQ BOOST. First rate pedal!
This is a very simple boost with a small footprint that fits nicely on the pedal board ... I like the simplicity and the ability to set the dip switches to my liking ... I find that with humbucker pickups it adds just the right, very slight tone coloration that both fattens up the sound and gives it just the right sparkle ... I don't use it much with single coils since they don't seem to benefit as much from the coloration or the treble boost ... it is a good pedal to have on board when you need that little something extra to get the right tone ... built solid ... a quality pedal that should hold up well ...
It just arrived to day and seems well-build.  Haven't tried it yet.
My always on pedal. This pedal's amazing. You really should try it yourself to understand. I'm using a Fender Jaguar, this thing is married to it. I'm serious, try it before you die!
I bought this boost to use in one specific situation. When playing a lead line with my bridge pick up with the tone knob all the way down, my volume drops quite dramatically. This boost does what it says it will do to remedy that, but it also seems to add a lot of noise. When the boost is off, my super high gain Fryette Deliverance 120 is very quiet when I just hold my hand over the strings. I'm using a 2010 LP Custom with a stock 490R pick up in the neck and 498T in the bridge. When I turn on the boost I immediately hear a lot of extraneous hissing and noise. When playing it isn't so bad, but I definitely am not used to so much extra noise. There are a couple of adjustment switches inside, and I haven't fooled with those yet, but I'm definitely going to do that. This boost will prob help guys with lower end gear get a better sound, but if you've already got pro quality stuff I don't see too much of an advantage here.
I have been tempted to buy this pedal for a long time after looking at all the rave reviews.I already have an MXR line booster at the end of my pedal chain into my amp. This serves to give back the lost treble and shimmer after a long cable run. Replacing that with the EP booster did not have a significant impact on my tone. Yes it was a little colored, but not too different from the line booster.If at present you have no boost after your pedals and have a long cable run, yes definitely this pedal will make a world of difference by adding the top end back to the signal. I didn't find it magical though, because I've always had a boost at the end of chain and this was not much different.I am going to experiment with it in the effects loop to add a boost during solos.
