Decent quality.  Cheap price.  We'll see how long it lasts.  But, for now, does the trick.  I think the odds of be becoming rich and famous have increased because of this stand.
This is a very good and stable stand. Light, strong, and very balanced. It makes my guitar feel secure. It is also ideal for travel since when folded can just be slipped into a small bag.
This is my favorite light weight guitar stand, simple and does the job.  I try to avoid the stands with lever locking mechanisms at the neck rest which are a pain in the arse when you are trying to switch guitars on the fly.  These are lightweight and collapsible so you can take them anywhere, and are sturdy enough for 'normal' use.  If you're a klutz no guitar stand will be sufficient unless it is encased in carbonite.
I have my 12 string on this stand when I'm taking a break from practicing (as you know, a case is where you should store your guitars, not on a stand). It is easy to assemble. You'll pay a lot more money for stands that do the job just as well as this one. if you're gigging, I might suggest a higher priced stand, but for occasional travel and home use, this will do the trick.
This guitar stand does NOT find hidden treasure. It does NOT hypnotize beautiful women. It does NOT fix your transmission. It does NOT tell your boss to give you a raise.It just holds onto your guitar when you don't see any reason to put into a case. It's sturdy, reliable and to the point. No gimmicks, nothing flashy. Just a guitar stand that is reasonably priced. If you need one, might as well be this one.
I bought 3 of these because of the ridiculously low price...I figured I'd get my money's worth from them regardless.  They work fine.  So well, that I thought I would buy a few more for the studio.  The price went up nearly 50% on them though.  BAH.
There are a fair number of similar tripod guitar stands out there for about the same cost.  If one of your pet peeves with some of these is that the U-shaped support falls out when you carry the assembled stand around, then you'll especially like the World Tour stand.  The way that the U-shaped piece inserts makes it far less susceptible to falling out. And, although it is, as one other reviewer put it, "minimalistic," this stand has a substantial feel to it.  I'm quite happy with this purchase, and would buy another World Tour again, rather than one of the other brands that I own.  Amazon.com did a great job, too, getting this out to me.
This stand is very nice, it is black and it does its job very well. It also has a strap on the top holder to secure the guitar when it is on the stand. It is like an added bonus.
I've bought quite a few guitar stands off of Amazon in the past few years, and I've paid for the most expensive ones and the cheapest ones, and this is the best one I've found yet. Very sturdy, well made, and fully height adjustable, with strong soft foam to protect your precious guitars from getting all scratched up. It states that cellulose finishes can be damaged, so at least it lets you know that ahead of time(most cheap stands don't), so that's a good thing as well. Don't waste more money than you have to for a good quality stand, grab this one!
This seems like a nice product, but maybe I'm doing something wrong.  I can't get the bottom guitar support to lock in place.  It twists around and that makes it a little hard to put the guitar in place.  Maybe there is something I need to do differently?
I got two of these for my electric bass and rhythm guitars.  Great little stands at a great price.  They are sturdy, easy to assemble and adjustable.  I'd suggest this to anyone needing a guitar stand.
I ordered two of these stands and they work very well! Definitely keeps my guitars a lot safer than having them leaning against things.
