I have been using Dunlop picks for a long time. Good feel, grip and not too heavy or thick. Good deal.
I prefer nylon picks because they have a softer feel on the strings to my ear - less "clicky" - than a standard plastic pick.  My favorites are Snarling Dogs Brain Picks which are very similar to these.  I guess when it comes right down to it these are essentially the same, I just have more of the Brain Picks at this point, so I use them more.  But these Dunlop nylon picks are excellent.  They're almost impossible to drop, they sound and feel just right to me, and they last seemingly forever.  Hard to go wrong with these if you like nylon picks.
I can't hear the sounds of the strings over the flick of these flimsy picks across them. better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast
Ever since I started playing the guitar, I've used the nylon Dunlop picks. They're better in a thicker size (1.0mm or larger) but the .73mm size is about the same thickness as a regular Fender pick. They're flexible and easy to pick with, but the biggest plus about the nylon picks is that they will NOT break. You'd almost have to melt one of these things with a lighter to harm it -- so one pack of them will last you yeeeeears.Also of note: the price keeps going up on these here on Amazon for some reason -- don't pay more than $3-4 for a pack of them, as you can get them at your local music store for about that.
I bought these because I wanted durable, flexible picks for easy strumming. I would recomend these to anyone that needs more stable strumming.
I like thin picks myself, and this one is VERY thin. You won'tuse it all the time, but every now and then it can be used in the right situation. If you are a player who is somewhat meat-fisted when it comes to playing and needs to take the edge off, it is ideal. Also, if you are doing very soft strumming on an acoustic guitar, it is awesome. No power chords with this little guy, but it is a good tool to have in the tool box when you need it. The non-slippery texture and it's grippy textured surface of Dunlops is what I love about them the most, it makes them easier to hold on to. I give them a thumbs up!
They're just great.  Awesome for chord based songs.  If you need to pick individual notes/strings, then you might want to go a bit thicker.  With that said, you can do it with these, but the tone is not as nice (sounds a bit softer).
I am a bass player so I like my picks to be a bit thicker and wider. I tend to Play with Fender 346 so I was pleasantly surprised when I found that this pick worked really well for me.
I would give these picks five stars, but I do have a couple of other types I prefer more.  Still, these are nice picks.  So far I've only used them on 12-string guitar, but I'll soon be trying them out on 6-string guitars.
They're very thin nylon picks. They're good for practicing the hand motions of strumming; they put up very little resistance, so they train you to keep your hand stable. I still sometimes play with them since they give a really nice bright tone, but I usually want something thicker in order to be able to flatpick melody lines in between strums. I also sometimes use them when practicing flatpicking, since flatpicking with a really thin pick reveals things about your body mechanics that you don't notice with a thicker pick.They're great for what they are (thin, flexible picks), and Amazon has the best price.
cant go wrong with Dunlop pick, they last and don't break. end up losing them verses breaking. This .38 mm is a bit soft for my liking, will go a size thicker next time~
These just don't have the right feel and the sound isn't that great compared to other materials.The quality control is so so. The picks aren't cleanly cut out they are injection molded and as a result they are left with a thin trim all around them.I'll stick with Dunlop Gator Grip .96mm or PRS 1.0 picks. For more flexibility or acoustic, I prefer Fender Medium Celluloid picks.
yes, i think you should try these.  if you're looking at them, then get them.  they are thin and flexible so i purchased them to develop my pick skills as i was a finger type guy w/o any pick experience.  i don't drop these and get a feel for where the sting is located w/o looking.
These have been my favorite picks, for decades now. They grip very well, and last forever, and they're a tiny bit more muted than other, more &#34;plasticky&#34; picks.
I've used the .60mm and .73mm Dunlop Nylon picks during my entire professional music career.  I rock hard. Acoustic, electric, and Bass!  I've tried almost every other pick on the market and they break far too easily.  Dunlop's Nylon picks don't break, and once you find the thickness that fits your needs, you'll find that they have excellent string attack and are easily kept in grip. I rarely ever drop one of these picks while preforming. Maybe 5 times in my entire career.  Buy these picks.
Im not loyal to brands on the whole but when I reach for a pick I hope this is the one I get. They wear out and get nicks so I have to remember to keep ordering them.Edit: Watch the Steve Vai interview where he shares his secret for restoring the edge of worn, nicked, picks. Rapidly,firmly wipe the pick edge against a carpet. The motion is as if you were trying to cut into the carpet with the edge of the pick, repeat 3 or 4 times and whadda u know! The edge is now smooth and nice.
I've been using Dunlop Nylons for almost as long as I've been playing guitar (twenty one years now). I find the .60's are just a bit too thin, but for more chord strumming style playing, such as playing rhythm, the .73's are perfect. They are flexible, but not flimsy. The tips will wear down after a while as with all picks. I estimate that a solid thirty to forty hours of playing is all you'll get with a pristine tip. However, they're definitely still usable after that. One other advantage these picks have is that they never break. So, i dont see how you can go wrong.
These Dunlop 88 mm picks are the right size, not to big or too small.  Been using these for years.  Always good to have extras on hand and put into the cases.  They never wear out.  They are not too stiff or too flimsy.  They work good for the sound on the strings.  Easy to hold on to.
I ordered these because I bought a variety pack of picks from Musician's Friend and there was one lonesome very thin celluloid pick in the pack. I loved how it quieted the strumming on my acoustic dreadnought, so I went on the hunt for very thin picks. The celluloid one fell apart quickly, so I wanted a better material.These white nylon picks should last a lot longer. The non-pointed end is all grippy (textured), so it doesn't work great if you like to use the more rounded corners of a pick, but it does the job and I like it. The pointed end is very thin and slides off the strings nicely, but you can still pick with it if you're combining picking and strumming.I'll keep using thicker picks for picking-only songs and for louder strumming, but for more mellow strumming and to keep from bothering other folks in the house, these are great.UPDATE: I've been using them for more than a year now, and they are pretty flimsy for picking notes in a mostly-strumming song... but you can do it. This is still my favorite pick for strumming. Hope this helps.
OK, so picks are a very personal thing to guitarists. I've been playing for about 30 years now and have used many different brands an types of pick. There is no 1 perfect pick for everything, depending on what your playing and your playing style you'll want to choose different thickness and materials. However, I have found this line of pick to be my favorite and my general goto pick. My hands sweat and the textured grips on these do a fantastic job of keeping the pick in my hand on not on the floor. I also really like the Nylon material. It produces a softer sound without dampening the overall sound or volume of the guitar. I like the playability of the .88mm as its great for strumming rhythm at loud volume or picking blues. I Keep a stack of .60mm for a more raw, folk like sound. In any case these picks are great and have been a staple in my kit for many many years and will continue to be.
These picks are nylon, so each one will last you a couple of years (as long as you don't lose them!!) this is thicker than the .60mm, so you can dig into the strings a little better, but still a hair flimsier than the Snarling Dogs .73mm picks (I know, they're the same size, but trust me these are &#34;flimsier&#34;), and the grip is ok. You can't go wrong here.
alright I got tired of forking over 30 cent a pick at my local guitar store for instant gratification and decided to get some more online, and let me tell you, these picks get the job done. don't expect to be playing metal with these as they are on the soft side but work well for casual playing along with some heavy palm mutes and stuff like that. a few of the tips broke off but I think that's my fault for playing too hard :) Great picks, would recommend to anyone.
I use the Dunlop .60mm nylon picks as my current standard,  but decided to give the lighter .38mm a try.  Unfortunately,  the volume they produce get completely swallowed up when accompanying singing with an acoustic guitar (especially in an outdoor picnic setting),  and basically unusable for that purpose.  However, I did find these were just the ticket for personal practice, allowing me to hear a  metronome or backtrack far easier.  So although they failed my original performance intention, 5 stars for filling a need I didn't even know I had.  :)
This nylon pick has great play feel.  It is stiff enough to pick individual strings and still feels comfortable stumming chords.
i like these kind of picks because they have some grip to them, normal picks i use slip out of my fingers some times but these dont.if you hate droping your pick while playing,get these.
