really you hate warm, sustaining, natural-tube overdrive; you won't like it at all. This is my favorite OD pedal that I have. I have compared it to the Vox ValveTone OD, the OD side of a EHX Germanium4 BMP, a EHX Linear Power Boost(my second favorite), an Ibanez TS5(90s model) and a Boss Fender Bassman FBM-1. They all have their uses but I find the MojoMojo to be the most versatile, warm and punchy OD I have. I pretty much use it as my base tone to push a lightly crunchy tube amp into overdrive. This thing really wants to sing to you. There are so many things going on in the mid to upper registers. That's not to say it doesn't have some serious punchiness on the low end, which it does; so much that there is a voice switch that will cut the bass a little to keep it from getting too flubby on the neck pickups. I pretty much leave that on all the time with humbuckers. Single coils really benefit from the round lows this pedal dishes out and I am guessing that's why there is the voice switch.The knobs/pots are nice and the bass/treble pots are notched at 12. Turning to the left cuts and to the right boosts. The drive goes from really clean and subtle, like a  mild boost, up to super drive territory. I actually prefer the sound of this pedal to a Fulltone OCD, it just sounds a little more livelier to me. I really like to push this pedal into the Fender Bassman pedal and get some seriously chimey bell-like highs with a medium crunch by setting it to a mild boost level and upping the gain on the FBM-1, as a third channel of sorts, and it sounds like a totally different amp stack.Like I said, this has become the base of my tone now in just the short amount of time I have had it. I was using the EHX Linear Boost to perform these duties before, and it performs well, but the soulful tone I get from the MojoMojo just adds the extra dimensionality that the pure boost doesn't. I play mostly original compositions but I am going for the Jeff Beck tone and this helps me get where I want to go.Of course none of this means I will stop buying OD pedals... |o)
There really is nothing not to like about this pedal..a) 2 band eq plus voicing switch gives better tonal control than most,b) then drive goes from clean to solid overdrive..c) level control provide from -ve to high +ve boost.With drive set to 3pm and level at 2pm this gives a solid classic rock drive with a les paul and a blues junior.. really nice, roll back the gtr volume and it cleans to a crunch, roll back the drive and control from clean to crunch with the gtr volume.highly recommended..
TC makes very high quality pedals, and this thing is built like a tank. I've had it for over 2 years and done many gigs, and a couple tours and all my TC pedals are in perfect condition. Now for tone, this overdrive is a light overdrive and works really well for me when I'm leading worship n my band, we play heavier music, so I was messing around with this overdrive so I could use it there as well, and I discovered that if you try to use it as a boost pedal, it makes your tone really muddy, but if you send a dirty tone (overdrive or light distortion) into it, it screams beautifully.
what can I say, this pedal has never left my pedalboard. is very versitable pedal. from a boast toalmost full out distortion that doesn't loose the sound of the buitar. cool pedal!!!!
I recently picked up the TC Electronic MojoMojo Overdrive at a steal of a price, but I'm evaluating based on its inherent quality relative to the retail price.  I own many different overdrives, including light overdrives in the "Tubescreamer", and some ones capable of getting a bit more raucous (Blues Driver, OCD, Joyo Ultimate Drive, etc.).  To me, this is closer to the Tubescreamer family, as it does better as a clean boost or light overdrive.  Actually, the separate knobs for Bass and Treble and its darker tone remind me a bit of the Digitech Bad Monkey.BUILD QUALITY - Outstanding.  It has an "MXR" style click button press, but the mechanism feels sturdy and built to last.  The 9V jack is on the top, out of the way of the I/O jacks.  The battery compartment opens with a unique oversized flat screw/button that you can easily get open with your fingers, or maybe a quick turn of a screwdriver.  The thing is dense and build solid as a rock.  I always appreciate the extra weight with pedals because lighter ones are less crush-resistant, and tend to get punted around by your cables.  Finally, the 4 knobs are built will with some force feedback, and several of them are actually notched to settle into the "12" position, which is a nice touch.TONE QUALITY - Obviously, the tone quality is the most subjective part of this review.  I would not be at all critical of a reviewer who gave this a "5" and absolutely loved it, as several previous reviewers did.  But based on the pedals I have used and my experiences with the MojoMojo, it feels more like a "4" to me.  The tone is very warm, almost to the point of being muddy.  Whether the mod switch is a "boost" or a "cut", the pedal is bassier in the "up" position.  Don't get me wrong, I definitely appreciate the abundance of low-end frequencies, but it might get some tweaking to get that high end to shine through.  I could also easily see it getting lost in the mix if you play with other instruments.  It does a nice job of adding a bit of gain and saturation to your tone without coloring it too much with different character.  However, if you'd like a similar effect with a much more expressive (and brighter) output, try the Mad Professor Sweet Honey Overdrive, or its "clone" companion, the Joyo Sweet Baby Overdrive.EASE OF USE/VERSATILITY - Many overdrives only have the single tone control, so I was excited to see controls for Bass and Treble.  Still, I feel like this is a pedal that could be great with some amps, and very muddy with others.  I will update my review if my feelings change, as I have a few different combinations I want to try out.  I feel that the preferred use of this pedal is as a stacked overdrive pushing some other type of overdrive or distortion.  This is much the way you would use a Tubescreamer.  I will say that it is one of the more "tube-like" overdrives I have tried.  Hit the notes lightly, and you get a clean, transparent tone.  Attack them harder, and the higher output from the guitar will push the overdrive and cause further breakup, much like a tube amp.  However, if your hope is simply to plug into the MojoMojo into a clean amp and expect classic rock tones, you may be a bit disappointed with it as a standalone overdrive pedal.
