I ordered three of these ...so far!Very affordable and good quality. Made in Canada.Keeps wireless unit very snug and tight.Easy in and out with Velcro retaining strap. (all leather.)I use the little plastic flat ring on the bottom to loop my strap through which keeps it tight against the guitar strap.The width of the slots are 1 inch and 1/16&#34; or approximately 27 mm wide. The leather will bend a little to allow a slightly larger and tighter fit.These are much better than I suspected and have a few expensive Levy's classic padded straps. They fit each other like a glove and are very high quality without getting ridiculous or gawdy.If you click on the item and go to the product page I have uploaded some photos of actual use and close-ups.
I purchased this item and immediatly noticed upon arrival that the slits in which the strap go into are way too small for a typical strap. Way too small, maybe like a third of the width. I just have a normal planet waves strap, and it does not fit. However, it does hold the XDS transmitter nicely and securely. So looks like I will have to get creative with duct tape or something.UPDATE:When attached with rubber bands to my planet waves strap, it stays on pretty snugly. But you need to attach it with something.
I really like it!!!!!  You have to have a Levy's strap to use this but since they are the most durable and comfortable I already own two of them. I never have to worry about the transmitter hitting the floor. I check the battery level when I am not playing, the strap goes over the leds, but that is a minor issue. Most good wireless transmitters only use one or two batteries. I always use new ones so I know I have way more juice then I need for my practice or whatever.This is very ruggedly made I think it will last for ever.
What's most impressive isn't the top-drawer leather and craftsmanship -- that goes without saying from Levy's.  it's the clever design, the way it fits onto almost any guitar strap, adjusts to almost any position, and adjusts to (almost) any small wireless transmitter.  transmitter, not receiver!
I like it that it fits well on my strap and that it has a good snug hold on the receiver
