Honestly, the strings are great. They sound great and they are (relatively) inexpensive for bass strings. I love them, and they will be what I buy the next time I change out as well. Highly recommended.
I like the strings. I'll be changing them soon though, because they have a really light sound and I like the smooth low sound. I like that these strings come with a code that allows you to determine whether they are authentic or counterfeit. Will buy these again.
My go-to string brand for any stringed instrument. Punchy round-wound tone, but very responsive to the tone controls for a more muted sound where required.
I bought a bass from this site, and as much as I love the thing, I'm not an expert.  I popped my E string over-tightening it when I was setting it up.  I replaced the factory strings with these.  I'm told it sounds better now.  I think so as well, but I can't quite quantify it.
I usually use the Pro Steels (by D'Addario)  but these sound and fit nicely with my Squire Fender P Bass. Amazon seems to have great prices and it's nice to have them delivered too.
These are super strings. They will last and last and last, and give you great sound. Easy to put on and tune.
I'm normally an acoustic guitar player but recently acquired my first electric ever.  It was used, and the strings were dismal sounding, so I bought these D'Addario EXLs.  They hold pitch beautifully.  My only complaint has to do with my guitar technique, not the strings.  Having used heavier strings forever on my acoustic guitars, the recommended lighter gauge recommended for the electric don't like my "heavy-handed" approach to pressing down the strings.  As a result, the highly bendable lighter strings become sharp up near the nut until I relax and enjoy playing with a very light touch.  It will take some getting used to -- or else I'll simply move to heavier strings and leave the lighter ones to lead guitarists who know what they are doing.  All of that said, the strings are pure joy to play.
I've used D'Addario's on so many different Guitar's the only opinion I can honestly give Ya is that They are the best. In the Studio or on Stage, They stay in tune and work very well with any pickup You are using. I put these on My Wife's Bass cause She is still learning and with a Fender Squire it sounds almost as good as a Precision Fender Bass. They stay true to the note so She will get to know what the pitch and note should sound like every time......
I have been trying to find the perfect gauge and this is it.  Tried 40-100 (too light and high) and 50-110 (too deep, not good for popping), but is right in the middle.  Perfect.
a solid favorite around my house. fat and deep, snappy when needed. you can definitly pay more, and you may want a more specific tone, but these are a safe bet that always sound good
Best articulate bass string for the money.  I have one of the first versions of the Fender Precision Lyte bass from the 90s.  I have started to use lighter strings to keep the neck from getting fatigued.  They sound great and stay in tune.  Sound like Rotosounds.....think Roger Glover, Geddy Lee, and Chris Squier.  Nice bright and deep sound with fingers or pick.  I am not a slap style player so I can't comment on that.  I set my action fairly high to keep every thing clean as possible. Try them, you'll like them and your bass guitar neck will be happy.
...strings I use D'Addario strings on my acoustic and electric guitars as well they are great.  They have a really nice sound and don't cost an arm and a leg...
I keep going back and forth between DR High Beams and these. My teacher really likes the High Beams, but these are half the price, and the tone is just great and, surely a new set of these are going to have more &#34;oomph&#34; than a set of High Beams I keep a little too long because they cost more. . .  Recommended.
Through my Ampeg bass amp, the low E string gets distorted when you push the bass control above 7, and the upper 3 strings sound kind of plain.
So these are  pretty great strings. Not much to say. The price is really good. About ten dollars a set which is really good.
