I did not think that an amp this size would sound good. Boy was I surprized. This amp out does my old Roland Cube 60.  THis amp is LOUD...VERY LOUD!!!!!  And the tone is adjustable from great cleans to nice heavy dirty sound. All in all a super amp.
The ZT Lunchbox is some sort of new technology that allows LOUD and GOOD sounding tone to come through a box the literal size of a lunchbox! I was amazed at how small the amp was when I first purchased it - tiny. Then I was amazed at how LOUD it could be and still have clean headroom. Others have reviewed and written about a hissing sound, but I have not had a problem with that. After trying it with 3 guitars (1 passive p/u's, 1 active p/u's, and 1 acoustic electric) it remains nice and quiet. I have been using it as a practice amp as well as in a band setting.Now here's the thing... it does NOT have a lot of bass frequency to it, but I noticed that setting it on the floor does help some, but still not enough if you're looking for that heavy metal "scooped" sound. So, I would not recommend it for you metal heads out there; however, for all you jazzers and rockers, the tone knob makes a big difference. I keep my tone at about a 9o'clock setting because I prefer a little darker sound and it has enough mids to cut through the mix nicely still.Bottom line... I would recommend this amp (obviously I gave it 5 stars). I don't think you will be dissappointed.
I have purchased several amps over the last 7 months (see the reviews). I attempted to move to tube amps becuase I wanted to set up a pedal board and dial in my own effects. And really, any reading you do on web pages will eventually take to tubes. I went Vox AC4 and realized I didn't want a tube that already has a defined and limited sound (no fault of the amp - I just had to experience it myself). I also didn't want a modeler impersonating a tube. I loved the Orange Crush, but it was totally unreliable.Enter the ZT. Holy-moley. The amp has limited gain available to give you traditional tube behavior. Nice break up, very reactive to your playing and literally miles of clean head room. But unlike those tube amps - my pedals can come into play and I can manipulate that clean sound at any level without losing a bit of clarity or depth. It also has an iPod jack, headphone jack and ambiance (i.e. make it sound kind of boxy). It does not model. Like the Crush or Roland Cube, it has it's own voice. I've heard it compars to a Fender Tweed in tone. I guess I can see that, but it still has it's own voice - which is important to me in any amp. I should note - an AC30 or Fender Twin or high end 1x12 Tube still are louder and much fuller. But we're talking $1000+ tube amps.I don't have the matching extension cabinet because I just don't need it. It is REALLY loud. I have a Mustang III and it gets destroyed by the ZT. At 75% volume on the dial, I can hit my DS-1 and actually make out the notes. That is something the Vox AC4 or Fender Blues Junior cannot do without getting muddy. It is fully giggable. I haven't played live with it yet, but in a rehearsel environment, keeping with a loud drummer is no issue. A friend plugged it into his Marshall 4x12 and it was thunderous. Really, just stupid powerful for $300.For blues, jazz or light rock, it's brilliant right out of the box. It not only can do medal with a pedal board, but check youtube for videos of the Lunchbox being played in a live setting by a metal band. It has tube power in 10 lbs with solid state flexibility. I would also encourage anyone to scour the net for reviews and video. You simply will not find a negative thing about the ZT Lunchbox anywhere. It really is a solid state aimed to take prefessionals away from their bigger, heavier, more expensive tubes. If you play effect laden music, boy are you going to have a hard time walking away from the ZT.If there is a drawback - $300 for a solid state amp that really needs external pedals to shine could be a turn off for some - especially for players looking for a swiss army knife for an amp. Roland, Fender, Line6 and others still have that niche dialed in.
Well this amp does have it's pros and cons, however the cons are overshadowed by the pros.Pros:1) Small!!!! 2) sounds like a big combo amp 3) makes overdrive pedals sound better 4) sustain 5) big bottom bass 6) HD construction and components. 7) I can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback. 8) it soundsREALLY good!Cons:1) yes, it "could" be louder 2) Not "bright"Now the details,  I have a tube combo amp and in comparison the ZT is a bit on the dull side as far as presence.Its not that it does not have it, just could use more. However this is made up for when you step on your overdriveor distortion. Solos just sing on this amp.  I feel like my guitar pickups and stomp boxes sound better. The ampcompliments your rig in some mysterious way.  I stopped using my combo amp all together because the sounds so good. I also kinda detect some what of a processed chorusy sound plugged straight in when I first turn it on (seems to go away). I know it is an analog path but has some digital modeling processing internally. It also seems to have a positive compression/pumping release that make the notes sing and get louder as they ring.Volume?  For a conservative band in a small room it fits the bill. Mic'ing for larger venues would work just fine.If you're in a LOUD band, you might consider plugging in an external cabinet as it does have that option. (darn I meant to test before this review). TIP- so on youtube and some other forums guys are making the amp louder by plugging a blank cord into the1/8" aux input on the back. I tested this and yes, it does go louder for whatever the reason. (I'll be getting a blank 1/8"jack to put it that aux port) A small but very noticeable volume increase. If you need to be LOUDER then I suggest the larger ZT, but its double the price. A friend of mine has one and he no longer uses his mesa boogie or marshall amps anymore. The 12 club ZT is super loud.I can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback.1-100 I rate this a 98% gear head satisfaction. Remember we are talking about a lunchbox with a 6.5" speakera tremendous feat of technology to get that much sound out of a little box.Check it out the reviews on youtube.PART II -Ok, the extension cabinet option: Hooked up a 8 ohm cab and it sounded bigger and louder. However do NOT use the internal speaker together with the extension cabinet - Turn the switch off. It WILL overheat the amp and start acting weird. I found out the hard way, verified with the manual that you should shut off the internal speaker. I would assume that at a low volume you could conceivably use both. You'll know if you touch the back of the amp and its more than warm, but I would not recommend it.
I have been using a ZT Lunchbox Amp for about a year.  Blindfolded you won't confuse it with a Marshall stack or a blackface Deluxe but for a small, portable, solid state amp it works as advertised.  People that say it is loud aren't kidding but there are limits.  The sound from the 6.5" speaker requires some space to develop.  Up close it can be painfully loud but the sound is rather directional and it lacks bass.  I use mine for practice at home and for low-volume band rehearsals.  I played it once on stage, mic'd through a PA, but wasn't happy with the sound and switched to a tube amp with a 12" speaker.To me it sounds best with humbuckers but I've played single coil guitars (Fender and Gibson) through it with usable results.  If you are after clean volume you might be disappointed.  It only gets so loud before distortion (and noise) becomes annoying.  Players that use a lot of distortion (e.g., Metal) will get a lot more out of this amp than players that need cleaner sounds at volume.  While the ZT Lunchbox isn't as versatile as some other small amps, it is great for a "one trip" load in at rehearsals.One thing to consider is adding the matching ZT extension cabinet.  It makes a big difference in two ways: two 6.5" speakers move more air and the doubled speaker cone area helps thicken the sound.  Also, because the speakers can be angled and separated the area covered by the sound is increased.  This is a big help at rehearsals.  I point one cabinet towards myself and the other into the room.  I've tried using a guitar speaker cab, a PA speaker, and a PA floor monitor as an extension speaker but the ZT extension cabinet sounds best to me.  It's the same size as the ZT Lunchbox and they thoughtfully put the handle on the back so you can stack them.For an ultra-portable guitar (or harmonica) amplifier that can get decently loud the ZT Lunchbox is hard to beat.  But if you are particular about tone you might find that a lower wattage practice amp with a 12" speaker works better.
This is an overpriced item. That is my only complaint. There's enough reviews on here that state the obvious. It is small, it sounds good, and can keep up with a little jazz trio by itself which is amazing. HOWEVER I have to say I'm super uber pissed that the day after I bought this amp at sam ash for $450 it dropped to about $250. How does an amp just come down half price over night? I mean, what kind of scam was this company running if they can afford to stay in business and sell them half the price than they were originally marked at? It's like the blue blocker sunglasses. On TV They're sold for $80. 6 months later you can get them in the barging bin for $2 at CVS. This is not ethical business, this is trying to get as much as you can from your customers with no regard to true value.. PS the ambiance was a better feature than newer verb processors.Edit: Just read another guy who gives it 5 stars because it can be "used as a weapon to knock someone out." Not sure if this amp deserves the 5 stars it is getting, and certainly not because it can bludgeon someone to death in an alley. I stand by my logically opinions of this item. ZT should not have sold this for $450 in the first place. It inadvertently turned customers like me off to the company name.
I've been playing with my brother's Lunchbox and when he first plugged in for a jam at his house I thought he was joking. This amp can easily cut through drums, even in the close confines of his practice studio. Granted, I am not a heavy hitter, but we were messing around with come classic rock from the early 60s and this amp at three on the volume knob was plenty loud.The tone is very good, but not exceptional. It's not as clean as a Fender or Jazz Chorus, but it's still better than many of the amps I've listened to. If you want to make this a spectacular tome machine plug aBoss FBM-1 Fender '59 Bassman Pedalinto it.About the quirks. The ambiance knob is no substitute for reverb. It does give a hall-like sound as you increase it, but was designed to simulate an open back amp more than a true effect. The gain controls the input signal to the amp, and according to the manual is more like a soft overdrive. The volume level is solely controlled with the volume knob with the gain knob playing no real role in how loud the amp gets. Finally, the speaker switch on the rear is for turning the internal speaker on and off, not the speaker out circuit for routing the signal to an external cab. That means that you can use ths amp as a head by turning the 6.5 inch internal speaker off, or have it active with a cab as a set of external speakers in addition to the internal one.Plugging phones into the headphone jack will NOT turn off the internal speaker. You need to do that with the speaker switch. Personally I love that feature because you can also use the phones jack as an output to a PA with the amp's internal speaker still active.You definitely need to follow the instruction manual, and especially the advanced user's guide, or you may be initially disappointed. My brother returned the first unit he purchased because there was a pop when it was turned on or off, as well as a slight hum when it was idling. The replacement amp exhibited the same problems. However, if you follow the manuals (plural) you can prevent both problems. I mentioned quirks - the power on and off procedure and positioning the gain knob to the mid level are the keys to smoothing the amp out.Bottom line: this tiny amp packs a punch and has sound characteristics that have to be heard to believe. If you want true reverb you will need to plug in a pedal (check out theBoss FRV-1 63 Fender Reverb Pedalif you haven't already), but for small venues and practice rooms the ambiance feature is probably all you need. Do take the time to read the documentation before you start using it because when this amp is properly used it's simply amazing.
Let me preface this review by saying that I am not a professional musician, but I have some experience with guitar amplifiers and sound reinforcement equipment. I bought this amp for a couple of reasons- I wanted a combo that was light in weight, easy to move,store, and carry, and also was clean sounding and slightly loud. I can get the sound level I want out of this amp without turning the volume knob up more than 1/4, but if I ever want more, there's plenty of headroom there. It is definitely a clean, noise-free amp at moderate sound levels, and I can add effects through my Line6 Pod Pro if I want to, like more drive, reverb, etc.. As far as durability goes, I've only had it for a day, so I can't say. It has a year warranty period. Price through Musiciansfriend was good, I buy everything for music through them( no offense to Amazon). It's solidly built . All in all, a beautifully designed and executed product. Thanks, ZT!Update- 3/1/12 So far, so good! I've played through the amp for a couple weeks now, and it's great. Clean, low noise, I'm used to the controls and love the sound of it. No need to even use my Pod Pro. I'm now thinking of adding an extension speaker cab of my own design, using Eminence Designer software and an Eminence Commonwealth 12" guitar speaker. Also considering the Lunchbox extension cab. I don't really need more volume but a 12" speaker might change the sound enough to where I like it, although I like the sound through the 6.5" speaker it comes with. Always experimenting with my sound. To think some people buy $2000 tube amps, wow I'm not that kind of expert!Update- 3/10/12 I hooked the amp up to a JBL PA cab, and it really rocked! The JBL 15" woofer in the cab had a lot more bass, so I adjusted the ZT tone to give the signal more treble to compensate. Hooking up an external speaker is definitely a way to get more volume if so desired. Now thinking about an Eminence Deltalite 12" neodymium speaker in a 1 cu. ft. As an extension speaker.
