I use this adapter to connect my electric guitar and my acoustic guitar to my computer and IT WORKS PERFECTLY!!! Very minimal buzz... LLLOVE IT!!!
If you are like me, my research for a guitar connection to my iPad left me with choosing between the iRiffport and the Jam.  I recently purchased, and then returned, the iRiffport.  I am very pleased that I purchased the Apogee Jam as a replacement.  Here are the reasons why:1) The connector on the iRiffport (the one that goes into the iPad) is not a strong connection at all; it feels as though it could disconnect at any time.  I have a stand to put my iPad on when jamming such that the iPad is in landscape mode, so the cord feels as though it will come out of moved the wrong way.  With the Apogee Jam, the connector is just like the iPad's connector, except it ALSO has the "prongs" that come out of it, securing the connector into the iPad.  To remove the connector from the iPad, you need to squeeze the buttons on the connector to make the "prongs" go in so it can be removed...very, very secure.  I use the "Gumdrop" case on my iPad, which has a flap that goes over the charging port when not being used.  This flap feels pretty tawt when it is open while the charging port is being used.  IMPORTANT:  if you have such an iPad case, like me, I certainly feel that the Jam will provide a much more secure connection to your iPad over the iRiffport.  In fact, the structure of the iRiffport connector was so large, that I felt that it did not fit well through my case.  On the other hand, the Jam's connector is the same small size as the iPad's original connector.  This is also something to consider if you intend to use your iPad in portrait mode on a stand with the connector on the bottom of the iPad.2) Probably the largest reason I prefer the Jam over the iRiffport:  you can hear sound directly from the iPad.  With the iRiffport, you MUST use headphones or attach external speakers.  I tried headphones with the iRiffport and playing the guitar was very awkward.  Nonetheless, with the Jam, I could attach headphones or external speakers to the iPad if I chose to do so.  I wanted something that could make my iPad an amplifier for easy mobility around my house, without having to purchase another amplifier or external speakers.  With the Jam, I have this.3) The Jam has a gain meter (i.e., an LED) and a gain control.  The iRiffport does not.  When not being used to measure the level of the incoming audio, the LED lets you know if you are connected to the iPad, but not to any software (blue light), or if you are connected to the iPad AND to a software application (green light).  There are no batteries needed for the Jam or the iRiffport.4) I personally like that I can use my own guitar cord with the Jam.  If the cord breaks, I simply replace the cord, not my iPad connection device.  The iRiffport uses its own cord, and the connection to my guitar did not feel as strong as my "normal" guitar cable I used with the Jam.5)  Although a fairly minor point, it is nice to know that the Jam is advertised by Apple (look at their website and their Garageband video).  And, since I have Garageband on my iPad, I was pleased to see that the advertising material on the Jam states specifically that it works with Garageband.So far, I'm very pleased with the Jam.
Can't believe they are still selling these things at full price with the old 30 pin connector.  I have lots of pads but none still have the old style connector.  This is now a boat anchor.  To buy a 3 meter cable from them, they charge $40 for the cable, $15 to ship it and then tax.  The extortion here is almost Monster cable like.  These folks should be embarassed.
This gadget works fine to connect an electric guitar to an iPad or iPhone or a computer, but the particular one I received has a defective input socket for a 1/4 inch audio plug.  It doesn't snap in place.  Just sits there waiting to let the plug slide out.  That makes it fairly useless.  I may have simply gotten a defective one.
My only reluctance about getting this was I thought the price was a little higher than it needed to be but I unboxed and connected this little dealie up and it does exactly what it says it does: it gets down my guitar tracks in iPad and sounds terrific so the $99.00 price tag isn't such a big deal.  NO learning curve, simply connect the included cable from the Jam to your 30-pin iPad dock, plug in your guitar, pull up GarageBand, select an amp, click on the icon in GarageBand that shows the guitar cable end, then select "On" for monitoring, hit record and start jamming, man - that is ALL there is to it.  I've not been one to record on computers for a long time, preferring instead to use such things as Fostex 8-track recorders, Behringer mixers, Digitech effect pedals, etc. but this is going to change all that.  Awesome product with excellent sound quality and could not be simpler to use.  UPDATE:  I mentioned a Behringer mixer above (Xenyx 802). I discovered that this Apogee Jam will take the signal routed (standard guitar type 1/4 in. cable) from the Behringer's control out (L- mono) thus allowing you to use the mixer for multiple inputs, both microphone & guitar. The sound quality doing this is excellent, I've recorded a guitar and vocal track and it worked beautifully.  You just have to be careful not to overdrive the Jam. Consequently, my opinion of the Apogee Jam is even higher than it was when I wrote my initial review in March.  I may not even need that Focusrite box now!
I really can't say enough positive things about the Apogee JAM.  Not even 3 years ago, I would have considered recording into an iPad or iPhone to be a &#34;novelty&#34;, and the interface products that most people use to hook up your guitar as &#34;gimmicks&#34; or &#34;toys&#34;.  Now, as of 2013/14, we have so many quality modeling programs, recording DAW's, and AudioBus to connect them to one another.  Whether you're a budding professional, or just a hobbyist aiming to record your own covers, the Apogee JAM (usually around $99.99) deserves a serious look.PROS -Extremely easy to use and widely compatible --&#62; No batteries required.  You get a small plastic converter with an 1/4&#34; input (for guitar cable) on one end and a digital output for 30-pin connector, Lightning, or Mac cables, all of which are included.  Virtually any serious guitar recording app in iOS (GarageBand, Agile AmpKit, AmpliTube, JamUp XT) will recognize and work with the Apogee JAM right out of the box.Crystal clear digital sound --&#62; The sound quality you get through the digital input is markedly better than using the headphone jack as an input.  You'll hear your guitar as it's meant to be heard, and with far less hissing and junk in the background.Considerably less feedback --&#62; This was actually the primary reason I decided to upgrade.  My Positive Grid JamUp Plug wasn't disappointing me in sound quality, but there was so much additional noise that went with it, it would easily cause my modeling amps in Agile AmpKit+ to feed back.  High gain settings (even something basic like a Marshall JCM900) were practically unusable.  Even with clean settings, I had the noise filter turned WAY up, and that still didn't thwart the feedback issues.  The Apogee JAM cured ALL of that instantly.  When I first plugged it in, I wasn't even sure it was on because I expected to hear constant hissing in the background.  What I assumed was a fault of the software was actually due to a poor interface.  The JAM's improvement in avoiding feedback, alone, made it worth its price.No &#34;crosstalk&#34; - When you do multi-track recording with a headphone jack splitter, you get a bleed-over effect referred to as cross-talk.  Basically, you are using the headphone input to monitor and play along with your track, but due to poor circuitry, this also gets fed back into the &#34;armed&#34; track you are recording.  Some people are bothered by this more than others, but it makes quality multi-track recording quite challenging.  I haven't noticed any of that using the Apogee JAM whatsoever, since it is a digital connection.  (You can still monitor your playing using the iPad's headphone jack separately, obviously).Gain control and LED gauge --&#62; Not a feature unique to the JAM, but I love how it's implemented.  When you first plug in the device, the LED light is blue to show that it is hooked up, but not being utilized by software.  Once the input is active in software, the light becomes green.  However, as you play and hit harder notes, the light may change to yellow/orange, or even red.  If it is getting into the red, your input level is too high, and may overdrive the signal.  You adjust this right on the JAM using a roller dial.  I tend to aim for a setting where the light is largely green and starts to touch yellow only in the more aggressive parts.  Works well.CONS -Price point is a little high --&#62; Admittedly, I wasn't thrilled about having to spend $99.99 for what I was already doing with a $20 headphone jack.  That being said, I researched all of the alternatives and repeatedly heard that this was the best.  If I knew it would be as good as it is, the price would have been of little concern.  Also, there aren't really any quality DIGITAL options that are significantly cheaper.Lightweight plastic design --&#62; I actually have no problem with the build quality of the JAM, or that it is made out of plastic.  At the same time, the fact that it is relatively lightweight means that your guitar cable may pull it off of a table.  I also would not advise stepping on it if it happens to fall on the floor.  But they do include two velcro strips to fasten it, and it's a problem you can address with common sense.Highly recommend the Apogee JAM.  It's a mid-level priced device that services everyone from complete amateurs to recording professionals.
What was thought to be a DOA model, ended up being a mistake on my behalf. My iPhone 4S, which I have had for about a year now, must've had enough damage and wear to the dock connector so that it works fine...unless trying to use the JAM.In The Box: Comes with a simple instruction manual that has about three steps.It comes with the JAM and two cables (USB and IOS). It is bigger than I had imaginedIt's almost the length of an iPhone. Feels nice, and is very light. The cords aren't very long.
