I used to buy a lot of wire form these guys.... However, you need to be careful and test everything you get from them on an XLR cable tester.I didn't believe it myself...I read another reviewer had an issue with XLR cables being wired incorrectly from pin to pin. So I took my handy cable tester and went through about a dozen cables.I got through only 4 monoprice cables before I found one that was miss-wired. Now I will be checking all of them for sure.Not a good start though.Glad the other reviewer made that discovery and passed it on.I suggest everyone check their monorpice cables. The testers are very cheap and may show problems you weren't aware of.
I use this cable to run from the balanced XLR outs on my digital piano to the balanced TRS inputs of my audio interface.  It works perfectly and there is plenty of length in it.  I am happy with the build quality and would recommend this to anyone.
I use these cables in my home, hooked up from my audio interface to my monitors. They appear to be very well built and sound just fine. I have had them for several months and they are working perfectly. Highly recommended for the price.
Perfect cable for using with my small behringer 4 channel amp to plug into my mic slot on my small mixer. high quality and great sound.
The coversion cable didnt work. t is  axlr to UBS cable. I have the red  blinking light syndrome also. But I learned awhile back dont try to fix something you paid for Send it back. So izm Thanks HDE for wasting my time. Go sell your snake oil to someone else.........
I wanted to use these cables for my acoustic/electric guitar.  They are a little short for that appicaton (my fault though).  They seem to be built well but I'd say in comparison to other cables I've used for my applicaiton, the sound is average.  These will work in many applications and might be satisfactory to most.  If you are a performing musician, you would do better to look at higher quality cables for best sound quality and lowest noise.
