A Little History:I have been a guitar player for forty-odd (some of them, VERY odd) years.  For the first thirty of them, I tuned by ear - starting by guessing at what a low E sounded like, then tuning the other five strings by fretting, listening and tuning.  I could never understand why the tuning often sounded perfect for one chord, yet remained `off' for others... it took quite a long time to get it right.  Then, about ten years ago, I thought I had figured it out.  The problem (I thought) was that my guesses at a true "E" were off - so I got myself an "E" tuning fork (320 cycles) and used it to tune the first string.  Then, I did as I had always done - fretted and tuned the other five. Not much better as a result - kept having to tune and retune for quite a while to get all chords to sound right.  During those years, I tried tuning all six strings to (what I believed was an accurately tuned) piano as well as by ear to tones available online.  Nothing gave me better tuning on the first try.  Then, I saw an ad for a Chromatic Tuner and lightening struck.The Realization:There have been many -  each of which has led me closer to what I have now - near perfect tuning on the first go `round!  First off, I realized that when we say "E", that is not just one note.  It is a range of literally hundreds - perhaps even thousands- of specific tones.  The same is true for every note.  This is akin, I guess, to the realization as a child, that no matter how many shades of `blue' are in a box of crayons, the chanced of having the precise shade you want for a specific drawing are rare.  Purchasing my first Chromatic Tuner (a CT440, manufactured by SwitchMucic and sold through MusiciansFriend.com) moved me a long way along the continuum of learning and accurate tuning.  However, that tuner had at least two limitations. Firstly, it's construction is rather light and flimsy - it works OK, but has a second limitation that conaused me to buy the Korg (for about the same price)  That is that the Korg has a built in tone generator and speaker allowing the option of tuning that way rather than having only the single option of having tones made by the instrument read and metered back to you.  Both tuners have plug-in for electric instruments, and, so far as I can tell, their accuracies are similar.  I prefer the Korg for the reasons I have mentioned.  Additionally, the Korg can be manually recalibrated for special tuning needs - and `remembers' the original tuning/tones so you can return to it for more `standard' usage. A nice, extra piece of flexibility. The LCD meter is easy to read and colored lights tell you, right away, whether you are sharp, flat (and by how much!) or right on!As a point of surprising interest, the tuning fork I had used for years turns out to be profoundly FLAT! A shock to me - given that I had grown up learning that tuning forks gave off perfect tones! I have saved it as a reminder that all things are not what they are promoted to be. I guess the round pitch pipe that Ms. Sweeny used to tune up the class in the 5th grade was probably not quite as precise as she would have presumed!And Finally:This is a marvelous little (and inexpensive) device - well constructed, accurate and flexible to allow for many different tuning need situations and circumstances.  I assume that there will be still higher places for my `learning curve' in this area to rise to - but for right now, this is it.  I am using it, regularly, on all my stringed instruments (two six-string Martins, a twelve string Epiphone and a frailing banjo.  The time it saves tuning the 12-string alone makes it more than it's own price!)If you have not discovered Chromatic Tuning (maybe I really WAS the last one to discover these things!?), I suggest you do so immediately and spend your time enjoying the pleasures of making music rather than sitting in frustration trying to adjust the tunings by ear so it sounds `really' right. Perhaps people with `perfect pitch' can do very nicely without a Chromatic Tuner - I am not one of them. Are you?
It is inexpensive but is difficult to use  anywhere with other noise..I used it for several years but it is only a backup now.. Nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning, although probably would not be used by most musicians.. Other than that I think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner.. I would not recommend it.
This is a nice little tuner. It is small, easy to read and use. It has a non-backlit LCD display of an analog VU style meter, with extra marks at plus and minus 20 cents, and red LEDs that light when a tone is sharp or flat. It has a green LED and large mark for being on target. It has a built-in mic for acoustic instruments, and a mono 1/4 inch phone jack for electric instruments. It has an active tone you can switch on for tuning, but that is only adjustable over the narrow range of 410-480hz. It uses a pair of AAA size batteries that you pop the whole case open to change. If you have any vision problems, the display might be an issue. The LCD is about 1 1/2 inches long and 3/4 of an inch high, and, like all non-backlit LCD displays, has a narrow viewing angle and reflection issues.I wanted this for tuning didgeridus that I was making, and it works adequately for that. The one thing it is lacking that disappointed me is a frequency or octave readout. As it is, it gives you the note and cents sharp or flat, but does not give an octave number or frequency of the sound. So, you know you are tuned to a C, you just don't know exactly which C it is. Probably not much of an issue if you are tuning a regular instrument, but in some cases would be very handy to know. I suppose with more training and experience, I could learn to tell that by ear. (What? Learn a skill! Isn't that asking a bit much?)I suppose for an inexpensive tuner, that is the trade-off, but it does detract from the usefulness of this tuner for my purposes. Other than that, it seems to work well. It is consistent, easy to use, and compact. I consider it about average in value - it does the basics well but is missing what I consider an important function in such a device. I may be expecting too much for the price, as I have not done an exhaustive study of tuners and their specs. Having the octave feature would make it 4 stars for me instead of three.In any case, if you don't need to know the actual octave or frequency but just the accuracy of the notes you are tuning, this works quite well, and is not very expensive.
What can I really say! Tunes my entire arsenal.From. Cigar Box Guitar, 3 string Strummers, Tacoma Papoose, andmy brand new Laguna 6 string..Getting ready to make few Uke's and it will Tune them also..Need a all n one Tuner, buy this or an I-Phone? The Korg is the perfectTuner..
I've had two of these tuners. They are well known among bass instrument players for being able to lock in on the lowest pitches better than most other tuners. They're durable and have a long battery life. Unlike most other tuners, in noisy environments they don't lock in on higher pitches before lower ones, again a plus for low instrument players.The one problem that I've had with these tuners is that one of them had to be set to A-439 to tune pitches that other tuners recognized as A=440. Strange.
this tuner is easy to use.  I like that it has the input jack for electric guitar as well as acoustic.  It makes it so much easier.  this is my first tuner in a long time and I'm please with it.
