I have never played a string instrument... and it looks like I'll be able to get the hang of this very quickly. Only problem is the strings. Sting one ... play's &#34;dead&#34; meaning it will not stay in-tune. Not sure if the knot is slipping or it is the string type that is the problem. Have another set of strings [better quality] and will try that set soon.
This is a great package for beginners. I never played a ukelele before but I learned to play guitar many years ago.  I have no idea on how to tune a ukelele so I downloaded an app called "Easy Ukelele" available in Amazon and Google Playstore for free.  That is the only ukelele tuner I can recommend for beginners as it actually listens to your Ukelele and tells you when your device is in tune. I purchase this as gift to my son's 5th birthday that is coming up in 2 weeks so I have not yet preview the DVD and CD that came with it. I did however, checked and played with the ukelele while my son is at school, sleeping or playing outside to make sure that it is properly working when he open the box on his birthday and before the return period runs out.My Review:1. The Package: The box comes with the Ukelele, Beginners Manual, DVD, CD, carry pack, and 2 extra set of Ukelele strings. Tuner is not included so I advise that you either buy a tuner or download the "Easy Ukelele" app I mentioned above.2. The Ukelele:  The Ukelele looks and feels decent. It has a sticker that says made in china. It comes pre-strung but it is out of tune.  I tuned it using the app I downloaded but it would not hold a tune. It is very bad that the sting gets out of tune before you even finish tuning all the other strings.  Basically, the ukelele sounded like an out of tuned toy when you first take it out of the box and even after a few adjustments.  Since the string is nylon, I gave it a chance to settle. I would tune it really sharp and leave it alone for at least 10 minutes or more then pick it up and strum on it and push the string from side to side.  I actually position the tuner pegs horizontally so I can see if it is moving when the string gets more tension. The tuner pegs stays in place so I know that the problem is with the string.  It could be that the string included is a cheap one.  After doing this a few time on day 1, I was able to play my first song I grabbed from the book (Clementine).  But after 1 song, you have to tune it again.  I just repeat what I did for the next 2 days, tuning it sharp and leaving it alone and play songs. Yesterday morning I tuned it sharp before leaving to work and when I came back in the afternoon, I checked the strings and they are still tuned to the same key I left them in the morning. I played with it for at least 10 minutes just trying to learn the music from the book and I was able to play at least 4 songs without any problem.  This morning, I checked the note again and they stay close to the G-C-E-A range. I could see this improving more as the ukelele gets used more. Even if I have to tune it every day  I would not have any problem with it.So, for the reviews complaining about the device being out of tuned, just give the string a try to settle. This are cheap string that they included here and it will take time to settle in. Or you can buy a better quality string that costs around $9.00 for a set.  Another place you can check is the tuner, make sure that it does not get pulled back when the strings tension. If it would not hold its place then just grab a philips screw driver and tighten it a little.  That is an easy fix.2. The String: As I mentioned above, it is a cheap string that needs a lot of adjusting until it settles. Even if you buy a  good quality strings, I am sure that it will also need a few adjustment in the beginning. It comes with 2 extra set in case you accidentally snap the one that is already installed. The problem is that the extra set does not have a label so you have to eyeball it.  From some research I found online they said that the Thinnest string will be the A string. The second thinnest is the E string, The thickest is the C string and the second thickest is the G string. The extra string package says "Gangia Brand" on it so I assumed that that is the brand of the string.3. The Book: I just scanned the book and I could tell that it is written well for beginners. The songs included progress from only needing 2 chords in the beginning and they add more chords on the succeeding lessons. Each song have a chart on which chord you will use.4. The Case:  The case will protect your ukelele from dust, water and from getting dirty while you are transporting it but will definitely protect the device from being damage in case of a drop.5. The DVD's and CD's: I have not tried the DVD and CD's yet but the DVD's I believe will have the lesson and the CD will have the songs on the books so you can listen to it and have an idea on how to play the songs on the book. I will come back and edit this item once I get the chance to watch the DVD and listen to the CD.Overall. This is a great price for the package.
well I found the lesson very good and worth the money I payed as far as the instrument it self found it to be sub par would of payed a few dollars more if the instrument was better quality but the lesson is great
This is such a cute little instrument, my daughter loves it and the sound is good.  The only downside is that it doesn't stay tuned for very long.  We always have to go and re-tune it, which can be frustrating.  But otherwise it seems well made, it looks great and when its tunes, the sound is good.  Its not multi-hundred dollar instrument, but for kids and beginners its a good deal.
Please don't listen to these amateurs talking about how the strings wouldn't keep tune. They don't know anything about stringed instruments or nylon strings. You have to keep tuning it until the strings stretch. Like all instruments, the strings have to stretch, especially with nylons, so be patient. It only took me about half an hour. It clearly states STARTER pack, so obviously its not going to be a high quality ukulele, especially because of the price. These people just do not know how to read. It has a great sound, but the 'lightweight gig bag' definitely is lightweight. If you want real protection, I would recommend getting a hard case or something along the lines. it is a great buy though, considering the price. I highly recommend this product.
Love the ukulele,  and the book is okay,, shows cords but the songs are very outdated,,  you tube is your friend when learning the uku...Update : I got a tenor uku for Xmas adn bought a concert uku just because, I love them both more than this little guy although it does travel with me and I just forked out money for a hardshell case so it wont get beat up as much in my suitcase by American Airlines,( just ruined my suitcase)anyhow,  it has been going out of tune for awhile now ( c string fattest one)  and I just figured out my bridge is lifting, there are two rivets holding it down and there is a board inside although not a very thick one,,will be putting a new piece on the inside and some good wood glue under the bridge and let it dry,,,  if the bridge falls apart again, I will be smashing the box and making a Banjo uku with the neck,,if you think you are really going to like playing, go for a concert or tenor,,  if you are liking the size spend a bit of money, this is pretty much the same as my grand daughters 20 dollar ebay ukulele I bought myself 4 years ago and gave to my 3 yo grand daughter because that one too would not stay in tune.
My hubby and I decided we wanted to learn to play the uke, so we ordered this set based on decent reviews.  Wonderful.  We learned to play thanks to this kit.  While the instrument itself certainly isn't of high quality, it is more than adequate and has a good sound.  The real jewel in the crown 'tho is the instruction book.  Fab! It is highly informative, easy to follow, and has some good songs in it.  I still use it for reference and do not pick up my uke without that book nearby.
