Joyo continues to surprise me. This thing is all metal, looks very sleek, is true bypass, and all around works well.The individual bands actually light up, which is pretty cool.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was they forgot to drill a hole for the power indicator led left of the footswitch. You can see the led on nearly every other Joyo pedal for an idea of how it should look. However it doesn't even show up in the product picture on amazon. It wasn't a big deal, I just drilled a little 1/8&#34;ish hold and it fits through.
EQ is great but good luck changing the battery - Lid is too small (or I just have big hands - LOL
For the price, this lil guy does the job.  I got this to add to my pedal board and it seems to do a good job boosting the mids and highs that seem to get lost in the pedals and cables.  The pedal is somewhat cheaply made, the jacks don't really seem to fit the housing so well, but i do have it somewhat semi-permanently fixed to the board so i do not think that this will be an issue.
I was hesitant to pick up an overdrive or delay from Joyo but took a chance on the EQ.  I really like this pedal and it does exactly what it should.  I use it mostly as a boost with a slight shaping of the EQ but it can be used to get a scooped sound, mids boost, hi/lowpass or whatever you need.  It's a quiet pedal and claims to have true bypass.  When the pedal is engaged the 6 lights for each band come on and they seem sturdy enough.I would just subtract a star because it seems a little strangely designed.  Not the performance side of the pedal as far as I can tell, but for example, the "N" on the "IN" label on the right is backwards, and it comes in a weird box with plenty of Engrish so I'm skeptical as to how it will hold up to being stomped on.  Time will tell, but for now it seems like a great box for the money.
I like the amount of frequencies available for adjustments- I run this through a Furman pedal board and there is little to no noise - for the money this is a good product-
Alright, it was $30 not $130 - I already had a pretty low expectation bar so would say it gets the job done but not the most &#34;sound-sculpting&#34; investment you could make. As a mid range, lead boost it serves a very practical purpose though.
true bypass, doesnt color your sound at all when turned offzero noise, none at allvery useable bands, and useable amounts of gain50+ years as a gigging guitaristmy ears have always liked a lot of midsunfortunately, most amps and modelers consider &#34;mids&#34; to be a much higher frequency than what i consider mids to bei love a nice &#34;bump&#34; in the 800 mhz frequency and this pedal delivers that perfectly.great pedal at a great price
For not a whole lot of money it does what more expensive EQ pedals do. Its well made and sturdy with a metal body.
