This is a cool gadget.  I love experimenting with adjusting the power level on various pedals.  It can do some strange things and get unique sounds.
I purchased this to replace my other adapter that didn't work. Whereas, this does the job. I'm happy I purchased this and didn't have to invest in purchasing 9V batteries every time I wanted to play guitar.
You know the problem with 9v wall warts is that noise in the signal can be a problem.  I am powering my 9 unit pedal board with this adapter and it works great.  I have used it some at lower voltages, but only on my older analog pedals.  I wouldn't reccomend running digital effects at reduced voltage.  The cord is a little wimpy compared to my Boss PSA adapter, but it is acceptable.
This power supply is advertised as having the capability to power multiple pedals. That's good to know, but since I plan on using it to power only one pedal, it works fine for me. The variable voltage settings give you some interesting effects. I am very pleased with it and recommend it over other brands.
The Danelectrode has a knob that allows you to set how much volts you want to feed your pedals with (3V to 9V), by giving less power to them, you can get some really spooky sounds; great fun, but can also help give you your characteristic sound.  I also like the fact that you connect it vertically on the outlet, this allows to connect any other stuff to the same outlet because it does not take all the space on it, like other adapters do.  The price is great, I'm planning to have several of this.
The first power source that is fun.  It can take the edge off of a distortion of OD pedal by rolling off the voltage.  I have yet to use it with a fuzz but I hear it sound sick.
I like the Dan Electrode but I noticed dropping the voltage on some of my pedals really changes the effect (turned my Heavy Metal into a sick fuzz and my LavaBox  into a primitive distortion), and on others dropping voltage can mean a slight loss of sustain(Onerr Overdrive) or volume(FrenchToast) and thats it. It's still a good 9volt power supply but the voltage drop feature doesn't always 'wow' you.
