This processor is okay for home practice if you need something other than just a dry signal. The sound is a little too electronic for me. I bought an RP-1 and it sounds much better.
This little unit is packed with great effects. For $50, I'm very impressed. Has just about everything you need in a entry-level pedal, except for a pedal control!!
I like the drum machine and the tuner, but I don't like the effects, I don't have an electric guitar, I only have acoustic electric guitars, and I thought that maybe I could make it sound like an electric, but the sounds are distorted, and not very clean, it sound muff.For an electric guitar maybe it would work fine, but not for an acoustic electric guitar.
These types of pedals are toys. They are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with. By all means if you are buying it for your kid who just started playing. If not, i recommend slowly building your pedal collection and use the money to get 1 decent pedal whether it is a delay, or distortion.
Works well and has good sound. I really enjoy all the versatility and amp sounds. The interface could be easier to use but for this price point one can't really complain.
I had a friend with one of these and he loves it. I got one on his recommendation and when I put the batteries in it, it started smoking. It did work for awhile. I pulled the batteries out and tried to AC adapter and it smoked again, this time it did not work. I am one of those people who gives an item one try and if it does not work, holds a grudge. I would not advise anybody to get this.
This particular brand I've seen around and haven't heard to much about them, but the one that I got worked fine for about a couple days. It went out and I sent it in hoping to rule out the possibility that I MIGHT have gotten a bad one.And I requested in a letter when I sent it in that they send another one in exchange, That didn't work out so well, with that being the only way I COULD RATE it and never receiving a replacement to verify that i just got a bad one, I'd have to rate this one at the bottom...
