This is my third pack; the 1st pack has been using for two months, the sounds are rich and full, and the feels are still good.  I broke the high E on the 1st attempt of restringing, and luckily I had bought 2 packs at the same time.  So, I want to keep a completed pack for back up.  I have been fingerpacking for quite long time recently, sometime, i will practice for 4-5 hours+ until i'm tired for the session.  I have used light steel strings on my acoustic, but these ones are easier for fingers even just tiny lighter.
These are okay strings for the Folk Guitar.............nothing special but the price isn't out of the world either. Good buy for the money. Tried them on a Gibson J50 and they seem to do good.
I am yet another one of those "Forever Beginners" when it comes to playing the guitar. Never mind that...these guitar strings made second hand guitar sound so much better! After putting in new pegs and re-stringing with these strings...it sounds so much nicer! More richer! Now I see I need to replace the saddle and bridge on it as the pegs keep coming loose. I think that once I do this and then re-string these same strings on it...I will be set to go!I like that these strings are light as due to not having had much practice for a number of years...let's face it...my fingers get sore when playing! I also have small fingers and hands.I intend to continue purchasing these same strings for future use.I recommend!
I restrung my Martin 0-16NY with these strings and found them to be excellent.  As a new guitarist,the light strings were very easy on my sensitive finger tips and have a very warm and rich sound.
Even though these are folk strings, I put them on my 35 year old dread and they sound really good.I hope they last longer than some of the reviews indicate.I also wipe them down after playing to minimize tarnishing.So far so good
Great,great sound. The sound of these strings is different than any other strings you could get. They also teach a guitar player to use a lighter touch while playing to produce beautiful sounds. Well worth it.
the string work well but did not give the mellow sound on my guitar that I was looking for. The shipping was quick and the strings were recieved in good order.
I love these strings.  I bought a set awhile back for my Ovation, but never used them.  Then I came into possession of an old Yamaha acoustic guitar which was pretty beat up and needed new strings.  I put these suckers on there and wow was I impressed.  Even that old beater guitar sounded great and played easily with these strings.  So... I bought another set for the Ovation this time!
