This is my second condenser microphone and I have to say that I love it. I previously owned an Audio Technica 2020 condenser mic which sounded thin and not as natural to me. I noticed that this mic does not really boost any frequencies like some other mics do in this price range. With this microphone, what you hear with your ears is basically what you get. Of course, room acoustics and microphone positioning all play a large part in the final sound.I use an Alesis mic preamp with a Focusrite 2i2 interface and the recordings sound clean. Another thing to mention, this is a variable pattern condenser mic. However, even with all the polar patterns that this mic has to offer, I usually just leave it on cardioid since I mainly use the M179 for vocals. Although I usually only record vocals, I also record electric guitar, acoustic guitar, and drums with the same microphone.Overall, my experience with this microphone has been pretty great. I think that for this price, it will be hard to find another microphone that can perform on the same level.
I sent it back, probably due to my ignorance.  Has multiple patterns to collect sound.  Was a clear mike but I didn't detect any body to the sound.  Maybe a preamp would have helped.  I checked out many mikes and ended up with a Rode NT-1A which is probably similar in character.  My goal was to record my voice without color and this came close.  I wonder how this could have a zillion ratings of five stars?  Suspicious ratings to me.  Now that I have more experience I would be curious to check it out.  But since I found a good solution I don't think it's worth the effort.
Ok here's the deal...I'm just a small home studio type of guy, and honestly I wasn't expecting much when I shelled out the $120 for this mic.  I have just always seen it around and I thought it would be a solid choice for my first multi-pattern mic!  The first time I recorded with it, I had it on omni mode and played some acoustic....it sounded amazing!  I can't believe this mic is that good.  Crisp, clean sound (who cares if it's made in China like that one guy says?), and very flexible usage.  I've since used it on toms, acoustic, a room mic for amps, and even some background vocals, and it has shined every time!So if you're like me and looking for a low-price LDC with multiple patterns, GET THIS.  You won't be disappointed at all!  :)
this mic gives a great range of recording purposes! Seems well built and rugged, the only complaint I have is that the face plate on the front fell off after only a month of light use, they must use a cheap adhesive for it, I had to clean both surfaces and give it a dab of gorilla glue to get the plate back on
I bought this mic after hearing good things about it, but I had never tried it. It has impressed me quite a bit since then. I use it in a small home studio set-up, along with a Presonus Firebox and Logic Pro on a Macbook.For the price, this mic is a very good deal. It sounds much better than an Audio Technica 3035 that I had (and ended up selling shortly after getting this mic). I also got an Oktava MK-319 that is a much more expensive mic, and that was then sent to be mod'ed by Michael Joly (and therefore cost even more) and I'd say the two mics are very similar. I end up using the CAD M179 a lot more because it's less valuable, but sounds just as good.What else? It has low noise and combines the crispness you want from a condenser without being unpleasant. It sounds particularly great for male vocals, in my opinion, although I have used it for as a room drum-mic. I would highly recommend this mic, especially at this price point.
Got mine for under 130, and it's a great Mic.  I can use it for vocal tracks, or recording for webcasts that kind of thing, or recording studio guitar sounds etc.  Awesome mic.
I've done a good bit of recording over the years. This microphone has very very low self noise, low distortion and a continuously adjustable variable pattern.I've listened to and recorded with this mic and compared it to many other high priced options. This mic is outstanding, the sound of the mic simply disappears  . . . it records just about anything presented to it very naturally with great detail, but without hype or over brightness.I applaud CAD for keeping the price low which provides a great mic for drum mixing which would not be possible at the price point of this  more expensive functional competition.
