The best buy for your bass drum
These patches will greatly extend the life of you bass drum heads. Even if you use felt beaters on your kick pedal these pads greatly increase the strength and toughness of your bass drum head in the exact place it is needed most. As far as I can tel these do not change the sound of your head much if at all. They stay exactly where you put them so be sure to get it right the first time.If you have a double bass kick pedal I highly recommend either this patch or one from another name brand company.
These impact pads came very fast and do their job although one of the pad I received ive already warn through in less then 3 weeks
This has saved my bass drum head from many holes. Also has no affect on sound of bass drum.Would recommend.
This works, and I really like Evans. But I got 2 of these and they both looked different and looked cheap. Although I have been using it for awhile now with hard use and it is holding up great and saving my kick drum head from abuse.
The Evans Pedal Patch will work for you great.. It will keep your mass drum head from gettingworn and nasty..  I cheap buy and it works excellent..
In writing a simple review for such a simple product there's only a few concerns you should have. 1. Would the adhesive dry out on this and 2. does it wear over time? The answer is it gets 4 stars. It doesn't dry out but I had to replace mine after 5 years because it eventually wore out. That's pretty good! Not perfect but pretty god!
They add depth to your bass drum by muffling the overtones a bit, and it is the pads that wear out rather than your bass drum head so these actually save you money and sound better. I've used a couple different brands, and they pretty much are similar.
they look slick and work really good, i would recommend this to anyone that needs a bass drum patch or so
its a patch that goes over the spot where your beater beats on the bass drum, guess it provides some useful purpose like kicking thru a bass drum skin, came with a few which is nice, price was right, so why not...go for it!!!
I think this patch looks cool on the bass . I don't really hear any difference in sound ,But does give your drum head a better life span
