My band was playing out one night, I use an amp stand that was on the stage. I really liked how elevating my little amp helped improve it's sound and decided I had to have one. I started searching around and found this product. The price was right so I took a chance and purchased one sight unseen. The Musician's Gear stand does everything I needed it to. It arrived in three days was well packaged and easy to assemble. It's light weight, portable and well constructed and would safely support an amp up to 75lbs. I would recommend this product to anyone with an amplifier 75lbs or less.
I'm enjoying it.  I actually bought it keep my amp off the floor but I also like that it puts the amp at an angle pointing upwards.  It's supporting my 50 pound amp easily and hasn't tilted back or fallen over.  I'm glad I bought it and would buy from the company again.  Thank You.
It's sturdy, well made, and cheap.  You couldn't go out and buy the raw material and put something like this together for what you pay for it.  I've used it with a couple of amps and it'll handle up to say an AC30 without an issues.
Expect less for that price. Excellent, fine manufacturing, good finish. Perfect for my Line 6, 75 wt. It works well at all heights.
Although I never gigged with it I think this would be great for any musician who gigs with a 2x12 or a 2x10 combo amp. I used this with various fender and line 6 amps and it worked great for amplifying the sound. Would buy again if given the circumstance.
If was looking to get my 3 amps off the flood. I have 2 70w 12&#34; amps and a big Fender DSP 212. I am using this for my 1-12 amps. It works very well. I recommend them to do the job for the $$. I am not sure I would use them for a $1,200 Sunn V4 4x12 cabinet
Great deal for the price and very sturdily made. Easy to assemble and feels very solid. Way cheaper than I saw in Guitar Center. Im very pleased with this stand. I bought two.
I use this stand for a smaller 50 watt Fender amp.  I don't think I would recommend it for larger amplifiers, especially since it sits a little high, but for my amp, it's perfect.  Nevertheless, I also don't really plan on packing it up or moving the stand around much, so I can't imagine it being ideal for portability.  If you have a music studio and are doing more recording and/or rehearsing than playing gigs, this is a really nice stand.
This stand easily supports my 50 poundFender Frontman 212R 100-Watt 2x12-Inch Guitar Combo Ampat any height setting. In fact, even extended to the highest the this stand supports that amp with no issues from the center of gravity or weight distribution of the amplifier.I love the ease of setting up and breaking down this stand. It is essentially three parts: the base and two removable arms. Granted that this is heavy, but the added weight is there because this thing is built like a tank.In addition to being rock solid, the parts mate perfectly with no slop in tolerances. The support arms slide into the base with no friction or excess movement, and the height adjustment has three nicely spaced positions. You merely pull back on the spring loaded knobs to release the safety pins that engage the arms for position. Once you line up the holes, release the knobs and the pins solidly engage and hold the amp in place.My only complaint - and it is more of a wish - is the tilt of the stand is at a fixed angle. I would love it if I could adjust that too, but I am sure that it would drive up the price of the stand. One final note: these significantly increase the footprint of an amp on stage. Specifically, it increases the depth dimension by nearly 100% of my Frontman 212R, although the difference in length is nominal. I mention this so you can factor that in if you normally play small venues with cramped stages.Overall, this is an excellent stand and one that is stable and heavy-duty. At the current price (at the time of this review) it's a bargain.
Needed a stand to lift my PA mixer off the floor for safety and ease of use. For $20, this is a sturdy little unit and collapses nicely for transportation. But it is a definite tipping risk if used at anything higher than the lowest height setting.I took the lead from reviewer W. Jones and "removed the upper brackets and inserted them with the longest bars horizontal instead of vertical, and although my amp was more stable, I still didn't feel it was stable enough to set it on the highest setting." I am using at the lowest height and it is stable, but I highly recommend a heavy sandbag on the back if any other height setting is used.I give four stars for great value at $20, will suit my needs very well.
Nice little amp stand. I wish it looked a little classier but i guess it's probably for people that like gigging or a music room. Helped a lot with vibrations in my apartment building.
A bit heavy and doesn't fold up to be very compact but its not like there are any better options out there so... Would love an aluminum one that could fold up real compact but...
It's perfect for what it does and that is to hold your amp and tilt it a bit toward the ceiling.  Great price, great stand.  What more do I need to say???
Although, I have a pedal board with 8 effect pedals, there are additional effects on my amplifier.  I can easily now turn and press the desired effect amp button.  Is sturdy and good for price.
