Great deal on a capo, it's about the same quality as one i would buy for 5x the amount elsewhere.  It takes a while for the shipping, but that's stated in the description.  I was pleasantly suprised.  I would recommend this capo.
I used this on my bass and I don't know what more you can say about it. It works and does at it is supposed to. I have no issues with quality or feel it's too loose.
this was a gift for a friend who is practicing to play the guitar. He has enjoy and likes using the capo.
Arrived as expected and as described. Capo is well made and is very well priced. I am very happy with the purchase.
This one works, it can't make me play any better (wish it could) but it wont make me play any worse.
How far wrong can you go for $1.83? I can give these away to beginners that don't have a capo.If you really want a capo get a Keyser or other decent capo. They're only $20.
This item did the job it's made for. Made well and you need to make sure you open it fully prior to inserting it onto your guitar neck to keep it from snapping back on you because it's strong but it won't damage your guitar and it's effective.
When I attached it to my guitar(s), I said, &#34;Wow, this beats it's more expensive competition! Does it hold? Yes. Does it damage your instrument? No. I'm going to get another one before they decide to raise the price!
Nice product, I like the great feel as the handle angle is large and makes it very easy to remove.
A very decent capo. Switching is very nice and it holds down all the strings perfectly. Great for someone who plays on alternate tunings or someone who likes shifting scales often.
I've got several capos, from the highest end models to the cheapest, and this one is every bit as good as the expensive ones, with ease of use and solid build quality. Why spend more?? Just buy it, and stop over paying for your capos forever more!
nice item...works well...great price, no need to own one of the more expensive ones for the job it does. I have to type more... oops got enough typed :)
This appears to be a good sturdy capo with a strong spring and a rubber appearing pad on back to protect your guitar neck. It looks fine and works well on the neck to hold down the strings, just as it was designed to do. It looks and fits just as shown in the picture. I recommend it.
Not much you can say. The headline says it all. It works well. Shipping takes time but for the price, who cares. If you need it now, go local but if you have time to wait, this is perfect. I ordered two just in case. But it is nice and does not damage the guitar finish at all.
Its not a very big capo like it looks in the picture and is sometimes hard to get on sometimes. but it does hold on to all strings so the job is done. the only problem I have with it is that I get the strings a little bent but that might just be me.
