I've had this little amplifier for a few weeks and I couldn't ask for a better practice amp. It's amazing how loud it gets in an otherwise quiet room, but it'll get drowned out pretty quickly when you add competing sounds. It's rugged and portable, and it's fun to play around with some of the effects. The fact that it runs on batteries is a huge plus.
Might work well for recording too when you take the output jack.  Speaker is acceptable quality but can't be compared with a Fender amp as this one has 5 watts and a small speaker and the other has 10-20 watts.  I'm opting for the convenience of the size.  I got this after getting a couple smaller amps and headphone monitor plugs since it has both and was better sound with good effects.  I like the 'brit' setting.  I sound like a rock star with it.  Good product for practice or recording.  You could get away with microphone to amplify it for a gig.  But for around the same price you could get a Fender amp.  This product works for me and the quality is pretty good.  Other mini amps and similar accessories are toys compared to this.
There are several types of practice amps. High end modlers (Line 6, G Dec, Vox VT) that can still run $400+ and are typically overloaded with features. The low end tubes (Fender Blues Junior, Bug V22, Peavey Valveking, etc). These typically are more stripped down (in features, not neccessarily quality). And then there are the micros. I always thought they were just a notch above toys, the sort of amps found in a prepackaged guitar set up from Wally World at Christmas.Boy was I wrong...I needed a portable amp for my son to take to and from practice after school. It was important to me that he could schlepp his own gear. He's not a big kid, so even 15lb. amps are pushing it(plus a gig bag and school back pack). That was initially what brought me to the Micro. Not sound or features, just the smallest possible amp for my little virtuoso. Turns out this is an AMAZING amp. The tone destroys the Line 6 and the features crush the Vox Pathfinder (6watt?) or Bug V12. And the Fender frontman - not even in the ballpark.Each of the models are distinct. The cleans are sparkly (more trebly) and the high gain models are very articulate. Obviously this isn't a loud amp, but that's not all bad. You can get everything this amp has to offer at reasonable volumes. It also can be battery powered (the life is suprisingly long), includes a regular wall plug, headphone jack, built in tuning fork (which is kind of lame) and a series of onboard effects that can be run simultaneously. For example, I was able to crank up the delay and tremelo and pull off some Dick Dale surpher licks with suprising accuracy.Don't let the size fool you. I honestly thought it was nothing more than a toy and I couldn't have been more wrong.  There are several big websites and it's tough to find any negatives about this amp. Quality sounding and durable for a great price.Oh - and the red - if you can find it - looks pretty sweet too.
Great little amp. I had to take my Ampeg Jet in for a maintenance and I just love this little practice amp. I enjoy using it with both my Fender Strat and my Rickenbacker.
It is a fun little practice amp, and I agree with the praise it gets. The positives have been covered so I'll point out a few (minor) things I don't like.First of all the power button is on the back, which is annoying. The rest of the controls are on top, why do I have to grope around the back to find the most important button. Plus I keep it in a cabinet so I have to pull it out to turn it on and off.Next! I wish they'd just name the settings &#34;clean&#34;, &#34;overdrive&#34;, &#34;distortion&#34;, and so on. JC Clean, Black Panel, Brit combo and R-Fier mean nothing to me.Then there's another minor annoyance that the input is recessed. A 90 degree angle plug won't fit unless you run it around the back.Lastly, the amp is solid and rugged but that means it's heavy. Not heavy like I can't pick it up, just heavy for something called a micro amp.None of these are deal breakers, just things I find annoying. Overall I have to say I prefer my VOX mini 3.
I bought this amp to replace a Squier SP-10 that came with my guitar.  The Squier had no effects, just a clean channel and an overdrive button.  I couldn't afford a bunch of pedals, but I wanted some effects so I could get cool sounds from my electric guitar.  I saw the reviews for this little amp on Amazon and decided to give it a try.  It is Awesome!  For such a small amp, the output is plenty loud for practicing at home, and it runs on batteries, too, so I can take it anywhere.  The effects are better than I'd hoped for.  This is certainly not for the pro who performs onstage or with a drummer, but for an intermediate level guitarist (like me) who just plays for his own pleasure or to please his family, this is the amp to get.  It has several modeling functions and you can choose between chorus, flanger, phaser, or tremelo while still adding either reverb or delay.  I'm one of the growing number of retirees who decided to pick up the guitar and learn more about it now that I have the time.  I don't need the deafening stacks that the kids like.  I love this amp.
This pupppy is pretty powerful just running off the batteries.  We've used it on a couple of gigs an it worked well with the volume only half way up.  We are not guitar players and are not using guitars with it.  We are using an mp3 player for backup.  The sound is not quite as clear as we get with our Roland Cm-30 (so only 4 stars from me).  The micro cube is a lot easier to transport and set up and it's nice not to have to load up cart to roll around.  Guitar folk will like this unit with the fx features.
The MicroCube came with new AC Adaptor that supports 110V and 240V. Now I can take it along and use it in Europe/ Asia and USA.I saved $30 from buying another AC adapter that supports 240V.Happy Customer!
