I have a Taylor GA4E.  The elixir strings that came with it had nice bass, but were very bright.  I tried some martins, ej16's which I love on my Seagull S6.  However, those strings just didn't have enough bass and too much highs.  I bought these recently and I love them.  They are much better then the original strings.  Very rich bass that really comes out.  The highs are well balanced and still shine through without being too bright.  My one complaint is that the mids sound a bit muddy to me.  Anyway, the best sounding strings with the setup I have.  Now off to buy some different bridge materials.EDIT: 9-22-12I also put these on my Seagull Mini jumbo and wow! Every time I come back to it after several weeks, I forget that I put the 600Ls on it.  Then I pick it up and wonder why it sounds so balanced and nice supporting bass and realize they are John Pearse strings.  Worth every penny.
Was very pleased with JP 600L PB acoustic guitar strings. I wipe the strings with a Planet Waves microfiber cloth each time after playing and it seemed like they would last forever. Plus the tone of the bass strings was improved over the D'Addario EJ16 light I had been using that were installed by the factory, so I kept replacing with like kind. 600L is the exact same string gauges.I read a review on Shorline Music (an Amazon affiliate) about the John Pearse 710 NM PB and after trying those I like them even better than the 600L. They keep most of the same bass strings as the 600L (A, D, and G) but add some strings from the medium size: low E (.055 replacing .053) and high E and B each increasing .001, from .012 to .013, and .016 to .017.I had a concern about my ability to bend the B string using little finger only in blues F chord position - no problem.The improvement in tone is in all the right places. Very nice. Yet the overall tension of the set is increasing only very slightly under 10 pounds total, from the 162.2 lbs. for the D'Addario light.I play fingerstyle only and this set is said to be ideal for fingerstyle offering a balanced tension across all strings.I suppose things are always subject to change, but for now, I am amazed and delighted with these strings. You wouldn't think a simple string change could make much of a difference, but somehow these do.
Everyone has there opinions. I was told these were great strings by some and others tell me the quality control has slipped after the passing of John. What I can say is the strings go on really brassy bright for a few days. They slowly mellow out and seem to last a long time. Sound really nice on my Taylor 410CE.
I bought these strings after they were suggested by a customer at a local shop. I play a cigar box guitar and stay with uncoated strings to get a traditional sound from the piezo pickup. This is my first set and I am impressed. These are not the most flexible strings as another reviewer mentioned, but seem to work well for three string chords and sound good through both a tube and acoustic amp.I would purchase these again for my needs. Previously I have used Ernie Ball Earthwoods which were  more flexible in light form, but great also. It would be a toss up for me between the two, but I do know these sound alot better than the basic Matin SP strings I tried previously.
I usually use Martin SP's, but I decided to give these a try. I'm pleased with them, but I would not rank them above the SP's. I did a little recording with them and I have to admit, they sounded a little brittle.
