It has a tinney sound to it But for 200 dollars or less I would rate this has a Top of the Line low end guitar..For any beginner this is the guitar I would but in there hands..I still write all my songs on this and play it more then my !000 dollar american strat or 500 dollar ibanez
I am disabled, a disabled Vietnam Vet, and my mobility is becoming more limited every winter.  My wife bought me this for Christmas, thinking I needed a new hobby to keep me busy during the harsh winter months.I am so happy she did.  My first thought was "Now I have to learn how to play this thing".  I am so glad she chose this particular guitar for me to start with.  I now own 26 guitars and have even built 2 custom guitars.  I always get carried away with new projects and can already play quite well, or so I'm told.  I practice a lot.Now about the guitar.  I wanted to wait until I knew a little something before I reviewed it.  First, I don't know how they sell these for the price they do.  It is a very high quality piece, comparable to guitars in the thousand dollar price range.The action is nice and low, good especially for a beginner.  I did find just the perfect strings and it made a world of difference.  I use light D'Addaro strings and love the tone and feel.The Yamaha is solid wood everywhere, no laminate as you'd expect for this price.  The tone is fantastic, the finish is flawless and tough.  It sounds great gently playing or really getting down and rough with it.  I have been strumming vigorously for over four months now and not a mark is on the guitar.  I have been playing many other guitars, all electric as well and am looking at a high end acoustic now, but will always keep my first.  There is no reason for me to need another acoustic, I just will because I can.This Yamaha has great tuners and stays in tune well, rarely having to make an adjustment once the strings are stretched.The neck is nice, though a bit thick so I cheat sometimes with my thumb on the low E.  The set-up was perfect with this and I just can't see where it's going to take much if any maintenance over the years other than replacing strings as needed.The Yamaha came with a great hard case, tuner, pics and other goodies as a package and was very inexpensive.  I did put a nice soft leather strap with a quick disconnect on it as there is no front strap button but no big deal there.If you're looking for a nice acoustic or thinking about taking up playing, this would be a great place to start.  I see these selling used for what I paid for mine new so you're bot going to lose money on it either.  Read the other reviews, this is a really nice value.  It is still my only acoustic that I own, my other 25 guitars are all electrics or project guitars.  I do have my eye on a Martin though.5 PLUS stars for this one.  If you're considering it, buy it.  You will not regret it.  I still play this on almost every day.
This guitar is probably one of the best I have ever owned. The tone is near perfection and it has pretty decent stock action and strings. You might need to adjust the neck a bit and some new strings probably wouldn't hurt but my god! What an amazing guitar!
For under $200, I'm amazed at how nice this guitar is!  First, it was perfectly playable right out of the box - all I had to do was tune it.  And it stays in tune nicely too.I did replace the strings shortly after getting it.  There was nothing wrong with the original strings - no rust and they sounded fine - I just wanted something softer so I put on Dedario Silk and Steel light strings, which are much easier on my fingers and have a nice mellow sound.  I am a novice transitioning from a nylon string guitar so I needed the most gentle strings I could get.  Now this guitar is a joy to play.  Problem is, I get nothing done because I can't put it down!!!And the spruce top is pure eye candy as are the mahogany back and sides. And I like the mother of pearl Yahama inlay on the headstock. Very classy! The quality of build and finish on this instrument is top notch.  It just exudes quality and feels solid and balanced in your hands.You can spend a lot more on a guitar, but why would you want to when you can get something like this???
This is a very nice guitar, the finish and construction is high quality. The hardware is what you would expect from a Yamaha product. I really can't think of anything negative to say about it. It did not come with a strap button, sO I had to install my own, but that is true with just about every acoustic guitar.
I love this guitar and one can not go wrong with a Yamaha, I currently have 3 acoustical Yamaha Guitars. The FG 700S is a full size dreadnought style steel string guitar. I usually do not like full size guitars as they do not fit in my lap well but this one is perfect for me and I can reach the full length of the neck with no problems. It has a deep tone and good volume. I give 5 stars to this guitar and recommend for the beginner as well as seasoned player.
I purchased this guitar about a year ago and the thing's still kickin, not planning on replacing it anytime soon.Once I got some new strings put on this beauty sounded like a singing angel, action was fine for me out of the box.Most definitely one of the best &#34;bang-for-your-buck&#34; acoustic guitars.
This one is probably closer to a $150 guitar. The fit and finish is quite nice but at the end of the day it's just like most of the other made in China guitar. From the reviews I was really hoping this was some great gem for only $200, but I'm not at all impressed. One thing that bothered me is that these guys make everything from guitars to jet skis - which usually means they're a jack of all trades but a master of none.I recently bought a Johnson JG-610-N, a Johnson JG-620-N, a Bristol BD-16, a Jasmine S35, and this Yamaha. If I'd only played the Yamaha I'd probably think it was a pretty nice guitar, but having tried all of these side-by-side I can definitely say it's not at all amazing. The Bristol blows this thing out of the water, and not just because it's $50 cheaper, it plays and sounds better. The Johnson guitars both have a little higher action, not a lot of highs, and a cheaper fit and finish. The Jasmine is nice but I haven't spent enough time playing it to give a true review.The Yamaha FG700GS is definitely neat to look at, and has decent mids, but doesn't really have a great high to low end punch. Now, it it quite a bit wider at the bottom so it has some more body, but, the sound range overall wasn't great. The Bristol has great highs and plenty of deep lows in comparison. Also, the fretboard felt a wee bit thicker on the Yahama, though putting them next to the other guitars it looked about the same.Can't help but think that the reviews here are a bit "hive mind" where everybody buys into a hype. Maybe I got a dud guitar, but I doubt it, they're all made in the same factory.
