I've owned several multi-effect pedals in the past, even one Digitech.  Up til now, they all had one thing in common: layers of menus to click thru to make any changes or adjustments.  It was a pain.  Then I saw this one...with KNOBS! I did a lot of research, and was torn between the RP255 and the RP355. I decided to go cheap and got the RP255.  So far, that was an OK decision.  The RP255 has plenty of features, and is a good compromise between menus and knobs.  I recommend reviewing the manual for your first day or two of orientation.To sum up the device quickly, the RP255 is probably capable of generating any sound or effect you want, but you may need to work at it.  As with many multi-effect pedals, there is a selection of (60) factory tone/effect profiles, to save you the trouble of programming new ones.  These are mirrored by 60 "user-defined" profiles, which are identical to the factory presets.  The difference is that #1-60, can be modified by the user, or left as-is.  The factory presets, # 61-120, are not modifiable.  So, you can really experiment with different setups without worrying about losing what came from the factory.  You can also "reset" the entire device if you want to, but if you do you will lose all of your modifications.In addition to all the different tones and effects this unit has to offer, there are also two additional features which are very useful: a (pretty basic)drum machine and a 20 second looper.  The looper is really why I bought this pedal.  It's easy to use, and it overdubs.  I only wish Digitech would have made it a 40 or 60 second looper.  20 seconds really isn't much.  FYI, you cannot use the drummer and the looper at the same time.  No biggie for me.OK, all that's good, so why am I disappointed in this unit?  Pretty simple.  I'm an older guy, who has been playing for approximately 50 years.  I've played every kind of music there is, and I would have appreciated a much broader selection of presets.  This may be a slight exageration, but it seems like 95% of the presets are some sort of (obnoxious) distortion.  Come on guys, not all of your customers are 13 years old!  I expect a professional piece of equipment to offer a variety of professional choices.  Now, I'm faced with working out all of my own presets.  I'm back to programming menus again, ugh!.So that's about it.  It's a solid piece of equipment, with too many juvenile tone presets to choose from.  In all honesty, if I had been aware of this, I would have probably not gotten this unit, inspite of its good design and quality.
For $120 you get virtually every effect in the book.ProsTuner works wellAbility to adjust presets on the computerClean sounds are great - especially the reverb. When spring reverb is used with the '65 Fender Twin amp model you can get a really great sounding drip, much better than you'd expect. Delay and chorus are also pretty good.Downloadable presets on the internetConsDistortions and overdrives are pretty meh. Nothing as good as even a DS-1 pedal. Nothing in the same league as a good solid state amp overdrive. And nothing in the same universe as a good tube overdrive.No permanent preset. In other words, it'd be great to have a clean channel that you could double tap to from any other preset. No dice, so you have to program the same sound into multiple preset slots. That makes what seems like a lot (60 slots) get filled up pretty fast.In the end, it's definitely worth the $120 I spent on it. I recommend this if you're in the market for one.
Not the best pedal out there, but for the price...it's pretty freakin' awesome!  Love the 20 second looper and the ability to turn wah on and off by depressing the volume pedal all the way forward.  Solid sounds and cabinets!
So the problem with most reviews is that people generally review things as soon as they get them when they are still in the honeymoon phase about it.  I've used this in my jam lab for 4 years and use it every time I play electric (about 5-7 hours a week.)The unit itself has held up well.  No problems with case or pedals.  All switches, knobs, plugs, & display work fine.  It doesn't have a on/off switch but that's minor.  It's low profile and is easy to switch by foot.  I have it going into my mixer which works fine.  No feedback or buzz from it.I like the recording software, Cubase, that came with it.  I didn't think I'd use it much but I do.  It's fun and easy to record my own songs.  Cubase is a little quirky and will often tell me that there is an error and it needs to close, but I've learned nothing happens and it's fine.I don't use the looper much as I have it before my Digitech Jam Man.  Which, if you don't have, you need it!  The drum presets are fun to use.  It's a blast to set a drum track, loop a rhythm, then jam on top of it.  Isn't that what it's all about?My two gripes are the tuner and clean presets.  The tuner is not very accurate and I use a cheapo tuner that works much better.  Also the tuner is supposed to be silent but it isn't.  Some flaw I guess.  Also the clean presets; like acoustic and clean bright sound cheap and weak.  I don't like them at all.  The distortion presets are awesome from some tube overdrive to massive fuzztone.  They rock.  I use alot of the other ones as well.IMHO this the "must have" addition to your set up.  It's not for professional use...but when I turn pro I'll get something better.
I gave it two stars because the expression pedal stopped working after the second day , and visually it's hard to read because the lettering is so small. Also there are  many function for one knob to have, a little confusion for me. The sounds are great and the recording aspect of it is nice, but not something that is best for my needs.I am looking into a Boss ME-25 instead,
Any product that can make an intermediate-level player like me sound like a pro is a sound investment. The RP255 is an amazing processor loaded with features (looper, drum machine, tuner) and dozens of cool pre-sets ("Greasr" is my favorite). You can customize your own sounds but I still haven't gotten tired of Digitech's choices. The AC adaptor (included) allows for hours of rockin' fun. I live in a condo, so the headphone jack is essential. I run my iPod through the unit and play along to my favorite tunes - sweet! The control settings can be a little daunting at first, but the owner's manual will walk you through the tough stuff. Bottom line: a great toy.
Unit is sturdy. Lots of good presets and capabilities. Works with down-loadable X-Edit software. That gets confusing a bit because the unit displays one thing, the computer screen another. I haven't mastered it yet and after a month am just knocking about and settling on sounds that are acceptable but far from ideal. I've see much easier software that puts all effects on screen as stomp box graphics and you build a sound. With the X-Edit you call up a canned sound and start changing it. The interface does not match the RP 255 and has a lot more provisions. The thing is, they get to be a bit overwhelming, at least to me. I got this for Christmas and would shop around a lot more. Perhaps I wind up choosing this but so far, eh. For one thing, plugging headphones into it, the output isn't as loud as I'd like. I kinda demands output to another device/mixer/amp if you want to play loud.
