Good grippy picks for some types of playing. I go back and forth between these and the Jazz IIIs when I'm in a Jazz pick kind of mood (i.e.: when I'm not using ginormous Gypsy Jazz picks or Fender heavies. I especially dig Davas (all models) for acoustic playing and strumming. Nice tone as well. Have tried pretty much every Dava and each has its pluses for specific kinds of playing.One thing about Davas is that once in a while the pick will slightly move in my grip, and I'll pick the string with the rubber. Hand angle can also play a part in this. Probably just me.
I've been trying out different picks for a few weeks now looking for the perfect one for hybrid picking. So far this is the one and I think my search is actually over. I've tried theJim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz Iii Ply Pkand that was close but this is the one. These Davas have a great feel in my bigger fingers, doesn't slip around at all and is very sharp and fast on alternate and hybrid picking. Pick noise has also been reduced because there is much less friction than with most others; the notes ring out very clearly even on fast runs.
I've used Dunlop Jazz III's for years but always had a problem when it came to a song that required a lot of strumming. The DAVA changes that for me. Not only does it allow for accurate picking, but it also allows you to strum when needed - just roll your thumb back a little (works great). I've been using this pick for about 2 months now and have not gone back to any of my other picks. A definite 5 star for being my favorite new pick!!! You won't be dissapointed!!!
These are a new style of guitar pick to me. Thought I'd give it a try. OK...probably didn't try long enough so I only rate it three stars because of my OPINION. The seller did not fail me in any way.
Have been a user of Jazz III picks lately (Max Grip version:Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks - 6 Pack) but was having some difficulty with those picks during rhythmic sections that required lots of strumming.Was recommended to these picks by other users so I gave them a shot. A few of my notes:- This pick is very slightly bigger than the Jazz iiis i linked above. I like this a lot. The tip is almost exactly the same size, but the top grip area is ever so slightly bigger. Still, these picks are significantly smaller than your "average" size pick.- The rubber grip area is a joy to hold. Very comfortable, very stable, lots of grip- If you didn't know, Dava picks dont come in varying thickness. They are instead "control" picks. Meaning depending on where you grip the pick it will become more or less rigid. Look at the picture --- see those three horizontal lines in the middle of the pick? Those are reference markers --- choke up on the pick (lowest line near the tip) for leads and pull back for more flexible strumming. This will take me some time to get used to but it is pretty nice in theory. However, even choking up on the pick, it is not as rigid as the jazz iiis and sometimes for fast work I was wishing I was still holding the jazz iii.- These Dava Jazz come in three colors: Red (Delrin material), Yellow (Nylon material), Orange (Gel). Different materials produce different sounds/feels. Also, in my opinion, the gel is a little harder than the other two.Hope this review helped
Title says it all I guess, it gives you the small pick feeling without the thickness (that I'm not crazy about in Dunlops), and the traction is certainly better in my oversweating hands. Bought these 3 months ago and I've got to say they're very durable too, certainly more so than the small-pick alternatives I tried.
These picks have a good grip.  They're pointy, so they're good for fast picking.  They're very small, about the size of a nickle, so you've been warned.  As with other Dava picks, they wear out pretty quickly.  That's the price you pay for a flexible pick I guess.
A very nice pick, both in feel, texture and design. I picked it up and started strumming and immediately felt something different - something smoother and more comfortable, more natural. I'm very satisfied with this pick! There's a cheeky little message on the label, &#34;Warning: may improve your playing&#34; and that's no joke! Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Jim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz III, the yellowish ones, and the Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks, and I think I like this one the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size, but I'd say that I like this one the best of the three (they're all good, though - I'd rate the 427P3 next-best, and the Jazz III Carbon Fiber next after that).One complaint - they sent mine in a bloody great big oversized padded envelope suitable for CDs. Kind of overkill, if you ask me, for only six picks, but I shouldn't complain - they arrived in great condition!!!
