Forget all the volume drop comments.  There isn't any and it does not color your tone one bit.  I have tried a couple miniature novelty pedals. They were more like a boost volume and tone pedal with tremolo thrown in.  I wanted something to dress up slow ballads, and of course "Born On The Bayou".  This pedal goes from nice subtle background effect to deep depth if you want it.  And no variance in your guitar tone or volume when you click it on. I play a lot of acoustic solo and this really is a nice addition to change up my sound here and there and not over do it.
Sure there are fancier Tremolo pedals out there, but I've always been a fan of the Boss TR-2. It's got a more mellow and vintage Fender Tremolo output, and suits my playing to a T. Pair this beauty up with an Electro-Harmonix Cathedral Reverb pedal, and get lost for days. Definitely worth the reasonable cost!
This tremelo pedal works nicely and it's great when you're playing through an amp without tremelo. Problem solved! The price was also very good.
This is a great Tremolo pedal.It is very quiet and when used correctly, there is absolutely no signal drop or volume drop whatsoever.You can blend the Tremolo type from a smooth sinuous pulsing waveform to a sharper edged "on/off" type tremolo.Tremolo varies the volume of the sound. It does not vary the pitch.You have control over the "depth" or "amount" of effect, and you can control how fast the effect pulsates the sound.A very simple, popular effect that I wouldn't want to live without in some form or another.Pretty teal green color.As with all Boss products they are built like a tank and generally last forever if they are not abused or damaged.I have no idea how fast this pedal eats batteries because I use a power supply.There is no on/off clicking when depressed.There is no added hiss, hum or distortion.The battery compartment is easily accessed without having to unplug anything.Simply a great effect and quality product from Boss and tends to hold its resale value well.
I've played this pedal for a while now and really dig it. I'm old school, Fender Blues Deluxe reissue and Strats and Teles, this pedal has a great, warm, organic feeling tremolo that I use a lot. You can barely bring it in for some warmth, or really crank the speed and depth for a great sort of rotary speaker effect.I'll use it with the rate set at tempo for a song and record clean guitar chords up on the middle of the neck. This effect will give you a nice almost Hammond B-3 type of organ sound.
This is a superb tremolo pedal: [1] Its dials allow for enormous control of the effect. [2] It's very sturdy--an often-noted feature of BOSS pedals. Further, [3] it's utterly easy to use, [4] allows for both 9v battery and power supply/adapter operation, and, most important of all, [5] it delivers beautiful tremolo. (Note: It comes with a 9v battery installed, but it does NOT come with a power source/adapter.) If the price is more than you're willing to pay, consider the DANELECTRO COOL CAT TREMOLO. This also delivers good tremolo, but it does not allow for as much sound-manipulation as the BOSS product; it's still quite good, but the BOSS takes the prize. I paid about $75 for mine and have zero regrets.
I own three units capable of tremolo: Boss TR-2, Line 6 MM4, and the Boss SL-20 Slicer (like a tremolo on steroids). Plus my amp is a Twin Reverb so it too has tremolo. If you are unfamiliar, tremolo modulates the volume as if turning it up and down rapidly.The Boss TR-2 is the simplest of the three stompboxes to operate, with three controls: "Rate" of modulation, "Depth" of modulation (how much does the volume vary), and a "Wave" shape (jagged, square, or somewhere on a continuum in between). Unlike the other Boss stompboxes I own (CE-5 & PH-3), the TR-2 does not seem to compress sound so that it seems like you're "playing in a fishbowl" (as another reviewer puts it).The "Wave" control is what gives the unit its sonic versatility, so it is a nice feature to have. Most tremolos have it, but not all. For the price, it can give you a decent set of classic tremolo sounds with nothing too crazy. It is the unit that Tom Morello uses on "Guerilla Radio," and it does well with tremolo classics like the Smiths "How Soon Is Now?" I hear no volume drop problem like other reviews suggest, and this is something I am sensitive to because I generally turn modulations on/off over the course of a song rather than leave them on full time.Like all Boss stuff, the box is sturdy and I like their big, quiet footswitches over any of the little, clicky ones on other units. The color is a sort of a dull military dark green, not the most attractive thing but not bad either.The small Boss effects do not come with a power cable, so you will have to factor that into the cost. Boss instructions tell you that you need their particular adapter, but I don't know anyone who says this is a must. I run it off a pedalboard power supply and it seems to work fine. If it didn't I would not buy Boss product period.Bottom Line:(1) Gives a decent array of basic tremolo sounds, nothing crazy(2) Not a bad price (factor in a power cable)(3) Simple to operate(4) Nice casing and footswitch; drab color
