It does the job though. I wasn't impressed by the lack of range, but then again I've never found a use for the more extreme settings on a phaser anyways. It seems that this unit keeps the effect within a safe and comfortable range and that's okay with me.
I'm very happy with this pedal.  It seems to be a knock off of the MXR phase pedal, being that it provides a nice classic, subtle phase effect.  You can flip the switch to "swirl" for a more pronounced effect, but I love just keeping it mild.The metal switch/button to engage the pedal doesn't have the "click" that many pedals do.  I actually prefer this.  The "click" effects wear out sooner.  Some of my high end pedals also use this smooth, click-less way of engaging a pedal.  You'll know it's on by the tone change and the bright led light.  IMHO, you don't need a click switch.The sounds are clean and smooth, clear and bright, and all the other adjectives you could use to describe a great phase effect.Quality and Value, all the way.
It sounds like it's Behringer.  Very fake, cheap sounding phaser, but it's all I need.  I got it mostly for that big airplane woosh, and running it in the loop, it does that fine.  The highs are kind of harsh, but if it is in front of the amp it can sound a little tame.
Germany Company, manufacturing is in China... I have always found this to make the product hit or miss but the last two Behringer products that are in my hands are very good.
I really dislike the switch on this thing.  It does not click.  That may not sound like much, but I tend to rest my foot on a pedal when I turn it off.  This does not turn off when I do that.  This is unlike any pedal I have played.  I realize Behringer is trying to copy the MXR, but the switch substitution makes me wish I picked up a used MXR.  Anyway the pedal sound fine, just know the switch may drive you insane.  I really like the other Behringer Boss type pedals though as the switch is what I like.  Wish the phase came in a different case.
I borrowed a friends MXR to try and liked the added sounds it gave me. It filled a hole that was missing . since 80% of my board is Behringer pedals I looked at Behringer first and was delighted when I found the PH9 Classic 90 . Side by side with the MXR , there wasn't a hole lot of difference and with the Behringer's added swirl switch , gives you a few more options. It also is made of metal for all of you that constantly criticize Behringer for their use of plastic in there other pedals. ( I've read a ton of reviews and still haven't heard of one breaking because of the plastic ) As far as value to money spent , This pedal is again at the top of the list. Oh! It also sounds great!!!!!
