A perfect fit! Plus it comes with a handle, strap and a nice sized pocket where you can store picks, capos, straps and strings. Its great for getting my uke from point a to b safely. Would recommend it.
Very happy with it considering the price point.  I'd buy it again in a heartbeat as long as you don't need a hard case.  Great for the knock around uke though.
It is okay. It serves the purpose. It is a good fit for the soprano uke. A pull tab for one of the zippers broke off within a week. Not a big deal I just stuck a zip tie in its place. The case is not a cheap trash bag style gig bag but a heavy nylon with some padding to it. It has a pocket on the front to hold some small gear. There is no support for the neck inside like in a guitar case. It will keep your uke from getting scratched or dusty, but will not provide much more protection than that.
This gig bag is assembled with quality fabric and awesome construction technique. Definitely far superior to any of the other gig bags that I'v ordered for tenor and baritone Uke in this price range.
This is a very reasonable price for this bag.  I got it for my les paul epiphone uke.  The fit is fine.  This bag has better padding than the bag that came with the uke.  I'll just give the epiphone bag away to someone who doesn't have one.
What a good buy!  This gig bag is nicely made, looks great, and the padding is really nice.  Luv the zip pocket in the front - perfect for strap, snark, capo, whatever.  Bought this for my hubby's tenor uke and one just like it ('tho smaller)for my concert uke.  Highly recommend.
This is a very sturdy and well-made bag. Much better for the money than I was expecting. I wish I could find a guitar bag that was this nice! My uke is very cozy inside. The pocket on the outside has a lot of space for your picks, kazoo, ukulele stand, whatever you need to have with you.I carry an iPad around when I play -- the full size iPad doesn't fit in the outer pocket, so I put it on the back of the uke on the inside. An iPad Mini would probably fit.
