I seriously never knew steel guitar picks existed i've been playing guitar for like 5 years. These picks are the BOMB!, + they don't break on you when you strum too hard/fast :D, i would rate this product 6 stars if i could i'm completely satisfied with these picks!Tip: These picks are great for HIGH ACTION/HIGH GAIN GUITAR SOLO'S.
I play bass with these and they have a unique tone.  The scratchy surface gives it a really gritty tone for rock music.  Makes Rotosound strings really sound off.  I have not found that they are so hard on strings that the strings were out from use rather than the picks.  It does take a bit of use to get good with them, but it is worth it for when you need that really growling tone.
while the product is everything it said it would be.  I was just hoping it would be thicker as it feels so thin. it does whats is supposed to so I cant fault it in that way it. just was not what I was hoping for.
These are a little course for what I wanted. Brass is a lot better, and the edges are too sharp for fast picking. They may be giving the strings a little premature wear, and the loss of tonality is the problem. There are better options if like me you like your picks hard and firm.
The picks are good. They are a little flimsey but are ok. The best thing about them is the look
At first I thought the idea of using a metal pick was outrageous, but after actually trying one - I love it. It has really helped me deliever that Fatal Blow...I can honestly say, this is not for strumming or even heavy metal rhythms as you risk breaking a string and putting an eye out. Not to mention that it's hard to strum and sounds awful.What these picks are good for is leads. Rock, Metal, Shredding and even Country. The sound is short with a very high tone pitch. Switching back to a plastic pick and the notes sound a little dull. One plus is, while recording I do not hear much in the way of the pick scraping when doing alternate picking (shredding) as I did with a plastic pick.I still use a plastic pick for slow leads that need that sort of sound, but love these picks when things heat up. Also, I'd like to add that even though I can play Rock You Like A Hurricane by the Scorpions - it never sounds quite right. Until Now. Using a metal pick make the lead scream and help the tone carry for a thicker sound.Also, these picks have a no-slip grip. With the Fender facing your fingers, there is a nice little indent for the thumb and with the added grooves it's very easy to grip and use. It feels funny at first, but I got use to it really quick.I can honestly say that this is one of those things you just have to try for yourself to get the full experience...
I was looking for a nearly indestructable heavy (or thick) guitar pick.  I saw this and had to try it.  They are very solid, don't bend, and make a particularly pleasing sound on an acoustic guitar.  Haven't tried them yet on an electric, but they should be great there, too.  You need to know that they make a metalic sound to the picking action (not a surprise!).  But the angle of attack on the strings can either increase that or lessen it somewhat.  Anyway, these are great guitar picks if you're looking for something solid and long-lasting.
