This is an interesting, limited effect pedal. I bought it mainly to use with my (non-pedal) steel guitar. On a pedal steel you can bend notes with the pedals and levers, and most steel players use a volume pedal to do swells. However, I play standing up and manipulating the volume pedal was difficult to control because of balancing on one foot and the sensitivity of some of the pedals.This pedal gives a simulation of the volume swells that give steel guitar that distinctive sound. It's sort of like an automatic wah in the way it works. Since the steel is always being played by picking the individual strings (no chording), this pedal works along with that technique. I combine it with a sustainer to make the swells extend a little, and it gives a fair approximation of using a volume pedal to swell the notes.I tried this with regular guitar, but it's not the same. For chords, it does add an effect, but it's not very distinctive, and for single notes, it would depend on the song. I haven't really found many instances where it's useful there either, as I normally don't want volume swells for solos on guitar, but on steel guitar, it works very well.
Leeeeeeeeeet meeeeee Saaaaaaay thiiiis iiiis Nooooot liiiiiiiiike whaaaaaat IIIII thooooought.  Wow almost like the opposite it is like a violin sound or mock reverse single delay sound.  Gotta love the slow moe
It's a cool pedal, especially considering it's price, but don't be fooled. All this pedal does is perform volume swells. Any other sound you are able to create with this pedal, you wouldn't JUST be using this pedal. Think of it as a supplumentary effect. If you want to really get cool sounds with this pedal, you need to use it in combination with other effects; Reverse delay, wah, distortion, etc.It's convenient too, if you are playing and you want use volume swells, but you also want to use other effects like wah, whammy, something else that requires the attention of your feet. If you get the settings right you can just click this effect on and it will take care of the swells. I would say thats probably the best part about the pedal and the biggest reason to get it. Pure convenience.It has it's quirks though, If you set the sensitivity all the way at minimum it drastically cuts down your sustain. To the point where its non-existent. But the purpose of having the dial set like that is so that you can play loud and fast and still have the effect behave properly. If sensitivity is increased to say halfway and you try to play loud and fast, the volume effect will only occur on the first note struck... the rest will just play as if the effect was off.Other than that, its built well, doesnt add any hiss. no noticeable signal loss, other than if the sensitivity is at min. The battery compartment is a pain to get to thats for sure. power adapters are your friend.It's cheap, its convenient. But i wouldn't recommend it for someone who is more into metal or fast and loud styles of play because that pretty much renders this pedal useless... especially since that style usually results in moments where you want to hit and sustain a note in the middle of playing hard and fast... that type of thing will make this pedal a useless hunk of plastic and circuitry. Oh that reminds me, the casing is plastic...:-/
I bought this effect because I saw a few YouTube demos that made it look pretty good. I had always wanted an attack delay effect and the Behringer Slow Motion was priced well below all competitors. When it arrived, I tested it thoroughly and found that it is tricky to learn and limited in scope. It only works well under these circumstances: All notes must be played slowly, individually and deliberately in order for the attack delay effect to kick in. You can't play a quick series of notes and expect the effect to work properly. Having said that, I found that the effect is nice, once you have mastered the technique. I tried to use it in conjunction with overdrive and sustain pedals and it did not work well at all. Other reviewers have suggested using it with a digital or analog delay pedal, which I have not tried. I considered returning the unit to Amazon for a refund, but I don't think that would be fair as it DOES work to some extent and it didn't cost me a lot of money in the first place. However, I do not think I would recommend it to a friend.
It was Not what I wanted. When A Person has a low Income We can Not afford what We can Not use. I was looking for what Is called Shimmer most Reverbs do Not have Shimmer as the RV600 Because Digitech called Shimmer, String Swell and Volume Swell Is linked to the Violin Sound It cost Me 30.00 Its called Slow Motion for a reason because It has to be played slow to hear the effect the only way to hear It Is with Over Drive being played on the high Strings. It might be good for playing with a Bow, I have No Idea because I can Not afford a Bow.
