as another guy said &#34;not better not bad simply different&#34; it's true. i have dunlop classic wah, beautiful and it sounds good, but there are certain feautures, in this one and in the dunlop, that i do not like.dunlop:-has a little bit of more wah range than behringer-i do not like the fact that u have to active and disactivate to use it-more expensive than the behringer-to my ears kinda affect just a little bit  the tone of your guitar when in usebehringer:-cheaper-does not affect the tone of your guitar at all, very transparent-more features than dunlop-wha sound is not like the dunlop's, it is different but nice, i personally like.so bottom line, im using this one for my pedal board for my electric guitar and the dunlop for the one in my acoustic.good deal, just get it, i highly recommend it.thank you again behringer your pedals kick real butt.
I have a Line 6 Vetta II with a Floorboard that takes care of all my needs for effects (for gigs and in my studio) including a wah pedal but sometimes I take my smaller Marshall down below to jam with friends. I just needed something low-priced that would do the job for me in that situation and I ended up with something a lot more when I bought this pedal. I got it yesterday and have been playing with it for hours now. I really like it and for the price, I don't see how you can beat it. It seems well-made and I think, or I hope, it will hold up well with normal care. I've only ever used my Line 6 Floorboard and before that, an old Crybaby for wah effects before but I'll tell you what I really like about this pedal. It's spring-loaded so it comes back up by itself. It says you can remove the spring too if you want but that feature combined with the fact that it turns on when you step on it and turns off when you step off of it, allows me to be much more creative in my playing and use of the wah. I don't even have to think about whether it's on or off which is liberating and it allows me to use the wah in ways I never could before like on half a riff or certain parts of a passage. I also like that you can really step on it without worrying about switching it off like other wahs. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because there's some sort of semi-annoying hiccup in the sound sometimes. It only seems to happen in the last part of the sweep when the pedal is coming up, so I can avoid it if I try. I don't know if it's just mine or is something inherent in this pedal. I'll update this review if I ever figure it out.
I just got it today and haven't spent too much time with it yet. It sounded OK and I like the features on it. I especially like not having to step down hard on the toe to engage the pedal. As soon as you press down it's on. Lots of adjustments so I'll be tweaking for a while to find my sound, but it seems like it's going to be OK. It's a lot different from my crybaby so there will be a little learning curve. For the money It's a great pedal.
very good pedal for the price  I have bought other behringer pedals that work very well will be buying more from them
My 1st Wah. This is going to take some getting used to regarding the switches, knobs, and buttons.  I am working on getting that nice way sound which I've come across somewhat.  It sounds funky when just strumming some simple cords. One thing I would have like would be to have some more detailed instructions about all of the functions it offers.  Behringer has never been very documentation oriented.
I've been playing with this a lot since I got it last week. It really is versatile as well as noiseless. I've mostly used it with the default settings.I haven't had the time to tweak it as much as I'd like but I can say that it is quite easy to get different tones from it. Really impressed with this wah!
I bought the Hell babe 10 years ago, it was my first wah pedal and it has been on my pedal board ever since, the same one. i have never had a major problem with it, the boost knob fell off a couple years ago but it was plastic and i did kick it a lot over the years so no big deal. Its no crybaby and im glad, it has its own sound that i have tried to get out of my vintage crybaby but couldn't no matter how much i tweaked it. I actually run both my crybaby and my hell babe on my pedal board and i find myself using the hell babe way more, especially since it has the auto off and spring back. it really makes my solos rip. buy it, you will have a ball. My only complaint is that the spring is loud and audible when playing acoustic gigs but acoustic guitar sucks so whatever.....
