Pretty basic capo, goes on and comes off easily. Fits quickly and tightly, I expected a firmer grip but it works well anyway. Good price!
I works as advertised.  What can I say?  It's inexpensive and does what it's supposed to.  Just buy it and move on.
I already had the nickel finished version (which I paid a few dollars more for),and wanted a spare. I like the Dunlop design and price. It should last a lifetime.Glad I got it.  This one is finished nicer than the nickel finish one I have which is rough looking in comparison.The black Dunlop has a nice smooth finish.
This Capo is one of the best made I've seen.  It fits the neck of my electric guitar perfectly and stays securely at any position.Very well constructed. Easy to attach/detach.
I may be a guitar newbie, but as far as I can tell - this capo is not a fake-o piece of crapo!
I really like this over the capo that came in my guitar bundle from Austin Bazaar, so after some research online and talking to friends, I bought this capo.It goes on easily,comes off easily and does not mar the finish of my guitar. Downside, seems like it does not put enough pressure on all the strings. I will play with it some more and see how I like it over this weekend.Let me know if I am missing something about this capo that I should know. Thanks!
Dunlop capos are functional and inexpensive.  Come on, capos don't have &#34;tone.&#34;  Just get one that doesn't get in your way.  Also, the people who work at Dunlop seem like nice guys.  Thank you, Dunlop, for keeping it real up in Benicia.
I used it to hold down the strings on my bass while I adjusted the truss rod. Worked perfectly for that purpose.
Did not hold the strings down very well for me... I love the feel of it, but the spring needs more power.
Very Well finished, everything except rubber, is made of aluminum, with little bit of metal i guessnot like other reviewer said, it fits in your hand comfortable, does not need lot of strength to openit may, be hard for old man, or kidalso, rubber doesnt smell that bad!, i mean it does but its not seriousthey also used glue to stick rubber
I use this primarily when setting up guitar and measuring strings by locking down on 1st fret and taking measurements from there.
I was impressed by the quality of this product. It is simple and does its job well. Easy to release and will work with a fat neck acoustic or Les Paul or with a thin neck on most metal Guitars. Holds strings tight and is easy to place with no fret noise. Was a great value.
I love these Dunlop capos.  They are quick to put on, grip nicely, and above all they don't get in the way of your hand.  I bought 5 of them from Amazon because they were such a good price.
Wasn't expecting much for this price. But I was surprised. Have been using mine now for about 3 months with no problems. Workmanship seems good. Does a good job not great of putting equal pressure on the strings but overall it has been a good product. I also have a more expensive Capo just like this one. They look as though they come from the same factory. More expensive is not always better.
great stuff to have for a great price&#8230;i like it! highly recommend to everyone must have for those who loves to play guitar.
In 40+ years of using many Jim Dunlop products Made in America or to his standards of quality, I've never broken or worn out the capo. I use mine on both 6 and 12 string guitars. The spring tension remains strong after several years, which keeps the sound nice without the strings being muted or buzzing. The only problem I have with them, they seem to disappear when I'm not looking. I have used other brands where the rubber leaves marks or sticks to the neck with prolonged use. Other than smudges from getting the capo dirty, it cleans easily.
I have a guitar and several ukes of all sizes. This works very well for all of them. It's very easy to take on and off, and it stays right where you put it. The rubber is tough but molds to the instrument, I haven't seen and marks or damage from using it.
I used to use a Schubb Capo, but started using the Dunlop Trigger a few years ago and never looked back. The fit can be a little tight, especially higher up on the fretboard, but I personally like this, mostly for the fact there are less moving parts (compared to a Schubb) and the fit is nice and secure.
Works as described.  For the price I have no complaints at all. Clamps firmly and easily, doesn't move or slide around on either of my electric and acoustic.
This Capo is inexpensive and works well.  Clips on easily and hold strings down nicely.  What more can I say.  Gotta keep it simple on this review because it's a simple item.  Simply, it does what it's supposed to do for a low price.  I think it will last a while too but I'll probable misplace it before it breaks anyway so I have a few of these floating around.  You should have one of these in each gig bag.
I purchased this for my son to use on his acoustic guitar.  I had previously purchased a fabric capo for him to use until I could get him a better one.  That did not last long. I ordered this one and he loves it.  It's durable and works perfectly.
The only negative to this well made capo is I wish the tension was slightly less.  I find that once placed, notes played closer to it are slightly sharp even using light pressure.  It will work out just fine though and I will just have to make a few adjustments in tuning to correct for this.
For years I have used a different type of capo, this one is so much easier to use and does an excellent job!
I haven't used it a lot yet, but I really like it so far.. Much easier to put on than the 30 year old capo I was using, and it works for my guitars and my banjo, without putting them out of tune. It seems to be solidly made as well, and not too much pressure as others said.. My old capo put a lot more pressure than this does :P, and was much heavier. I'd assume it was made out of Cast-Iron or something instead of Aluminum.
When I first learned guitar, my buddies kept telling me I'd want a capo but I held out until just recently. The Dunlop is secure, doesn't scratch the guitar at all, and holds the strings down as it should. Instead of taking the time to adjust my tuning, I can use this to achieve the tone I want. Good item for the price.
Be careful about using capos like this, because if you're using a fine guitar, it may damage the finish.  Try it, and double check regularly, and I wouldn't leave it clamped on the guitar, overnight or for weeks on the guitar stand.
This is a fine product. Any guitar player has hands strong enough  to use it. Looks great on the guitar and works really well. Recomended.
How you feel about a capo has almost as much to do with the guitar you're using it on... What works great on one guitar might not be so marvelous on another... I can say with confidence that this capo works flawlessly on an American Standard Strat... Fits great, easy on/off, easy adjustments. The padding on the capo is such that you would really have to go out of your way to mar the finish on your neck with it... All relevant areas of the capo are well padded. It seems very well constructed, after two weeks of heavy use, I don't see why it wouldn't last for years.
This product does what you want and is easy to take on and off.  Definitely a great value for the money!
I was using a Kyser capo, until the spring action loosened up to the point it wouldn't hold all the strings down.  I thought I'd try something else out and settled on this one.  It's easy to take on and off. It's tight enough.  The main positive is that the part that lays against your strings is longer than a kyser so I think it will fit even the widest fretboards.  I don't know about a 7 or 8 string though.
Liked this capo it worked fine. You can double this as a hand exercise device since it has a great amount of tension.
This capo is small, looks good, and works very well.  It is well protected to not scratch or nick your guitar.
I've used the classic Kyser capos for years with my acoustic guitars.  They definitely look great, but they tend to lose their tension and allow for string buzz after a year or so.  That's my experience at least.  These trigger capos may look and feel awkward to a lot of people, but they are wonderful.  I get a perfect barr at every fret and it feels like this will never wear out.  I've had one for a couple years now and the only problem I find with them is that your friends tend to take them for themselves and it's easiest just to buy a new one.  Highly recommended for acoustic guitar players!
It's nice to have this gadget nearby you when you play. A lot of songs say capo preferred. It helps you have a bar of strings down all the time in a row to keep your finger free and easy to grab some chords like b major and so on. I recommend this product.
this is not the greatest product they make - but it works quickly and makes the 12 string spread when needed to do so more easily than most.
I am a beginner guitarist, I am happy with this capo. It works good and that is all I need. The fit and finish seems like quality also.
I've had a few of these my life time because people always steal capos.  What the hell.  Anyway, this capo works well.  I've only used it on Gibson and Fender electrics, and it does a fine job.  Some of the rubber padding will eventually come off as glue wears off, but it does not affect the capo-abilities.  I'm sure there are better ones, but for me, this works well.
This capo is lightweight and really tough, it is stiff and takes some strength to open but it stays in place and doesn't damage the necks of my guitars. I've used this on acoustic, electric, 7 string, 12 string, and a lot of 6 string guitars and it always works perfectly. I think it's a really nice tool and it does the job flawlessly.
Simple to use, works well on the Squier Strat. I'm not much of a guitarist so this is my first capo and I don't have anything to compare with but the quality is way up there.
I was not a fan of this particular capo. It was good quality and the price was ok but just not my style.
Sturdy, well-designed and frets the strings well.  Ships quickly.  The back clamps firmly to the guitar without maring the finish. Great value.
Simple, strong but easy to apply, comes in a variety of colors.  Haven't used it a great deal, but it seems to be great and non-damaging to the finish on the guitar.  The handle sticks out farther than a simple elastic strap capo, but this is a good choice at a great price.
As capos go, this gets the job done at a good price. Easy to use. Doesn't seem to put undue pressure on the guitar.
You know when a good quality item arrives, everything looks and works just as it is intended.  I love it ...
I have two of these. High quality build. Out of personal preference...this capo design works best for me. Tension is perfect for my Washburns. One has light strings & the other has medium. I thought this was worth mentioning since the diameter of the strings might affect the clamping tension. Both of them sound like there was no capo on. Overall, I'm happy with this brand. Highly recommended.
I have a Electric Bass Guitar and needed to Capo. After looking at &#34;reviews&#34; I like this one the best. I'm very happy with it and it works great without any problems. The size is &#34;Just Right&#34;, not too small or Big ...
Nice cushion on both sides,  on-string and the back of the arm. Stays very firm on the arm. It'll stay still even if you accidentally bump on it while playing.The 4-star is just to alert that it may be a problem for people with not so strong hands, like kids,  as the spring is very tough.
It's a little harder to open than other capos I've used, but it works perfectly once you get used to the toughness of it. It's not cheap and flimsy, though! I don't see this one wearing down anytime soon! Now stop reading this review and buy this capo! You wont regret it!
This is an update to my original review because I have now fully tested two of these capos.  I'm truly surprised by all the good reviews here.  I'm not sure how it's possible.  I've already outlined below in my original review that these are not Jim Dunlop capos.  I had purchased two, which I have now given away to student players as I cannot use them.  I tested the capos on a standard acoustic and also an electric guitar.  The E string buzzes when the capo is applied and no amount of adjusting the capo would stop the buzz from occurring. Both capos had this very same problem.When I received these capos, I noticed right away that they were not the same excellent quality as actual Jim Dunlop capos.  The craftsmanship was visibly lower quality and the materials used are a lesser quality than official Jim Dunlop capos.  The rubber has a strong odor and there is no brand-name printed anywhere on the product.  As a professional musician, I need to purchase reputable brand-name products because I can't afford to have my gear failing during performances.  I have no idea about the future performance of these capos because they have no apparent brand, and no measurable reputation.  When I contacted the seller, they were not honest with me.
A quality, low-cost capo that is so easy to use that does a perfect job and claps on the guitar strap out of the way when not in use
This Capo is solid and well made. I use it on my seagull acoustic, and Fender Stratocaster. No problems at all.
The Jim Dunlop 83CB capo has a powerful spring and works on both 6 and 12 string guitars.  Just squeeze and slide it where you need it.  Available in several finishes to match your taste.
Its nice and easy to use.  Secures the strings very good and works for all types of guitars with no issues.
Does what it is supposed to do. It is pretty good quality and durable too. Quick, simple and efficient.  I would definitely buy again. Highly recommended.
I really like the one-handed operation, and I really do prefer that the access to it is behind the fret board instead of out front. That makes it easier to reach for a quick change, and for easy on/off. I've been a Jim Dunlop fan for more than 40 years, and this product just reinforces that!
What a great device.  This is the first 'quick-change' capo I've owned.  I used to use those old stretchy things.  Since I play at some jams, it's important that I can change quickly and accurately.  Move it from fret to fret and the guitar stays in tune.
Great capo! I've tried a lot of other capos, including some pretty expensive brand name capos, and these are still unbeatable at keeping just the right pressure on the strings.
Although it is touted for acoustic guitars, it works well with my Ibanez Electric as well as my dreadnaught and acoustic/electric. The spring is tough and it holds securely. On and off is a quick process if you have the hand/finger strength to operate it. I rate it 4 stars only because I just received it and haven't had a chance to use it much. But, I like it so far. It was delivered quickly. It does the job. I'll update after I've had it for awhile.
Thought I'd try this but there's another brand that I prefer.  Needed to re-shift this capo a lot to get it to hold down strings evenly and not mute some.
I have owned other capos, but this one is simply the best. I doesn't take up a lot of room on the fret, yet the springs are strong and will hold properly for a long time.
I've used mine on my electric and acoustic guitars and it is easy to use, quick to reposition, frets the strings properly. It is cost effective and looks good. Nice to have a color option, not the usual black that everyone else seems to have.I need a wider one for my 52mm classic guitar's neck that is also flat. This capo cannot work with it.If I lost it, I would definitely get another just like it.
This is actually the first capo I have ever owned, as I am pretty new to playing the guitar. That being said, I paid close to $14 with free shipping for this capo, and I feel it is a good value. It feels well constructed, like it won't break if I drop it. The capo fits nice and tight on all six strings. Ample padding mitigates any marring of the guitar's neck. The spring mechanism is plenty tight, but not too tight to easily move or remove the capo single handed, even while playing. The capo is sleek looking, and a bit smaller than I was expecting at 3&#34; x 3&#34;, but I have no frame of reference for comparison.Item was shipped on time, and packaged in the original Dunlop packaging. Part number: 83CB, Made in USA! No counterfeit here. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and I will answer as best I can. Thanks for reading.SPO
Not that it's a huge deal - but I quite prefer this capo over any other capo I've used.  It just has the most solid build quality and the simple pull style of loosening and tightening works better and more quickly than the type that "snap" into place.I own several of these now and whenever I mis-place one (which happens too often!) I come back to purchase another.If you're looking for a capo I highly recommend using this Dunlop model.
...but for a small woman with small hands, it's difficult to operate.  It also exerts a whole lot of pressure on the strings, which can't be good for them.  I ordered a Schubb brand capo that's much easier to operate and doesn't smash the strings like a brute because the pressure is adjustable.  The only drawback to the Schubb is you can't clip it to the headstock, a convenience that's important to a lot of professional musicians.  I'm keeping both, if I need the convenience of this clip on style I'll use it.  When playing at home I'll use the more gentle Schubb.
I had always used the Kyser clip-on-the-top capos (and still do), but I liked the look on this Dunlop clip-on-the-bottom model. It works great and looks better.
I've been learning for a little over a year and have had this capo for about that long . Though my playing still isn't very strong , the capo still is. I don't use it hardly at all but when I do I usually end up playing around with it quite a bit. My point being it gets tested more than the amount of times I use it. It's simply engineered of fairly heavy duty design so I don't expect any issue at anytime soon.
This acessorie is well builded and don't change the guitar's pitch. No damages guitars neck. It's so easy to use
Grips the neck well and keeps the strings immobile even when strumming real hard. Feels a little awkward trying to put the capo on with one hand, but I guess that's how all of them are. Works very well on acoustic guitars
