I've tried a lot of strings and these are my favorites, although I use the heavier MLT 2036 strings sometimes.These ones bend easier. The heavier ones have a better low end and buzz less.Both last as well as the more expensive Ball and Gore (elixir), coated strings I have used.And I like the sound better.
I tried the Dean Markley Blue Steel Light accoustic strings on my Takamine guitar, and will soon replace them.  On quality control, the high E steel string in the set looks bad with dark spots on it, two of which show after stringing the guitar.  String did not break as I rather expected, but it looks bad.  On sound, these seemed okay at first, but I still find it hard to keep in tune after a week, especially the high B and E steel strings, which just don't sound that good to me.  And I find the low E wound string notes tend to be too high as I move up the neck, more so than other sets I have used.Guess I'll go back to D'Addario and Ernie Ball.
As old strings slowly start to stretch and wear out, you hardly notice the sound quality deteriorate. But it's important to replace them every month or two, even if you hear no problem with the current strings. Playing on fresh strings is the best experience ever!These Blue Steel light strings sound like gold. The crisp and solid vibration is just top notch! Probably better than any other light strings I've bought. They needed to be tuned often before they settled in, but all new strings do. I haven't used them long enough to give a review on how well they hold up, but I'll be updating in a month or so. So far, they are great. Definitely recommended!
Best strings ever
Strung these up on a Seagull guitar to replace some strings that were several years old and the gauge and action of the guitar killed my fingers so it didn't get played much. These strings feel great and sound fantastic. Very bright defined highs and great rumbling lows.
Nothing sounds as bright as these strings. I've tried many, and these are the best by far. I know, cause I play'em geetar real good-like.
this strings are just for starters because they feel really light but sound too weird so if u want to buy a really good for pro please but martin
They sound great. They helped revive an old acoustic guitar that had been buried in a closet for years (along with a very thorough cleaning). I don't have any opinion on the "feel" of these strings like some reviewers. I honestly didn't notice anything different. I bought them because I wanted great strings on an old cheap guitar in order to get the best sound possible. These strings did that just fine. The guitar now sounds great. Job completed.
