We bought the Pyle-Pro Lavalier Wireless Microphone System for use with thePyle Pwma230. We needed an extra wireless mic for our workshop presenters and this was a very inexpensive choice. For the price, this worked a lot better than I expected but it did take some adjustment to the "Trim Screw" on the receiver to get the clarity and range needed. We also had to tape the little wire antenna up so it wasn't hanging in front of the speaker (this might not be an issue for you, depending on where you plug yours in).There are a lot of very expensive wireless mic units that I'm sure would provide better sound and range, but this one works just fine for our uses.Overall, a good value for the low cost of this unit.
Barring any interference from any other devices or radio stations broadcasting on the same frequency and any manufacturer's defects ... the unit does what it was meant to do. I do however question whether the word "Pro" should apply to this system. Although the 1/4 inch mono plug that comes with the receiver offers the ability of plugging directly into most powered speaker systems or to a mixer, the overall quality of the audio brought back memories of mornings standing outside the classroom with my schoolmates and listening first to the national anthem being played and then announcements coming out of the pa system. The signal does experience some fading when the transmitter is moved about. To its defense, it is fighting against a radio music station broadcasting at near band frequency which can be received if the transmitter is off or further than 25 feet away.After playing with the device for a couple more minutes, I noticed that any movement whether I kept the receiver and transmitter stationary and I moved about my home or moved just the transmitter about severely affected the quality of the reception. Even the length of the mic cord, whether wound up or straight or even just gathered around the sending unit had an adverse effect on the sound output quality. YIKES!!! Perhaps its because of the competing signal its receiving from another source which I previously described above. I'm afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes. I'll probably be returning this unit asap.
If you have a better mic, you can plug that into the transmitter as it's a simple mini jack (1/8&#34;) and that helps this sound wise quite a bit!  I will say range is not great, it won't go 500 feet like my expensive Sennheiser kit but this will go about 30 feet line of sight before  cutting out.Note it's VHF, not UHF so it is more prone to interference.I find the transmitters' to be cheap and the battery cover does not fit all that well.  I also wish it was an XLR connection.  A lock on the plug to the transmitter would also have been nice and note the clip and all that is plastic so don't toss this around or it WILL break.For general use in doors, it's decent and for sure worth the price...but if you're looking for something clear, you should look to spend at least $500 on a wireless lapel or handheld system.
Bought this as a back-up to my AT system and have only tried it in my living room. Home tests show it works fairly well in that environment although I think I hear a little distortion if I turn the gain up too much (I don't think you can change the gain on the AT system). My only nitpick is that I'll need to use an adapter to go from the guitar plug to a 1/8&#34;. For the price, it's amazing. I just hope it works in the field as well.
I bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? Why not? I *might* be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much I fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver... nothing works. The audio is always clipped. Don't even think of using this for music.
Arrive, in trashed packing, but the worst was that it sounded like a piece of chalk on a blackboard... certainly NOT professional quality or any quality that I would give it.
My wife & myself are a Celtic duo and a number of our shows are at renaiessance fairs where no visable pa equipment is allowed. We considered a wireless to use with a battery powered Crate Taxi which could easily be hidden but most wireless receivers need a power outlet & at these events no power is available. When I saw this at the price offered  and that both the mic transmitter and the receiver were battery powered I thought it was worth a try. In the past we had a problem keeping an audiance because at some events where the natural acoustics are less than stellar they just plain couldn't hear the stories in the songs. We use this to give our voices a small, unobvious boost. It kind of has the effect of adding a tweeter to a speaker in that it gives our voices the clairity to be understood. The result has been that audiances now stay for the entire show, laughing at the comedy, crying at the tragedy.  Our tips & cd sales have gone WAY up. Is it high fidelity? Quite simply, no. But in our case it works beautifully. Recommended, just remember the price point and you won't be disappointed.
