I put these strings on my Guild acoustic electric. I play mainly rhythm guitar to accompany my singing and do a bit of fingerpicking.The warmth of phosphor bronze strings suits my style and these strings have a great tone with crisp high notes and full rich bass ends.They are made by Taylor and all Taylor guitars come with Elixir strings. Saving up for a Taylor, in the meantime, at least I can afford the strings!These are very good long-lasting strings. To me, D'addario are just as good. Things like strings and picks are subjective. Try different brands to find what suits you best. If you are a serious player with a good guitar you should definitely check these strings out.
I ordered this for my husband, the musician.  He said these are high quality strings giving great tone and good feel.  He would definitely purchase this product again.
I had used Elixer strings for several years on both 6 and 12 string guitars. Somehow, I had gravitated over to Martin PB about a year ago (when I acquired a new Martin... Surprise!) I got a set of these strings through the Vine program and chose to try them out on a Gibson Songwriter Studio Deluxe CE RATHER than on a Taylor or Martin. The result is outstanding - So much so, that I am beginning to restring all 7 of my acoustic and acoustic-electric guitars with Elixers again.They are even smoother and easier to play that I remembered them. Of course, these new strings have improved the technology which becomes more and more important to me as my fingers age right along with the rest of my body. The sound is sweet and warm and the Gibson has never sounded better - played plugged-in or unplugged.Elixer definitely still has the edge. Thanks to Bob Taylor and his crew for collaborating on something that benefits all guitar players - no matter what it says on the head stocks of our instruments.
True to phosphor bronze these strings have a mellow and full sound.  You still get finger noise as you slide your fingers when setting up for the next chord, but the noise is somewhat less. I have used other Elixir nonweb coated strings and these strings are in par with them.  I can't speak to the string life.  The boast of these strings is that will last 3 to 5 times longer, and if that is the case, I will run out of time to submit my feedback.  So far now, they sound great, feel great...and if they don't last as long as the other Elixirs, you'll still come out ahead since they shouldn't cost any more.
I've used Elixirs for about five years now. This set offers the same great sound for my acoustic as their electric strings provide for my electric. Some people don't like the polymer (nanoweb) that coats the string, but I find that it cuts back on string noise. Sliding your fingers around doesn't cause too much noise, and with acoustic strings I find that very important, especially if you're using a piezo pickup in your instrument. Phosphor Bronze has always been a great alloy for acoustic guitars IMHO. These are great strings, worth the money, and sound great. They also last 3 times longer than regular, non-coated strings in my experience (been playing for 24yrs). Great product.
I'm a D'Addario man myself, but hey free is free.  So I jumped at a chance to try these strings out.  Thus far they have proven durable both in terms of playability and longevity of tone.  So many other variables to consider when rating strings such as the guitar they go on, the gauge of string being used, the playing style and climate of the end user, etc.  These are a solid performing string set, though I am unlikely to switch allegiances from D'Addario any time soon.  Still there is no reason to fear trying these Elixir's out.
I really like these strings.  While they are not quite as bright sounding as uncoated strings, they still sound better than many other strings, AND they last so much longer.  They will easily out last a set of uncoated strings by at least 2x... probably closer to 3x.  Nice tactile feel on the right hand with reduced squeak as you move up & down the neck.Bottom line is Elixir's sound great, play well and least a really long time.
I have lots of friends who play these strings. Some love them more than any other string, and some are like me. They're clearly good strings, and I love the way they play and feel on my fingertips, but I can't get past the sound. It could just be about how the strings sound on my particular guitars, but in any case, I'm not happy with the sound and that's why I have a hard time giving them a solid five-star rating.I tried these on two separate guitars I play regularly, and wasn't terribly impressed with the sound on either. One is a vintage dreadnought mahogany guitar that normally has excellent tone, and is crisp, clear and fairly loud. These strings softened the tone, which I wasn't looking to do. They sound okay, but nowhere near as good as the Martin SPs I use to really bring out the best in that guitar.I also have a cutaway electric/acoustic I use to sing with because it's fairly quiet, and the softer tones don't drown out my voice. These strings made the guitar even more quiet, and there was a considerable drop-off in tone quality as well. They might have been cheap, old strings, because I couldn't tell that there was anything special about them. This particular guitar didn't have spectacular sound to begin with, and these strings did nothing to improve it. I like strings to either sound as good as other strings, or improve the tone and pull more from the guitar. These strings did neither for me. However, they sound just great when the instrument was plugged through an amp.Based upon my experimentation, I would guess that if you have a great sounding guitar and you're not a fanatic about slight drops in tonal quality, you'll love the way these strings feel and play. I rate them excellent in that category. But for me, tone is 80% of the equation. I'd play wire-wrapped rope if it sounded better than regular strings. In the tonal category, these strings fell short. On a guitar with excellent tone, I noticed a distinct drop in tone quality, and on another softer, more muted guitar, tone quality vanished.In the final analysis, if you're a picker and your guitar can be plugged in, you'll love these strings. If you're really into great acoustic tone and your guitar doesn't have stellar tone to begin with, you might gain some 'playability,' but you will most likely experience a slight drop in tonal quality.
Great, just as expected.  Thank to all.
I've been thinking about trying the Nanoweb strings for a while, but I was a bit put off by the high price (they cost about twice as much as the uncharted strings I've been buying)  and the comments of some reviewers that the tone of coated strings is noticeably duller. I was intrigued by the promise of long life, though; I have a Taylor Big Baby that I bought used, and which came with a set of Nanowebs that had probably been on it for a year- and they didn't sound at all like old strings. This review set gave me a chance to finally see for myself how they sound when new.I'd just changed the strings on my 1970s Gibson Gospel a week ago, so I decided that would be my reference. The Nanowebs went on my 1970s Guild D-35. Both are well broken in, solid spruce top guitars. The Gospel is a bit brighter sounding, but I'm pretty familiar with the sound of both guitars. If they D-35 sounded dull, I'd notice.As I was unwrapping the Nanowebs I noticed that while they were labeled "Light" gauge, they had a 0.013" E string- something you'd be more likely to find on a set of medium gauge strings. The B was a .017, compared to the .016 of the D'Addarios I usually play. The rest of the strings were there usual light gauges. Turns out that these are "HD Light" gauge, designed to have a slightly more tension and better articulation at the high end. The difference shouldn't be enough to require any truss rod adjustment so I went ahead and installed them on the D-35.So how do they sound? The unwound E and B don't sound different from any other plain steel string, of course. The E does feel a tiny bit stiffer, when I switch between the D-35 and the Gospel. Sound-wise, I'd say they sound like a good set that have been on a guitar for a day. I wouldn't call them dull by any stretch of the imagination. If I didn't know that they were coated strings I certainly wouldn't be able to tell from playing them. So they're good sounding strings, and they last a long time. That leaves the question of cost- are they worth twice the price of uncoated strings?Here's the way I see it: If you're a heavy strummer, or playing gigs every night, maybe not. You're probably breaking strings or losing them to metal fatigue long before they'd go dull from corrosion or contamination. But if you're a finger picker, or a light strummer, a coated string will probably save you a lot of money in the long run. And if you're a hobby player who keeps a guitar around the house, and picks it up once in a while to entertain friends or family, coated strings are probably an excellent choice. For myself, I'm going to leave these on the D-35 for as long as they still sound good. I'll update this review when I find out just how long they do last.Follow up: After playing these for a few days, I actually went out and bought a set in the same gauge for my Loar LH-350, an arch top guitar with a carved top that gets played more than any of my other guitars. They sound great on the Loar, and now I have two guitars to do a long term test on.
I have tried coated strings in the past ( including Elixirs) and have never been very fond of them. Whenever I tried them I felt a certain disconnect from my guitar. Somewhat reminiscent of wearing condom. Not that I hated them, just didn't really love them. These are the best ones I've tried so far. I still don't like them as much as regular strings but because of the type of gigs I mostly do these seem to be a reasonable trade off. If you need a longer lasting string for whatever the reason these are really the best out there. After a dozen or so gigs with them, they still sound the same as when I put them on.
Well, MADE by Elixir and DEVELOPED with Taylor Guitars ... these strings were designed for the new 800 (Rosewood) series guitars that came out this year (2014) ... the promise is a &#34;bolder high end, fuller low end&#34; ... I am a long-time Taylor owner and favor their 800 series (Rosewood/Spruce is my favorite combo in tone woods) ... I have almost always used Elixir Nanoweb Phosphor Bronze lights on my guitars ... I like not only the tone but the feel and longevity of these strings ... I have never had any issues with Elixir Nanowebs ... I recently picked up an 812ce First Edition 12-Fret ... such a fine instrument and it came with the Elixir HD's ... took some getting used to as far as feel (due to the slightly higher gauges of the treble strings - E, B & G) ... but as far as sound, they are great ... the D, A & low E strings are no different from the regular Elixir PB Lights so I am not sure about the claim of &#34;fuller low end&#34; ... compared to what?  Unless the extra string tension of the treble strings also contributes to a little more bass response ... I am not sure how these strings will perform on guitars other than Taylor's but what anyone should notice is more volume and clarity from the treble strings ... that is what I notice most from the HD's compared to the regular ... I still find no fault with the regular Elixir Nanaweb PB's but will most likely continue to run the HD's on my 12-fret ... I may also try them on my older 814ce just to see if there is any difference/improvement ... so far I find the set well balanced with good clarity and sustain ... try them out and make your own decision ...
These strings are really quite good, but I wouldn't call them perfect.  The unwound strings are not quite as bright as I am accustomed to, but they still ring nicely.  This is the only complaint I have about these strings.  If the unwound strings were a tiny bit brighter, these would be 5-star strings.  As it stands, I give them 4.5 stars... not a big knock, actually.The low-end on the wound strings is very nice and quite warm.  I put these on a jumbo and it definitely accentuates the &#34;jumbo&#34; aspect of my acoustic.  The sound is very big, full, and nice.Definitely a recommended product!4.5/5 stars
