These replaced the ETB92 nylon tapewounds I tried. I didn't realize how much low end I was missing until I put these on. Very nice.
My bass-playing has gone on for 50 years,...and during the time I've tried lots of strings on my many bass guitars.  I know from that experience how the quality and construction of strings has improved over the decades.This set of D'Addario chromes is remarkable.  It's a flat wound string with all the smoothness and quiet character found in that string type.  In this set, I especially like the 4th string at .100&#34; dia. This set, by its design, gives a very strong and powerful signal to the amp,...and therefore makes even my Schecter Diamond Series 4-string sound largely like the early P-bass with bottom to spare.  There's a 'however'.... and this is it,....this string is NOT muddy sounding like many flat wounds.  Clean, bold, and full of smooth overtones that work well.  I really like them.  The price is fair, and we'll see what kind of life they exhibit, as I don't want to be spending lots of hard-to-find cash on new strings at a frequency that is aggravating.Don P.
Well, that's overstating it a little, but several people told me I wouldn't like FW strings on my bass. I wanted to try them to get closer to an earlier electric bass sound, smoother and more mellow. I considered RWs to be way too bright on my guitar. So I put these on my 1978 MusicMan Sting-Ray bass. I only have a little Peavey practice amp, which may account for how bright these still sound. But I love them. I have to dial the active EQ treble control all the way down, this is just a bright-sounding bass! But I wanted more of a stand-up doghouse bass sound, like early basses had. I have a low-level Hofner violin bass, also with FWs on it (it shipped with RWs,what were they thinking???), but I loves me my MusicMan. And I love the sound of these strings. Oddly, a smidgen of the wrap extends below the nut, but it doesn't seem to affect the sound. As soon as I get a REAL amp, I expect these to completely satisfy. And they WILL pop, but then again, this is an awesome bass, made during Leo's time with MM. But if you want that real "vintage" sound, these are pretty damn good. Lack of a good amp, and not knowing how long they'll last is why I gave them 4 stars. Otherwise, 5 star all the way.
Yeah, i bought these for my friend' s band and their sound are really very impressive. Great durability and tone.
Maybe it's because I cut my musical teeth on Motown and 60s rock, but I've always preferred the sound of flatwound strings to round wound, or even ground wound strings. It might also have something to do with the fact I play upright as well. Flatwounds are easier on the fingers of both hands, and they have a natural damping that makes them sound more upright-like to my ears. It doesn't hurt that a good set of flat wounds will last practically forever, too. I use D'Daddarios on all my my electric guitars and basses as I've found them to be very consistent from set to set, and the sealed plastic packaging means that I can buy a set today, put it in my case, and it's be as good as new a year later.I used to use LaBella flats on my fretless, and then switched to Thomastik Jazz Flats. Then a friend told me he'd switched from the Thomastiks to these.  He found them much more consistent in quality, and smoother as well. I'm now a convert, too.
I recently picked up aSquier Fretlessbass.  As with any guitar, the factory strings left much to be desired.  With fretted basses, I'd always liked strings with a little brassiness.  But round-wounds just didn't feel (or sound) right on a fretless.  Small vibrato was hard to achieve with the string friction.  And round-wounds just didn't have that acoustic sound.  There were quite a few choices for fretless strings, but I've always liked D'Addarios on my 6-string guitars.  These flat-wounds were a perfect choice.  They've got plenty of bottom, but the midrange is more pronounced than other strings.  The bass sounds more like a 'real' bass.  And the action is now so smooth. I can use a small vibrato when I like--no longer restricted to the wide Jaco-style.There are all sorts of bassists who look for all different sorts of sounds.  But there's something about a fretless that attracts a particular sort of player--the player who wants a bit of that upright bass sound.  As soon as I put these on, I felt like I was home.
