Holds ~8-10 picks depending on thickness. I stick it on top of my amp so ive always got a pick close by.
I was using the bigger triangle kind before. The one that's more universal. But I only use the tortex pics. So I got this. They fit perfect. And they don't move around so much like with the bigger triangle one.
I am just learning the mandolin and bought this as a afterthought and I am glad I did, I am a longtime guitar player and the way you hold a pick for a guitar and for a mandolin are totally different combine this with the twin string setup on the mandolin and how close the twin strings are to each other and I have suddenly developed a case of the clumsys as far as keeping hold of my pick, its bad enough dropping my pick in the middle of a jam session but it would be worse having to go fishing around for it or a replacement, I stuck this on the back of my mandolins head between the strap and the tuners so when I drop my pick I just flick a new one out and continue on.
I might have done something wrong...I read in a review that these hold six picks.It held three real well but on the fourth insert the thing just fell apart...I'll just keep using my pockets.
This pick holder works for me. It holds a number of picks well and easily discharges when needed. It fits my Jasmine well. Buy it from GO-DPS since they have one of the best customer service and quality products!
this product works just fine..spring loaded...so load the picks up...wish they would hold a couple more...but im happy...i keep in guitar case  and very handy to have...enjoy
This is exactly what I was looking for to go into my case or my pocket. I will not put this on the back of my guitar but you do have the option. Perfect fit for medium picks. Ease of use, and durable. Have purchased another one! Good deal!
This is an OK solution to keeping your picks handy and organized; at least you can have one place where you can find a pick, as opposed to having them scattered all over the house and in every case, but a small baggie will work just as well. Maybe you have to get to one in a hurry on stage? Sometimes (depending on the amount and size of the pick) it's hard to get the pick out of the holder, and if you use something other than the standard shape, forget it.  It has an adhesive backing, so I guess you can stick it on your amp/guitar/wall/small animal, but I'd rather not.
Man, this thing would not even hold my normal sized picks! DO NOT BUY - it is a wast of money... ug!
It only holds 5 heavy picks but to be fair there has to be a spring in there so its ok.  The tapered design might be to make picks eject easier?  I never owned one of these so have nothing to compare to.  Except.  I did get those wedgie pick holders and those are definitely the way to go for picks on guitars.  These are good don't get me wrong.
I'm rather disappointed with this item as I put only FOUR (4) picks into it when it snapped apart. I use the Dunlop Tortex 1.0 mm picks and perhaps that's where I was at fault - I maybe should left it at three picks.However, my bench vise and some superglue have remedied the situation nicely. Thus beware of how many picks and their gauge BEFORE you push them into this holder.I give it 3 out of 5 stars for reasons stated.
Yet another awesome low cost guitar accessories from Jim Dunlop put the picks where you need them literally anywhere you need them stick it to the ceiling  if you got to
Like all of Dunlop products, this worked great.  It's real convenient on those rare occasions when you drop a pick in the middle of a performance.  I'm a Dunlop fan.
This Dunlop "Ergo Pickholder" is so convenient for storing picks directly on the guitar. This is a great way to always have picks handy, especially if you drop one while playing. Here are my observations:+ Small Size; is fairly unobtrusive when mounted to the guitar+ Easy to Attach; just peel of the paper backing and stick it where needed+ Good Capacity; easily holds 6 picksMy only note of caution is that if you overload this and then fumble pulling out a pick, you are likely to get more then one dispensed in your hand. Try it once or twice and it is easy to avoid.RecommendedCFH
I purchased this pickholder for my son who has a nasty habit of leaving things in places they don't belong.  The holder keeps his picks in a place he is sure to find.  Best purchase I have made.
it hold my picks well, but some are to big for it and the tape/foam on the bottom looses the stick quickly. im neutral on this one.
Genius concept. It works for me perfectly. I no longer lose or misplace my picks. Easy to to snap the pick out of it and place it back in. It'll depend on  where you decide to place this Pickholder, I placed mine right above the jack plug
I own three of these, and have them attached to the back of my headstocks. Great idea, great concept and great quality. Only problem is that they do not work with the smaller picks that I have recently adopted. Dunlop Jazz III, the Dunlop Max-Grip Jazz IIIs and my Dava Jazz picks just won't stay in there without slipping out.For regular sized picks, it's a perfect product. For smaller sized picks I improvise by using SD card cases -- perfect fit for jazz picks.
Does what it says!  I live the rounded edges and more streamlined apperance,  it dosnt jump out and scream look what someone stuck to this fine guiitar,  like some of the brightly colored plastic ones on the market seem to do,  this is obviously higher quality.  Well made,  a nice spring inside its practically invisible but there to slip out a pick on the fly whenever you need one!
I love this little item.  I was reluctant sticking anything on my nice new Fender but I love it.  No more hunting for picks anymore.  When I am through playing a just slide my pick back into the holder and it's always there when I pick up the guitar.Placement is everything though so think it out before you just stick in on your guitar.  I placed mine where I'd never rub against it, between the amp cord inlet and a control knob.  Make sure it isn't in the way of your strumming or any place your body will rub against it.I love this and have one coming for my acoustic too, only it is the wood grain version to match the wood on the guitar.Oh, I use medium picks and fit 7 easily into the holder and wouldn't try to squeeze another on in, but that's why you have a gig bag anyway.  This is a must have item, in my opinion.
I use Clayton 1.26mm picks, a heavy pick but certainly not oversized. My picks don't fit!!! If I shove them in, I can't get them out. Also, this thing is huge for the back of the neck.
This pick holder is pretty awesome. It's nice to have a place for picks on the guitar. If you're anything like me I always keep a pick in the strings up by the neck of the guitar. NOT ANYMORE! They now sit in this beautiful little pick holder attached to my guitar!!!
It didn't seem like slight difference in shape would make it almost useless. It may work well with Dunlop picks but not for thePlanet Waves 10 Standard Guitar Picks - Duralin Blue ###GT!!! Medium/Heavy, also the thicker the pick, the fewer it will hold. It has sticky back foam tape on it for mounting to a surface like your amp or whatnot. I've found it mostly not useful thus far, maybe it would help more when playing live so I can grab for a pick and know they will be there.
This is a very good pickholder by Dunlop and looks much nicer than the regular Dunlop 5000 or 5005 - It does what it should and looks more esthetical than the Dunlop 5000 or 5005 versions. It does not hold more picks than its predecessors 5000 and 5005. It actually holds a couple of picks less. It holds some 4 or maybe 5 picks while the 5005 holds around 7 (if you use 0.60. gauge picks or lower). I did the test just for the heck of it with several picks. Since I use the Planet Waves Chrome Dome stainless steel picks (Joe Satriani), I only need to keep a couple on the holder plus the one I am playing with, so for me it does the job perfectly. I have a nice 2013 Paul Reed Smith Custom 24 with a beautiful and very stylish carved maple top, so I needed the pickholder to look better to better match to it. The adhesive works perfect and will not damage your guitar's top if placed as instructed. Place it gently, no need to press it too hard. Alean the surface very well before placing but do not use carnauba or any polishing material or gel before installing - Just regular guitar top cleaner (I use the PRS cleaner for example). Cheers!
I seriously do is so small and cute and it goes on the back of my guitar and I have great access to it. Fantastic.
Very nice, smooth, no sharp edges, not much bigger than the picks it's holding (it holds about 10 of my favorite thin Mel Bay picks) ... the only issue is, the spring clip that pushes the picks to the top, is a little too strong, and was warping my thin picks, but I just put one very stiff pick at the bottom of the pile, and it's fine.
I have mi picks available and all in the same place with this pickholder. You can stick it to the guitar. Is light and cheap.Go for it.
Does what it is designed to do, it holds about 6 picks.  Small piece of adhesive tape on the back. The supplier refunded some of the postage.  Amazon promised to credit my account $10 (credit never appeared) for the highly inflated shipping costs.  A $2 item cost $17.70 for shipping!  Be careful and read everything before you click to submit the order.
As with all Dunlop products this pickholder is fair priced and functional.  It does what it is intended to do, holds my picks!  It actually works well.  The picks go in and come out nicely.
Every once in awhile, while browsing through Amazon, I come across something I don't know how I got along without!! And it really works!
In my humble opinion, the pictures make the product look purple.  They're not purple.  At least the ones I was sent.  They were charcoal.I bought them specifically to use with my daughter's purple Washburn guitar, so it's kind of annoying.Other than the color, there's nothing wrong with them.
I quess this pic holder may be a pretty good idea but just not something I would use but as I said, It's ok.
this item is light in weight and you can stick it on the side of your guitar to hold many different picks, you will make sure to fine you picks the next time you need them
Hi I need this item for travelling and it has work very well. I am pleased I have purchased this little yet great product.
Nice, holds picks better then my old one, and best of all... It comes with one free disintegrating pick! It is really awesome, all you have to do is alt-pick in 16th, and watch it dissapear before your very eyes! Lol, great product though.
Nice little device.  We'll see how long it lasts (a cheap little plastic thing really) but so far it does the job and holds about 6 or so medium picks easily without issue.  I use it with the medium dunlop picks.  Glad I got it.
I hated having to put the pick between strings.  And now that I have a ton of picks, I can convientently put them in this little thing that attaches to the guitar.  Im still weary of putting it on my guitar because it has a matte finish, and I dont want to ruin it.  But the instructions say it should be fine.  I think I might put it on my amplifier instead because having it on the guitar might get in the way as well, still deciding on that.  But for the price you pay for this, it's a no brainer for any musician.
Good-sized holder. I placed it between the tuners & it fits like it was made for that spot which is out of the way most of the time. Just enough tension to hold the picks & not too strong to to make it hard for me to remove them. Highly recommended.
This little item saves you the hassle to carry picks everywhere (wallet for example), and lets you securely carry many picks with you. I tought it would include at least a courtesy pair of picks, but it doesn't. I'm not complaining about it, but I think it would be a nice extra.Great buy!
it holds about 6 to 7 picks.  pressure is just right and overall size is very nice and adequate.  would recommend.
Very handy to have.  Could peel paper off bottom and stick to guitar (or something) to keep your picks close at hand.  I haven't done that myself as I don't want to mess up the finish of my guitar but could see it being handy. Picks fit snug but slide out easily when needed.
It is really the best pick holder i ever had. I can put 6, 7 picks on it. It says very tight on the headstock and its visual is superb, I recommend.
It's actually sleek looking and although I didn't have the nerve to actually stick this to my guitar, it's a lot easier to find this in my guitar bag or even in my room than a few stray picks here and there. It holds about 8 medium size picks for me and I'm sure I'll lose a lot less picks because of it! It's almost kind of fun putting my pick in this thing..is that weird to say? Just buy it already!
I have ordered several of these - like 6 or 7.  I love them.  They are great for holding picks & make wonderful gifts.
Simple, but elegant in size for placement in a guitar case. This a great device to put my genuine 'Planet Waves' signature picks in. Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
I always lose my damn picks, this helps. Hopefully I don't lose this pick holder that would really suck because there is like ten in there!
I can't compare this product to any others because this is the only pick holder I use. I have bought dozens of these over the years and have one on every guitar I own. And every student I've ever had, has one on their guitar as well. They are very strong and the adhesive is outstanding. They stay in place for as long as you want them to and at the same time, they can be easily removed and relocated. After relocation they are just as sturdy in the next location as they were in the prior location. I have had as many as 12 picks stored in one and as few as ONE pick stored in others. No matter how many picks you store, or for how long, the spring action loader never loses its resistance. I highly recommend these. I personally will never even try any others as I am so pleased with this product. If you or a student of yours tend to drop a lot of picks, this is the product for you.
Attach one of these to your guitar with the included adhesive strip, and you'll always have a spare pick at the ready.
It's just unbelievable how well this device holds picks.  I mean, you just insert your guitar picks in this device and BAM - it holds them!  No further action is necessary! And when you need a pick - you just pull one out, and there it is!What will they think of next?
Nothing too crazy here. It holds your picks and sticks to your guitar. So far so good. Feels pretty durable, I'm sure it will last quite a while.
Had no issues in the 2 months. There is a red pick that is supposed to say inside under your 'real' picks, which helps with its looks.
I have a black composite acoustic guitar and this little pickholder stays stuck right where the neck meets the body.  People watching me can't really see it, and it's right where I need it, full of picks, if I drop one.  Wonderful little invention.  Buy it, if you don't want to carry a mess of picks in your guitar case or pocket.
If you're always dropping picks, losing picks, breaking picks, this is perfect to have. Fits about 5-8 guitar picks or so. Stickies onto your guitar, wherever. There seems to be enough sticky-ness to move it around a few times and still have ti grip like new.
My picks fall out way too easy while i'm playing live
Great addition to a guitar pickers bag of tricks. It does hold plenty of picks for a gig or practice. It does not take up much room & it sure feels good to have extra picks close by so that you do not have to scramble to find another one.
Love the holder and the picks looke great and nice  and I don't have to look around for my picks when I'm ready to play my guitar
Perfect size and does it's job. had one pick inside as a place holder. Stick tape holds it anywhere you want it. Cheap and easy.
It is not expensive, but the item is sort of cheap.  I could have used a baggy to hold my picks.
The pick holder work as described. I have not used the adhesive to attach the pick holder to my guitar yet but it stays attached to the head piece by sliding it between strings from the tuning pegs on the head piece. It is only sized for a standard size guitar pick so if you use small picks or large picks it will not hold your pick. It works well for standard guitar picks and will hold 5 or 6 picks if you like different thickness picks you can have a variety of picks that will store on the guitar or other pick instrument.
I store my picks in there and I put it by my table. It's a sturdy pick holder and it gets the job done.
This is fine as a general stick-on inexpensive pick holder. It doesn't hold very many picks, but it really doesn't have to. I would give this five stars except that I really prefer the Planet Waves LED key chain/pick holder over this. It costs more but has more functional value to me. If all you need is something very simple, and you have a surface you can stick it on, then this is fine.
I lose picks constantly. Years ago I resorted to placing them between the srings in the neck of the guitar when Im not playing it. That of course leads to bent picks and still, lost picks. This thing is great. I load it up with alternating  (hard and soft) picks so I can easily swap out between songs. Best $3 I've ever spent.
I bought this so I can keep some extra picks handy... now if I can just decide where to adhere it, to my guitar or my music stand?  Or to the desk where I sit and play?  Maybe I should just get one for each spot and each instrument...  Yeah, I think a few of these would be nice.
it sticks on forever and holds lots of picks. It does exactly what it says it does. its also very cheap.
Designed to accommodate most "standard" shaped guitar picks, this Dunlop pick holder is handy little spring loaded device, for storing picks.  You can mix brands and types, but how many picks can fit inside, will vary from around three, to perhaps a dozen.  As a guide, about 10 Dunlop 0.60mm nylon picks will fit, but only 4 Dunlop 1.50mm Delrin picks.  Even thick irregular picks like the Dunlop 3.0 Big Stubby will fit, however the total number will be greatly reduced.Build quality is good, but forcing too many picks inside, could cause the spring to fail, or the seam to split.  A piece of double stick tape, shaped to match the pick holder, is included.  The tape does a barely passable job of hold the device in place.  I stuck mine on the backside of the headstock of my guitar, and while it stays in place, it's pretty wobbly.Color options at this time seem to be limited to black, but if you have DIY skills, you could paint it whatever color you like.  This is a decent buy, below the two dollar level.  I prefer this model over theDunlop 5505 pick holder, because it seems to be sturdier, and I like the more rounded appearance.
A couple inches behind my bridge is where it lives and I've never had cause to remove it. At first I thought I'd hate the look of it there, but it's never bothered me one bit. Reaching for pics is never a problem. I just wish there was a size that worked well with jazz III pics. This one works with regular size pics and to fit the jazz II I have to add a regular pic in there first then put a jazz III in it works out so not too much a big deal.
it didnt hold as many i as thought(it only holds 8)but that didnt matter,now i finaly have some where to put my picks so i dont lose them.the pick holder also has a sticky thing at the bottom so you can stick it to your guitar or somthing.
