Good cheap basic metal slide, sounds like it should. Only problem is I prefer to wear it on my ring finger but I have big hands (viz XL and XXL gloves) and the slide is too small to fit except on my little finger. A bit annoying but not the slide's fault I guess!
For the price, i'm really happy. It's my first one i get and it's perfect, i'm learning how to use it and it's not as easy as you guys think.
I lost my trusty slide and really miss it. The Dunlop 220 feels heavier and looser on my little finger than my old timer but, it does sound sweet. If it was just a bit smaller diameter, that would do the trick. My old timer had enough corrosion inside to keep it secure so, a brand-new, sleek fit isn't a plus in my case. The Dunlop is well made, as expected. It's just not the Antiques Roadshow model I had in mind. Hmmm, might be a new product idea - rough up the inner surface and come up with a catchy name.
I am a basic player and just starting to explore the possibilities of using a slide.  this one works fine so far.  it is rather heavy and I like that.  I also like that because it is metal, if you drop it on the floor, it is not going to break like my glass one did.  Be sure to get your correct finger size before ordering however.  otherwise it may come too big or small for your chosen slide finger.
Sweet "twangy" sound that is a flash from the past of steel lap guitars.  I have a ceramic and this steel slide.  Each has a unique sound.  The steel as expected has more of brighter twang.  When I change my strings, I know that I'll get some differences in tonal quality, but hey, experimenting for that sound that reaches us is what keeps all of us buying new toys.
Make sure you order the right size! I don't use this product very often but it provides great sustained and does not kill strings.
very good slide smooth sound and reasonably priced  I use it with my 12 stringer in open g tuning  would buy other products from this company
Fast delivery, and exactly as advertised.  Put it to work making music within minutes.  The steel gives a clearer sound than the glass  bottle slides,  but you need both.  Good product.
I did purchase 3 diferent slides this one is mark as a medium but is diferent size from the other one's what I ordered. Perhaps is good for some one with small wrong size . This is why I give only 3 stars because is to small for me.
Well i got this after hearing seasick steve its cool i havent figured it out just yet but its a very good product
Great sounding slider for my electric AND it won't shatter when you drop it on the floor like the more expensive glass ones do. Plus the medium weight of it is perfect for my smaller hands to control the slide action. It has a great sound for the modern electric guitars, but is not really meant for lighter acoustic performances. I recommend.
I have several different slides (glass, brass, steel, short, long, etc.)And this has become my go to for every slide guitar session I play on!I wear it on my ring finger, It fits great, the tone is amazing on acoustic, electric and banjo!Works great for blues, rock, a little stoner country, and even some metal! (the main genres I play in)Harmonics and sustain to spare!I keep it in my pocket at all times now, it goes with me everywhere, And has never failed to lay down some mojo when I bring it out!
This would have been a nice slide if I could get it on my finger.  I'm borderline skinny and it still won't fit.  Save your money unless your under 10 years old.
