Sturdy stand.
Solid construction and well weighted, this stand is perfect for desktop use with height adjustments from 8.5" to 13" and a 6" base; per the measurements given on the box.  The locking die-cast steel clutch works well to keep the fit secure.  The color is darker than pictured on Amazon - black powder coating.  There's no tipping or imbalance to worry about with this mic stand, and it's reasonably priced. (* I picked mine up for under ten in the Amazon Warehouse.  It didn't ship with any directions for set-up, which may or may not be the standard packaging.)Do take note that this stand has a US standard 5/8" top.  I needed a 5/8" female to 3/8" male adapter to get my mic to mount to this stand. There are a few on Amazon, but I found the best deal at another retailer online.  These are the adapters that I'm talking about:Windtech Adapter 5/8" Female Standard Microphone to 3/8" Male.  You may not need one if your microphone mount ships with one installed, which can be easily screwed out to then expose the 5/8" space.Overall, I'm very pleased with the fit, finish and construction of this item, and I'm sure it will work very well for my uses. I recommend it to others looking for a stable, sturdy, adjustable desktop microphone stand.
Great value and the heavy base easily holds a professional mic or instrument mic.Great Price! Very Happy and shipped from Amazon perfectly with great packing.
When I found that my USB microphone cannot stand on the tripod that came with it, I was so glad that I bought this stand along with the mic based on all the positive reviews. This stand is basically dead weight. That's exactly what I wanted from a desk stand.
I bought 5 of these for live recording of my band. They adjust easil for most any amplifier height yet stable enough for on stage recoding. I recomend these for anyone that needs a low cost means to place mics on a live stage. Features: Stable base; good extension; easy hand grip to lock/unlock for adjusting. For me it was a good perchase.
Base is heavy and sturdy so your mics won't topple over. But an arm on it and that could be a different story. The action on the height adjust was a little finicky for me but not enough for me to worry about. While I appreciate the weight of the base, I do kind of wish there was a lighter solution to keeping it stable with a heavy mic mounted on an angle.
at2020 sitting on top angled down to pick up my acoustic.  would need a heavier base for use with a boom.
If you're looking for a really durable stand, this is a good one for the desk. It just inconvenient that Amazon does list the product detail on the size of the screw head on top. Make sure your mic holder fits...
Great for the desktop and vocals.  I have also used it successfully on the guitar cabinet.  It's an important component in my studio.
I was pleasantly surprised of how heavy the base was compared to what I was expecting. The adjustable stand also works great and won't fall on you or anything. I bought this and a mic/boom stand for my Samson SP01 Shockmount (which the Audio-Technica condenser mic is on), however its connecting slot is a 3/8in female while this stand has a 5/8in male (same with the mic/boom stand). So just make sure whatever it is you're buying can connect properly with the stand. If not, just buy a cheap (about 6$) adapter like I did.
Perfect for amp recordings and ambient mic. This helps my &#34;Apogee One&#34; to always be in perfect position and far from accidents and drops. Add &#34;Apogee One Mic Mount&#34;.
This is a great stand. The ability to adjust it and price point sold me on purchasing this unit. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a desk stand.
This is a pretty good way to hold a mic if you want to amplify foot-stomping percussion (traditional to French Canadian music).  The base is really heavy, which makes it stay in place well, but it's a pain to carry around.  Also, since buying this I found out that I could just use a shoe to mount a mic by my feet, which would have been a bit cheaper.
I purchased this desktop stand with the hopes that it would fully support the front weight of a condenser microphone and a shockmount together.  It does, and it does it well.  Very solid build, never felt cheap in any way.  Perfect for its intended use.  I purchased a second one after using the first for one month.  Would buy again should the need arise.
This works great for mic'ing guitar amps. The stand has a low profile but also extends up tall enough to handle just about any size amp or combo amp.
I use these in my studio for the two amps and the bass drum. These are heavy duty and well made. Really reasonably priced. I love em!
My first desk mic stand, and the adjuster part broke after only two days of use. It worked once when I originally set it, then kaput. It's never worked properly since. I still use it but have to wrap electrical tape so that it's at the right height. I would not purchase this product again.
Every time I have ever used a desk mike, I've always had to lean into it because the stand was too short. This little stand adjusts about six inches, so it's possible to get the mike right at mouth level without bending over.
I bought this stand a few months ago and it has held up quite well. For only $12.00 it is a steal, the stand is extremely sturdy and pretty heavy. I have used it with multiple mics such as the Audio Technica 2020 with the Samson SP01 shock-mount, a Rode K2, a Studio Projects C1 and a neumann TLM 103. I have not had any problems and the stand is heavy enough to use with basically any mic. I was not going to write a review for this product but I came across another review that stated "I purchased this stand as people had reviewed this to work with a AT2020 with a SP01 shockmount. Mine must have been missing a part as it does not connect no matter what I try. " THIS IS ABSOLUTELY FALSE. The Samson SP01 shock-mount works perfectly with this stand ( as any shock-mount or mic would, since the threading is a standard size). I just wanted to clear that up so that there would not be any confusion. Also almost every shock-mount has an adapter in the mount ( where the shock-mount connects to the mic stand) that is slightly smaller than most US mic stands, BUT THIS COMES OUT!! ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS TAKE A COIN AND UNSCREW IT FROM THE SHOCK-MOUNT. After the adapter is out the Samson SP01 will connect to this stand. I highly recommend this product.
Use this for my desk mic at home. It hold my mic right where I want it and doesn't move from where I place it. Worth every penny and then some.
I loved it very much. It is very sturdy and stable. It holds my shockmount with my Audio Technica AT2020 just perfectly and it does an amazing job.
Works for my Behringer XM1800S Mics. It came with a smaller thread adapter on it already. Idk what mics use that but is something to note.
Not much to review about a simple tabletop mic stand. Solid heavy base. Well built. Does the job of holding a mic. No more, no less.
I bought this stand to mic a kick drum. It's too tall for lining the mic up with my port-- even at it's shortest setting. Still, it's well-constructed and would make a good desk-top mic mount. I like On Stage stuff. Good value, and good function.
