I installed the Ragin' Cajun into my Fender Super Champ X2. I immediately noticed a difference in the quality, fullness and volume of my amp. It has turned my amp into a amp that is now capable of being used at small gigs. An excellent speaker that I would highly recommed.
I installed the Ragin' Cajun into my Fender Super Champ XD.  I read all of the reviews of people saying this speaker turned their Super Champ into a monster and man they were right!  I immediately noticed a difference in the warmth, articulation, and fullness of my sound!  The cleans are warm and...clean, and the distortion is articulate and fits my needs nicely.  I had been trying to play Tool's "Jambi" and the beginning part never sounded right.  I always thought I was doing something wrong because of how muddy it souned.  Tried the same lick with the Ragin Cajun and it sounds perfect!  I would highly recommend this speaker for anyone that owns a Fender Super Camp XD or needs a 10 inch speaker.Two items of note:  1) A few people said this is a bass heavy speaker and I do not agree.  While it is slightly darker than the stock speaker, it has a screaming Mid/Low range.  A quick turn of the Treble knob from 4 to 6 cleaned up the darkness.  2) Don't forget, the first time you install the speaker will be the worst it will sound.  All speakers need to be broken in before they hit their sweet spot.  With that said, this thing sounds amazing directly after install.  Buy, you won't regret!
Fabulous clean tone, and great distortion sound running off a solid-state amp and pedals. The characteristic Strat sound of my guitar is very apparent. Weighs a ton, cool logo, made in USA. What more could you ask?
I installed this in a Super Champ x2.  As others have pointed out you'll have to turn the treble down after installing it.  That's because it's designed for making solos stand out. I.e., for adding punch.  If you're a lead guitarist, this speaker will make your guitar sing.However, if you mostly play rhythm, I'd stick with the stock speaker.I want to put two of these into my 4x10 Blues DeVille to increase its range and make solos sing, while letting the stock speakers give me some bottom.
If you play Rock or Classic Rock & have a Tube amp with a 10 Inch speaker that needs a little more life... Pop one of these in. My little  VHT Special 6 Came Alive with this speaker. Love It!
Simply put, this speaker turned my Super Champ XD into a killer 15watt amp. Gave the amp more low-end and made everything much clearer. I would, and do, recommend this speaker to anyone wanting to upgrade their Super Champ sound. And, like other people have said, the speaker is much louder on the same volume setting. I had to turn the amp down two notches (two number) to have the same volume level out of the amp.If my Super Champ was stolen, I'd buy a new one and put this speaker in it. Wouldn't even think twice about it.
I bought this speaker to replace the stock one in my Fender x2 champ. It has much more weight to it and a way larger, heavier magnet. It has way more bass and is louder than the stock Fender.It sounds much better than the stock one because at the higher volume levels the stock speaker craps out and sounds flubby.  This one solves these issues and sounds great at all levels and settings. Great replacement and a definite upgrade. Makes the champ a SUPER CHAMP.
