This electric guitar padded bag is exactly what I wanted.  The price was right, the guitar is secure and wont' get scratched.  The pockets are deep enough to hold whatever you need for a gig.  Very cost-effective.  Great price.
I couldn't be happier with my choice to buy this product over the many others listed on Amazon. This was a newly listed item on Amazon when I bought it, (in fact this review will be the first), so I was a little apprehensive about choosing something that had no user feedback, but I'm glad I decided on this item.I wanted something with several storage compartments, so I could organize all my guitar accessories in the case properly. This bag has six separate compartments for storage - three main zipped compartments, each also with a zipped pocket for smaller items. Perfect! I also needed some new plectrums and this particular case came with a nice quantity bundled, as well as a guitar strap that I don't currently require as I already have one, but it's nice to have a spare now.The padding of the bag is quite thin, but firm, so is more than adequate enough to protect my guitar from bumps during transport and carrying. The two built in "back-pack" straps will certainly be useful when traveling with other luggage, and the case also comes with grip sized carry handles both on the front and the side ensuring the guitar can be carried however a user wishes to.If you are in the market for a guitar bag and don't want to spend a fortune, I would definitely recommend you consider this item. It is perfect for my requirements, and may well be for yours too.
Strap is pretty crappy but picks are nice to have around.  Fairly good quality bag and the pockets are nice.  Good price.
This does the job but it's fairly thin and not all that well padded.  For twice the price, you can get a really nice Yamaha hard case that is way more than twice as good.  The strap that came with it is no great shakes either.
Fits nice and provides good protection.
Great gig bag for acoustic guitar. Very well made with good padding. It has six nice pockets, a rubber bumper, and two straps. It fits the guitar nicely. I would definately recommend this to anyone with an acoustic guitar that needs a gig bag. The strap and picks were an added bonus. A great value.
It only cost around $20 so my expectations weren't very high to begin with but right out of the box it had a hole in the stitching and the front pocket was sown on crooked. I don't plan on keeping it long.
Returned this item because the zipper was already broken when I received it. Not durable! Spend a few more dollars, it is worth it.
A great little package for the price, but unfortunately, the zipper failed the first time I tried zipping it up. I have a standard size acoustic guitar, but be aware, the fit was snug, but not tight.
I'm a beginner, so I'm not very picky on the accessories yet. But this was a great package deal for this price. Shipping was free, it arrived in under 1 week from ordering.Pros:padded caselove the "backpack" featurehas many pocketsfits my Takamine Jasmine acoustic perfectpicks vary in size and shapestrap was easy to attachCons:strap is made from nylon and feels cheap (which it is, lol)some poor stitching in one area of the case (shoulder strap) exposing the padding, I restitched fairly easily.
not as much padding as I would like. my old bag had more. other than that I like the pockets and overall design.
