Ernie Ball makes extremely durable products and has a very reputable name in the musician community.These strings are affordable and last a VERY long time on someones guitar during normal use.You will not be disappointed in this product.They sound VERY clean and bright and if you use a product like GHS Fast Fret after playing the strings last twice as long and stay clear and bright longer.They do have a coating that will wear a small amount and turn black under the strings if you fail to clean them properly.
These Strings sell for about half the price than the store, so it worth the effort and wait to order these from Amazon.The strings came very quickly and are of very good quality.
These were great. I can't brag on them enough. I AM however an electric gitty player primarily. I just use an acoustic when on trips and for couch songwriting.
I use these strings on my practice guitar because the smaller strings are easier on my fingers. I can play all day without my fingers hurting and they still sound good.
I normally buy D'Addario Strings here. I buy the .011 or .012 strings.  This is my first time playing Ernie Ball since I first began learning.  When I first started on guitar I put .009 electric Ernie Ball on my acoustic so I could handle the pain and keep learning.  Then I went to D'Addario strings.  I wanted to try these since the under $5 price is good.They sound nice.  They don't sound as crisp as the D'Addario strings. They sound more mellow and not as BOLD.  They are 80/20 and I prefer those to the other strings out there.  I can't say I love them or I hate them.  I will probably stick with D'Addario since I don't find any difference in them.  I bought some other Ernie Ball strings on Amazon that I will try soon. For the price I would buy these strings at least once to test out and see how you feel about them.  I don't think they sound bad and if they do, it did not cost much to test them.  enjoy
I have used Ernie Ball strings on my Les Paul for quite a while, Slinkys mostly.  I recently bought a Yamaha FG700S and quickly found that the high E string had a very "tinny" tone.  I searched the net to see if this was comon with this model, alas I found that it is.So I decided to try some different strings to see if it would help.  I ordered a set of Earthwood Lights and installed them last night.Wow, what a difference.  First the tone is much softer on the E string, second the action feels much more comfortable on strings 1 thru 3.  The strings that came on the guitar were Yamaha light strings but they were very stiff, especially the B string.  After a hour of playing with the Earthwood strings last night they were much more enjoyable, both tonally and physically.  Not sure how they will last, time will tell.Good strings I would recommend them.
