I owned a Boss graphic eq many years ago and never really took to it.  Ah, the folly of youth.  First, this pedal is dirt cheap, but the build quality actually seems very solid. The sliders have a nice feel to them, as does the on/off switch.  If you have any tonal issues with your amp then a graphic eq is an easy solution. No, it won't make you love an amp you hate, but if you're ALMOST THERE, or even just want to add some sonic variety, you won't really realize how useful and vital a graphic eq is.My rig right now is a strat and jazzmaster into a Pro Jr.  I love the amp, but as the volume goes up the treble gets a bit piercing.  I've been able to tame that issue with this pedal.  It's a subtle thing. It takes some time to play around with the sliders and figure out what will really hit your amp's sweet spot - at least in my application, where I'm leaving it on all the time.  This pedal would also be good for a solo boost, as it has plenty of output to make your leads punch through.Overall, for this price, you can't go wrong.  This is one of those pedals that has a million applications and will always have a use in my setup.  I'm thinking of getting a second one and building a pedalboard specific to my acoustic rig (comp, eq, chorus, reverb).
Seriously, this is a great pedal. I can't improve upon what others have said, but I will mention a few points.1. I use this after the preamp or dirt boxes for a lead tone, or to add more crunch to my Fender Frontman 212 when inserted in the effects loop. It's run before time based effects (delay, phaser, etc) for me.2. I sometimes use it before the distortion as a clean booster, while focusing one of the sliders to boost a few frequencies.3. If it gets noisy or "self oscillates" after a while, change the battery to a fresh one. Better yet, use an AC adapter.I found out about the last issue after reading a few Harmony Central reviews. Otherwise, it's been on my setup for about seven years. I take care of my stuff.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...I still think it takes a bit of brightness on bypass but when it's on it's great! I've been thinking on using it mainly as a boost for leads but it sounds so much better with it i can't seem to turn it off!it's light, small and it looks well built but only time will tell how resistent it is but hey for 30 bucks it's a great deal!This is a good EQ for an excelent price, not an excelent EQ so i give it a 4 out of 5 and look forward to testing some others danelectro pedals.
For your money I can't recommend the EQ enough. It's cheap, works well, and is small enough as to not clutter your pedalboard.
Originally I purchased a Behringer EQ700 equalizer pedal for my rig. It was cheap at around $20+ some change but like the other reviewers noted, it's noisy with hiss. So I took the advice of another reviewer & bought the Fish & Chips model by Danaelectro and it's terrific.I plugged it directly in line on my SKB pedal board, turned them both on, turned on the amp, put it on clean then distortion channels while cranking up the volume to max & no discernible hiss nor hum. Mind you this is not a boutique pedal so there is a tiny bit of noise at full volume but not to the point it is noticeable.This pedal has a cool 1950's style & appearance. It has a great punch when you raise up the Level and the tone selections are great to help model various guitar & amp sounds. For a modifying pedal, you cannot go wrong for the $30 price tag. If you're in the market for a great 7 band EQ pedal, then you'll be hard pressed to find one for the price of this one.This product rates 5 out of 5 possible stars.
I been playing guitar for 12+ years now. I play lead and rhythm. I needed a good EQ to sometimes scoop the sound a bit since I have a variety of guitars and they all sound different (some too much on the low and the others too much on the high). I don't like interfering with my mixer and amp settings and decided to get a pedal EQ instead. A boss EQ is solid and all yes but cost ALOT more. This EQ achieves almost the same results and I paid less! It has it's own level BTW.
I've been useing this pedal for several years and it does the job.  Yes, it could be metal, and I wish the button gave a satisfying 'click' when I step on it.  For under thirty clams I can look past these things.  I have not had any issues with noise (crackling or oscillation).  I really have no complaints at all with it's performance so I am glad I didn't shell out 3-4X more money so I can feel more secure when I unlatch my pedal board in front of gear-snobs.  I don't think I need to run this pedal with every amp I own but it does a great job 'opening up the sound' of boxy or dark sounding amps.  When I run it in the effects loop of my Palomino V8 (great little practice amp btw) that little amp sounds HUGE.  Also great in front of my Blues Jr.  If you own an amp with a single tone knob (Pro Jr, Valve Jr etc) or if you find your tone stack lacking responsiveness you owe it to yourself to buy one of these. Even if you are satisfied with the responsiveness of your amp's controls, this pedal can double as a volume boost when playing lead.  Once my sound is dialed in, I leave typically leave it on and forget about it.  It's also pretty indespensible for shaping the sound of your amplified acoustic guitar-
I wasn't expecting much from this pedal but it has been a pleasant surprise. I use it to zero in the tone of my Alvarez acoustic for live shows. The pedal is quiet and solidly built. The price is great too.
This is a basic EQ pedal, that is a bit noisy in my testing. Even when running on battery power, there is a bit of hiss that is just enough to be annoying in my rig and probably enought to be very annoying in some higher gain rigs.
For a cheap EQ it does great. Sometimes though when I hit the switch the light turns on and there is a second before the signal comes back. If it was not for that it would be a 5 star rating. I am not too worried about it because the pedal + loop pedal is still cheaper then the MXR or Boss Eq's
I needed an EQ pedal since my current amp has no way of adjusting it's EQ. Most distortion pedals I plugged into it ended up sounding way to &#34;bassy&#34;, and so I bought this in hopes that it would help clear that up a little. I really didn't expect much since this pedal was so cheap; and for a brand new one at that; I was completely surprised that this worked and also helped improve the overall sound by fiddling with each band adding a nice richness to the overall mids. If you're looking for a cheap way to dial in your tone for your guitar, I'd recommend this.
I bought this EQ pedal to use with a 70's amp project. I replaced the speaker and needed some mids so I bought this pedal to use for a clean channel. The EQ and boost works great for being a plastic box. I have seen the F&C; be called 'pure gold in a plastic box' on a Telecaster forum and read reviews all over the net saying the same thing.The EQ works wonders for tone and is priced less than it's MXR and Boss counterparts. I am not going to rehash all the other reviews, but I use it with a bass/guitar amp and it works surprisingly well with the old amp and a passive bass. The boost combined with the 2 low bass EQ's works wonders for low end.I use a Boss GE-7 EQ pedal with a different amp, and the F&C; works as well as the Boss as long as you don't mind the cheap construction from Danelectro. I do not gig with the pedal so the plastic doesn't matter to me. I am wondering how long the switch will last though, but at this price, who can be critical.Some Danelectro pedals can be sorted into the novelty realm, but this one is actually very functional and can open up all new sounds. I also tried the EQ with a Telecaster and the pedal gave me alot more bass and low end. I hope this lasts as long as my old all plastic FAB distortion that I bought used for $5.
These Danelectro pedals are great quality for the money. I use this pedal behind my dirt pedals for added flexibility and bringing out some more "brilliance" to the tone. The case is plastic, not very attractive, and perhaps not very sturdy. Also the button to push down for the effect leaves a bit to be desired -- it doesn't feel very solid. But I intend to use this more for recording than live use, so I'm not worried about that. Anyway, there aren't many EQ's on the market, and for the price, it can't be beat. I would recommend it.
Had this for about 3 years now - it works great, and for 30 dollars, it was a heck of a bargain.The construction is ok - it's plastic with a metal + rubber bottom, but seems sturdy.  Battery is easy to get in and out, and comes with one (but is not shipped connected to the terminals).Signal wise, if on, it adds a tiny amount of hiss and static, which raises the noise floor by a hair.  The noise isn't noticeable unless you are paying attention when turning it on or off.  Besides, if you are boosting the high end, you are going to get hiss.Works great in front for a clean or unclean boost, but I tend to use it in the fx loop - where it does what it's supposed to do.  I think it's a must for getting the most out of an existing amp setup, especially if the amp's EQ isn't doing it for you, or the cab or speaker choice is less than optimal - this thing fixes it all!I would definitely choose this over more expensive EQs, but I tend to take good care of my stuff.
This pedal, fish and chips, which i find it to taste nothing like, works nicely.And was pretty cheap..I've heard some complaints/worries about the flimsiness of the plastic.As of 03.13 the plastic seems pretty thick/durable.The switch does seem of a poor quality, but if it did break im sure either send it in and get a new one or put a nicer switch in yourself.As for noise, It doesn't seem to add much, unless you have the gain switch at the end turned up high, and with distortion and what have you.I haven't gotten to blast (play bedroom level, technically) since i've gotten it, but it sounds good through the headphones.I'm using a squire strat, fryette sas distortion, now the fish and chips, boss me-50 all running into, for now, my vox vt20+, which is outputting to my headphones. soooo...Its sounding nicer that way.I cant wait to get it through my other amps.I've also heard of very very short battery life. I've got the standard 9v i think from planet waves and it's powering it just right, so far.Tomorrow's the real test, a few hours at least
