First off, I'd like to address any construction concerns.  The nanoKontrol2 is actually sturdier than I imagined it would be, despite some of the reviews here.  The case is rigid plastic, as are the rotary knobs and faders, and everything seems pretty solid (I like the travel feel in the faders - not a lot of resistance, but not flimsy-feeling either). The buttons are soft, dense rubber, like a pad controller, and light up when they are pressed. If you have big hands, then you might have issues with using this as a live performance controller since everything is in such a compact space.The supplied mini USB cable fits nice and snug.Bottom line, if you take reasonable care with this unit, it seems like it should give you a lot of dependable service.I tried this right out of the box with Reason 7 - there is no built-in Reason template for it, but it was recognized by Reason when I did a controller surface scan, and it was a piece of cake to map the top knobs to pan controls and the faders to volume faders and the solo and mute buttons to their counterparts on the Reason mixer. Basically, I just bought this to do crossfades, and the nanoKontrol2 will be perfect for that, but I can also see using this to automate some softsynth parameters just as easily.Next, I set this up to control Peff's Directre Rack Extension, and it's a blast!The transport buttons did correctly automap to Reason's transport controls, so you can record, play, stop, fast forward and reverse from the nanoKontrol2.I didn't download the nanoKontrol2 editor yet, but that should increase the utility of this device.If the "S", "M" and "R" buttons lit up in different colors (all lights are red), it would make this unit more useful as a performance controller in my opinion, but as it stands, this budget mixer/performance control surface is well worth $50!
Item shipped earlier than I've expected. When I opened the box was surprised as I didn't notice the usb cable. But later I thought that it was impossible and opened the box from another side and here it was...I have plugged and installed usb driver and dedicated software in a few seconds. It is working fine. Though it has no motorized faders, it doesn't make my work uncomfortable at all. I have connected it to a Reaper and Protools software and it's just working perfect!I recommend it to home studios, also those who travel with recording gear. Nano is small but quite durable.I am happy with it!
After a little bit of configuration headaches I can confirm this product works quite well with ardour2 and is my prefered method of mixing. For the price it's a really good deal.
Great little controller for your DAW, or whatever.Easy to set up.  Dials and sliders work smoothly.I use it with Reaper.The 8 sliders and associated dials and buttons are logicallyshiftable, so this little darling can handle any number of tracks,not just 8.Buy it!!
Windows 7 install worked fine.I use Mixcraft Pro 6 and it's working well.I did have an issue with the drivers, since I had too many midi devices, but the fix wasn't too hard.
Great product for the price!I am using it with Win7 64bit & Sonar XL Producer.I just held down the "set-marker" & "record" button while plugging the usb cable.I then let Windows 7 Plug & Play the Drivers (No Disk Needed).Next I set Sonar XL Midi Control Surface device as MACKIE & selected the nanoKontrol2 as the Control -Midi in and out.Now I have 8 channels of automation & stop, back, record, play etc.I am very happy with this product so far.I have to give it 5 stars on the price to performance ratio.READ THE INSTRUCTIONS!I do not recomend downloading the KORG software if used for SONAR XL.Buttons and sliders and great for the price.Cheers
