I just picked up a Pod HD500 and I love it. Of course a couple days later they announced the HD500x, but it doesn't look like they've made any major changes. Anyway, if you're thinking of getting one, here are my thoughts, in no particular order:*This thing is versatile. You can use it in a number of different ways. Just as an effects board with 8 customized effects, with effects and amp sims, as a midi controller, and as a recording interface, to name a few*Line 6 gave you access to the guts. Everything is tweakable, assignable, and flexible. They trust their users to read the freaking manual. I'm amazed at how much you can customize this thing to suit your needs. Want the foot pedal to control the feedback level on the delay? No problemo!*For live performance, this thing would be perfect. It allows you to organize your presets in "Set Lists" and name everything whatever you want. You can change between banks of patches easily and change between the patches themselves.*While not all the effects are my cup of tea (in particular, some of the distortions sound too harsh to my ear) there are enough options to make anyone happy. For example, I love the distortion I get from the tube compressor with the drive turned up.*The built in looper goes forward, backward, half speed, before effects, after effects. Fantastic!* It's built like a tank. Metal exterior, everything feels solid and like it will last longer than I willIf you've got the cash and need a solid array of effects for live performance, take a look at these and the new 500x version. Just buying a handful of the actual pedals this simulates (not to mention the amps) would cost you more money, assuming you could even find some of the vintage ones. Truly a great piece of gear!
I've had several PODs and have never really been impressed with their tone. Right out of the box, the HD 500 totally blew me away. I know their marketing calls it "HD" because of the added tonal characteristics, and it's true - there is a huge difference between the HD series and the older PODs. I can't really say why they sound better, but to my ears the amp models sound significantly better than the older PODs without much tweaking and NO EQing (although one can tweak the tone with several EQs).One complaint with the older PODs (that I agree with) was that one could never seem to get a great high gain tone. This is not the case with the HD 500. I've been able to get some great high gain tones out of it without much work.At first, I purchased theLine 6 POD HD 300because I didn't see the value of the HD 500. After thinking about it, I decided to pick up the HD 500 and compare the two pedals. I definitely think the HD 500 is worth the extra cash, even for a hobbyist such as myself. There are extra controls on the looper, and extra record time. The wah pedal seems to be better constructed on the 500s (I could be wrong, but I DO remember them being different). The dual tone feature and flexible routing options of the HD 500 are amazing. I'm sure I'm forgetting some differences, but I know I'm happy that I went with the HD 500 over the HD 300.The drivers seem to work great on both Windows 7 Pro 64-bit and Mac OS 10.6 (they have 64-bit Mac drivers now). The included software is OK - I get the feeling they are still building it out. It's a bit glitchy but seems to work OK for the most part. The software updater works great and I've already had a couple of firmware updates since I purchased the HD 500 (bug fixes). There is also a much anticipated firmware upgrade coming at the end of this month that will add six more amp models and several adjustable parameters that are supposed to really help dial in the correct "tube amp feel and behavior".I nearly purchased the M13 to plug into myFender Super Champ XD Electric Guitar Amplifier, but I noticed the HD 500 had the same number of effects PLUS amp modelling for the same price! I know the two pedals are designed for different purposes, but for me the HD 500 made much more sense. I can use it to practice with headphones, or plug into my amp as an effects pedal. To use it as an effects only pedal, one need only disable the amp modeling and set the output mode to match the appropriate amp setup. I also decided to test playing the HD 500 directly into aBehringer Eurolive B215D Active 550-Watt 2-Way PA Speaker System with 15-inch Woofer and 1.35-inch Compression Driver, which may replace my other amps as my primary rig (I get the Behringer today, so we'll see).The build quality over the POD X3 Live has improved. The case is now entirely metal vs. a combination of metal and plastic. I can definitely see this being heavy road/gig worthy. I also purchased aGator GK2110 Compact Keyboard Gig Bag, which fits the HD 500 (albeit very snugly).Overall I'm very happy with this setup, and recommend this amp modeler/effects pedal to anyone looking to practice at home (especially with headphones) on a wide variety of musical styles.
I love my HD500. Got it a while back but have just started to explore it's capabilities. Sounds very very good and am happy about the fact that additional tones can be downloaded at their website. There are so many options, I spend hours just experimenting and trying different things. The possibilities are endless. Wonderful. I love it. Am sure you will too. ENJOY!!!
The Line 6 POD HD500 has too-much compression even with the compression effect turned off.  If you want your guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then I recommend getting the BOSS GT-10 and installing BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
Before we get started, I am more "pro" than amateur. I work at a church as a pastor of Worship Arts and use this in my work. But I hesitate to say I'm only "pro", because "amateur" means you do something purely for the love of it... and I feel that way about music... So...First... the models I've tested are far and away more realistic to my ears than other modelers I've used, which includes Logic Studio's amps (these sound almost as good btw), POD X3Live and XTPro (the HD models are noticeably better... and the fizz is GONE GONE GONE), the original POD and 2.0 (which sounded the same to me and made me happy at the time), and the ToneLab SE (which I missed for a while, but not anymore).I made a few patches for one of my guitars based on having a Bassman 4x10 alongside the Dr. Z, and it is the coolest sound I've ever made with this guitar... easily. Better sounding, to my ears, than the real amps I've been using (maybe because I put them off stage and don't run them very loud). I ADORE the sound of this unit.Oh, and as always... forget about all the pre-sets. They're probably all as useless as you imagine they might be.Now the bad news. And it's significant... for some...First off, editing is clunky like it was on the XT and X3Live. Just forget about trying to use the display. Connect to a computer... Seriously. When you start from an init patch, you only get lucky, it seems, to manage to coax it into "two amp" config...Next, The functionality of this unit is exaggerated by it's specs. You will almost certainly NOT be able to do 8 FX at once the way you're thinking. Why? Let's say you use an XT or a X3. think about what you're used to.You start with 8 FXSubtract effect banks for...1. volume pedal (you need to use an effect bank). You might be able to use an analog pedal, but I like my volume after my compressor... so I have to do it in the loop I guess...2. FX loop (only works with an effect bank... Line6, is there any way you can make this always active in a firmware upgrade? Seems like you could.)3. Noise Gate (used to be always available... don't worry if you mix this with the M13 as I plan to do, though, as the M13 has a great gate). I mostly use clean or just barely broken-up amps, so I might be able to skip this.4. Wah (this is always available and active in the X3 and below).5. Post-EQ. The X3Live had a final EQ before final output that I liked a lot. in addition to all the other FX, too. You need to dedicate an FX bank now.SO... you might only have 3FX left. For me, put in a clean boost and tube drive (which I think sound better in this box than they did in the M13. Probably because they're "digitally part of the signal" is all I can think) and a verb for the amp. No slots left. What if you need delay and modulation? EEK! I have to re-think the way I use FX in this box. Still evaluating how that will work for me.What if you're a guy like me who was using the X3Live (occasionally) as a one-box solution for a dual-voice guitar. (All my guitars have piezo bridges.) No dice.I will have to use an acoustic preamp. No matter. I have one. I will probably dedicate a "null" amp to bring this signal into the unit and mix it.In addition, there aren't as many computer-recording routing options as the X3Live, and the SUPER-sweet ability to switch between two FX chains in one patch (instead of switching programs) is gone. As far back as my old Vox ToneLab SE, I could literally switch channels from one amp/cab to another in the same FX chain. You could do something similar on the X3Live. Not here. Also... Line 6, why on earth can't you make the Midi in and out work as a USB Midi interface with this unit? How complicated can that really be?In short... the X3Live has significantly... SIGNIFICANTLY more flexibility imho than this unit, for many of us at least, and ought not to have been discontinued imho. For some of you, it's still a viable option.You also still might need your other FX!I thought it might be possible that this unit, even if I needed to use my AG Stomp for my acoustic side again (which I'm happy to do) would bump my M13 off the stage. It did not at first, but after a while, I did indeed get rid of the M13, and don't miss it.. That said, I think from what I'm hearing that some of the FX (especially the dirt pedals) work FAR better inside this box than they do in the M13 when you connect it to a POD or amp.My favorite patches so far that I've made (which use the Bassman model and the UNBELIEVABLE Dr. Z model... far and AWAY my favorite amp model EVAH!) don't leave any room for modulation or other special FX. (I'm not a "switch whole patches on the fly" guy. I turn FX off and on.) But after a bit of tweaking and patch-making, I discovered that for my sounds, I didn't need dual amp chains that often, so I have all my flexibility back...So am I complaining about these limitations? No. Because the sound of this unit is so extraordinary. I'd take off a full star for this shortcoming, but the fact is the unit sounds good enough that I can't do it.There will, at some point, I hope, be a next-generation of this technology which will possibly address some of the usability shortcomings, but I have to say, for this price, I am totally satisfied with the sound!In the meantime, am I willing to trade the flexibility of my former rig for the sound of this one? Heck yes, it sounds that good. I even love the models of amps I know I'll never use for the first time ever.... And after a few months of experimenting, I was able to make patches that completely worked for my two-voice guitar stuff... with NO additional outboard gear if I didn't want. So I've simplified to where I wanted to, and no longer feel like I'm really compromising anything.So... started with a rig consisting of the HD500, and sometimes an M13, and an acoustic preamp (currently a Yamaha AG-Stomp) mixed in with the HD signal through the aux input. I've now gotten to the point where I can do everything I want, if I need, without the additional pedals, and I sold the M13. I kept a few analog pedals and such that I just like, but rarely take them out of the house anymore.I'm only nit-picking so that you will know all the trade-offs. For what I have been fantasizing about, basically an M13 in form and function with a handful of amp models shoved in the box, this is as close as we're probably going to come. And, did I mention... the SOUND! It's seriously great!UPDATE! I have learned that I will indeed have no problem replacing my M13 as well, and sold it off. I thought I'd miss it, but I don't.UPDATE! As of February 2012, I have supplemented this product with a black James Tyler Variax JTV59 (Korean), and it's a marriage made in heaven! If you are going to go with this product, and if you are looking for a new guitar, check out the new Variaxes. Totally amazing.
You'll see much controversy about this device if you read the line 6 forum. My own opinion about this is "I Love it". I play the guitar privately (not live in public) and I have no complaints at all. I still use it all the time and learn something new everyday.
For any usable tones while playing live, the best bet is to plug it into a tube power amp. Direct to mixer or running it through a solid state amp is very uninspiring.I didn't like the recorded tones either, much rather preferred Amplitube 3 if micing a real tube amp wasn't an option.That being said, it is good for practice and song writing. Used this for more than a year and finally sold it! That's the other thing with items like this, they lose value real quick once the next version comes out.
