like title says. the item does what it's supposed to.  you get the headroom you expect from a 20 dollar item.  I love the ability to have separate control over both inputs.  I've had it for a few months and I'm experiencing some noise on the pots, which I didn't expect.  I thought it would've lasted a little longer. I can open it and clean the pots but again, I expected a little more life out of it.  battery operation would've been nice but like I said, does what it is supposed to, well enough that I've bought 2 of them.
Was a great problem solver for me but almost exactly one year after getting it the volume died. Useless now. I used the "line" input (to tap into an aux feed that got recorded) as it came off a live board. For the price I guess I shouldn't complain too much. Behringer often means trading price for longevity as the QC seems to be very hit and miss. So now time to decide; do I resign myself to replace it every year or get something mo betta?Note: this is a low end, but still "pro audio," piece of a equipment. And while it truley doesn't get super loud, for people who say it barely does anything volume wise I have to wonder if they are using it with home audio equipment? If so, your signal strength going into the unit is likely well below the +4dBu "line level" signal that pro gear offers. Subsequently you are boosting a signal that is much lower to begin with. And as a result are getting poor volume plus the added "bonus" of increased distorion and/or floor noise when you do try and crank it up.Update: well it works some days and not others it seems- so a I keep it around for now as I am having more good days than bad days with it lately. Can't really see a rhyme of reason to it- connections don't seem loose or intermitant or anything like that- I just either have good volume or it craps out??? It is in one permanent location, used exacty the same way every time- so it's never a matter of a different configuration or using it with different gear.
This box is small, but packs a great punch! I don't notice any difference in audio or loss in sound. The two dials for MIC and MON levels are nice and stiff, and feel like they will last.This personal monitor station is much smaller than I thought it would be, which is definitely not a bad thing! The connectors feel nice and the whole thing screams quality (especially for only $20).If you find you just aren't getting enough mic in your headphones, grab this ASAP.
I bought this headphone amp for in the isolation booth of my recording studio. The idea was to give the vocalist/instrumentalist personal control over their own levels, without the engineer having to change any settings manually. The item works GREAT for that, as long as you're not using a powered microphone. If you are using a powered microphone you get a crazy loud buzzing, and interference when the monitor, and microphones are plugged in. Plus, the hum/buzz is so loud you can't hear anything from the microphone. The only way I've gotten rid of the buzz is by running an unbalanced mic cable from the headphone amp to a Direct Box, and then into the board.  I'm told that a Hum eliminator would do the trick, but that's another $40-$100 I really wasn't planning on forking out. I'd rather have the engineer change the levels for the vocalist/instrumentalist than pay an extra $100 at the moment. Again, it's very good at what it does, if you don't power the microphone.
Love this amp.  My Drummer is stoked to be able to use this product and has really enhance our music.  Affordable and great quality
This gadget has stereo in for your monitor mix & a passthrough for you mic so you can get the overall mix set then add in your mic to get the "more me" setting. It's simple & easy to use. Works great.
This is an awesome way to get into the in ear monitor game without dropping hundreds of dollars. Adjust your volume of the main mix, and adjust your instrument/mic level relative to the mix without affecting the main sound or your band mates feeds. Perfect for that singer or musician who is constantly asking for &#34;more me&#34; in their monitor. You can also use this to control a floor monitor if you want.
