nice bag ,padding it good ,i just wish the hooks weren't plastic ,, not shore how long they will last,,
Purchased for my Epiphone electric guitar... perfect... has a separate area for my sheet music, picks and capo. Nice bag... I REALLY like it!!!!!!!
Everything I would want in a gig bag! A quality bag for a quality instrument. What you see is what you get.
This bag is simple yet it's really thick so it makes you feel like your guitar is safe, I have seen many gig bags rip, tear or seen the straps rip off them but not with this baby, its sturdy and cool, with its design and pick designed zipper, I didn't expect to be that cool
Despite an overwhelming petroleum smell coming out of the box, this is a high-quality gig bag with plenty of storage space. Fits either a Tele or Strat. I don't typically keep my guitars in their cases, but bags like this one come in handy for gigs, short trips, moves, etc. Nice styling touches, too. The bag has removable back-straps for carrying ease.
pretty much this is a great case for the price but i would like more padding because i like my guitars to be safe but if you want a better case for protection invest in a hard case. i cant give it a bad review for not enough padding because this guitar has about the same amount of padding as most soft cases. this is also a pretty handsome looking case,if thats what you care about.
My guitars largely stay at home, so they don't require the heavy duty protection of a large hard case.  Hard cases almost always cost 70 dollars or more, and also take up about twice as much room, which is problematic for storing multiple instruments.  In most cases, a good soft gig bag with padding should protect your instrument against light bumps and bangs, and costs about 1/4 of the price of a hard case.I bought two different variations of the Fender Gig Bag, and I believe the one pictured here is the one that has Fender Medium guitar picks as zipper handles, which is a cool touch.  The case fits my Fender/Squier Strat guitars (or other guitars of a similar size) snugly.  There is not a ton of padding, but more than you might think from the pictures, especially on top.  The pocket is fine, and there are a variety of adjustable handles and straps.  I can't say that the zippers will withstand years of use, but for most uses, they should do just fine.  Glad to have this as an affordable option to protect my guitars.
