Good short cable, plugs easy
Bought these and they worked great with my Digitech delay, reverb, chorus and Jaman.  No noticeable noise added to my ears.  They continue to work to this day.  They are built tough enough for moderate use and do the job for cheap.  GOOD VALUE!
These are by far the best value for effects pedal cables.  I find the local music stores won't stock them, forcing you to buy higher quality cables at about $7.00 each.  These cables, so far, have done the job at a fraction of the price.  We will see how well they stand up over the long-term as they are a cheaper cable.  But for the price, they are great.  At 6 per pack, you can even afford to simply replace them as they go bad and still be ahead -- if that even happens.
Not much to say about patches...they haven't given me ANY trouble, which is as good as it gets with cables!
These cables are awesome. They do what they are suppose to do and do it well. I personally like that they are smaller in the middle and are easier to fold than regular cable. If you are looking to connect your pedals and dont want to break your wallet look no farther than HOSA 6inch cable!
This was the easiest way to hook up my pedals without having long wires all over the floor to trip on.  It's easy and convenient to use without losing quality and getting feedback loops.  I recommend it to all aspiring musicians.
These pedal cables are of superior quality at a reasonable price. Well-designed and reliable, I highly recommend these. Thanks to Amazon for offering this great product.
I wish I bought longer cables but these cables are fine. They do what they are supposed to do but I know I can spend a few more dollar dollar bills and get a higher quality cable but the tonal difference wouldn't be anything significant.
Works as described.  Solid little wires that allow you to be creative in how you hook up your guitar pedals...may work other applications that require the same type of plug.
These are great for connecting effects pedals.  I really don't know how else you would do it in a small space, without making your pedal box look like a plate of spaghetti.
I got these because I work as a live sound engineer and they sometimes come in handy used as interconnects between guitar pedals.
These cables work well in my jam space, they do seem a little thin if they were to be used heavily in gig'ing but at 1/3 the price, that's fair. Don't get me wrong, these are good cables and for the price I am very happy; I'd buy more for sure. I would probalby uses these for gigging as well if I didn't have heavier duty jumpers available.As the title says, these are a great value and work well.
good product great price. as long as you take care of them they seem as though they will last quite a while.
This was perfect I am very happy with the  Hosa CFS606 6 Inch Right Angle FX Pedal Cable, 6 Pack!
great price. i would recommend it to anyone needing patch cables for their peddle board. very flexable and pretty good quality
These are a bit short, only complaint.But I should have known that going into a 6" double right ended cable.Perhaps a straight to straight would be better.Anyway, besides that, they seem to be decent enough quality.I can see a few years of careful use.
