Sound great, last much longer than any other string I have tried.Worth the extra $$. Give them a try.
These strings sound great, play great, and the coating really does keep down the squeaking. Some purists don't like the coating movement when it comes to strings, and it does take a micron off the treble, but they last a loooong time. I usually only have to change my strings once a month. I use them on my Washburn acoustic guitar, and play rock, folk, and country strumming. They rock, and I feel they are the best strings around today, period.  These strings are very small, and are great for playing for long periods of time, without brutalizing the fingertips. Some people say the real light strings are not good for recording, and you probably have less of a bass boom, but I like 'em.
I've been using elixers on my Godin Multiac Steel SA for many years now. They have a great, not-too-bright sound and you don't get the string noise when you move your hands across the neck like you do with traditional strings. These tend to last me about 3 months! So, I am very happy with them. They also track pretty well with my roland synth, so no gripes there. All in all I really like these strings and think they sound great.
These Elixir Nanoweb acoustic guitar strings are amazing because they sound like new strings for a long time (months) unlike other guitar strings.  Great product.  These Extra Light strings are not light enough for my playing enjoyment, so instead I buy Elixir Nanoweb strings in singles so I can select the gauges that I like even better.  A great product no matter what gauge string you choose.
I put a set of Elixir Nanoweb custom light strings on my main acoustic guitar maybe a couple of months ago.  Although I don't play gigs on it, I play the guitar just about every day, or maybe every other day.  The custom lights are wonderful:  great durability, nice tone and projection, easy on the fingers.  I bought a set of the Elixir extra lights for a Laguna 3/4 size travel guitar I have.  The reasoning was that the lighter body guitar with a shorter scale could use lighter strings, thereby putting less stress on the body.  Compared with the light D'Addario strings that came with the guitar, these have a more muffled low E string.  The A string, too, doesn't project as much as the standard strings.  Although I've not tried the extra lights on my full-sized acoustic, I suspect that there, too, the lower strings would not have the presence or ring of other brands.  Even with the custom light set--where the lower strings are a heavier gauge than a normal light set--the bass notes have a slight hint of that muffled quality.  The thing that most players of Elixirs seem to talk about is the playability and the durability.  They are smoother feeling than non-coated strings, and certainly don't degrade because of perspiration nearly as quickly as regular strings.  The other thing that's important to know, though, is that the Elixirs are excellent at holding a tune, once they're stretched and broken in.  That being said, I'm not sure that I would put the extra lights on the Laguna again because of the bass projection issue:  a small guitar has little enough bass to begin with and these strings don't help.  As you might have guessed, though, I'm thoroughly convinced about the custom lights on the full-sized acoustic.
I have written other reviews about elixir. High quality strings. Great for acoustic and electric. No complaints on these strings.
It was time for a change after many years of using the same strings and I am really glad I tried Elixir. They feel really nice and sound awesome, I will be sticking with these now, thanks for the good and prompt service as well Cheers !!!
these strings sound really great and have that special nanoweb coating that is resistant to corrosion and rusting like other strings tend to get as they age.  the extra light gauge sound so bright and happy on my acoustic- which is very old and tired looking.. but sounds brand new when i throw these strings on it.  very much recommended.. acoustic and elixir electric strings as well.
