This strap kicks butt im a tall and big guy so its hard to find longer straps for cheap and baby is long if I have it to max its TO LONG that never happened to me and im 6 4 300 LBS so if your tall buy it don't waste your time with the Planet Wave ones there junk too short and the leather ends are really thin and brake after a few weeks of hard usage
Very good strap. Fine quality. Your guitar will be fixed surely. Just one thing: that strap is too big for kids. So if you choose some kind of mini guitar, than you'd better to find something else. Else, this is a really good choise!
Good stitching, no slippage. Awesome strap. Fits straps locks just fine. Perfectly happy with this strap. Thank you earnie ball!
I needed a new strap but I didn't want to pay $20 for one. I saw the ernie ball ones and decided to give it a shot. I'm glad I did. The strap is awesome. It's very very comfortable and can expand longer than any strap I've ever had. It totally deserves 5 stars!
A very good strap.
perfect size for us big guys. i do recommend some snap locks for it though. . . . . .
I was displeased with a somewhat poor-quality strap I was using before.  It just didn't seem to want to hang on, so I went ahead and decided to buy a replacement.This is what I chose, and notably, I chose it for the color, just simply because I thought a white strap would look nice on a red and white guitar.So far, it's given me no problems, and it looks very nice and functions perfectly.  This is a great bargain, too, since it's certainly not an expensive accessory.
A nice simple adjustable strap that has well reinforced ends to hold the attachment posts on my guitar without any worries.  It is a bit slippery so for top-heavy guitars like Les Pauls the neck tends to keep slipping down so you have to support it with your fret hand a little.  I thinking of sewing a silicon mat on the underside so it will stay put on my shoulder.
It's comfortable. It's adjustable. The color was a good match for the guitar. Unless you regularly gig for hours at a time, why spend 50+ smackers on a strap when this one does just fine? Put the dough into the guitar, not the strap. By several colors for whatever look you are going for at the time.
For the money, this strap is as good as any other poly strap.  Plus, it was made in the U.S.A.!
I've only used it a few times but this strap looks like it's here to last. No frills, just a plain black strap.
This is just what it looks like - a very economical strap.  The great thing about it is the length.  As any other tall person will tell you, finding a strap that adjusts to longer than normal can be frustrating.  This strap is very long, if you need it to be.  For the price, very hard to beat this.  Works well withDunlop Dual Design Straplok System, Blacktoo.  Overall, a good buy, for a backup strap or your primary.
I've always loved the ernie ball straps from playing it all the way down to your knees, all the way up to you chest the strap never fails, I've owned countless ernie ball straps and I always come back to them for the main reason, I've never had one fail! a great strap for a great price
i've had this strap for at least a year now, and it still works so well. goes great with my guitar too!
For at great price, this strap does all that it is suppose to do.  It is very will made, has the Ernie Ball logo on it and  works just fine.
What you see is what you get. It's cheap, It's basic, and It works. The best thing about this synthetic product is the price, and color options!
Made of quality material. I do not need anything fancy,because I am a simle person! It does a first class job on my vintage electric guitar!
Great inexpensive strap.  Really, what more can you say?  I wanted something to hold my guitar up, and it does just that.
A very attractive and well constructed strap. I've been somewhat disappointed with some of the more expensive straps but this one is Excellent...................AND NOT SO EXPENSIVE. All the Buttons fit well (Snug) and it adjusts easily and quickly.
this is a great strap. nice tight fit, snug and secure and very flexible. Best part this strap gets long long long. Yep here it is.
Great build quality, works like it should. Feels comfortable to wear also. No complaints at all :) Great color also considering my guitar is a shade of green :D
Cheaply made and thin leather leave a lot to be desired. At least it's long enough for even the lowest slung of guitar postures. This should accomadate a bass as well due to the extra length.I am comparing it to $10 guitar center straps which have double leather ends which are much sturdier than the ones on this Ernie Ball strap, which are thin and single ply. I wouldn't trust this strap without a strap lock.
I really didn't expect this guitar strap to be anything more than what it is. It's tight knit nylon with leather to attach to the strap posts, It's not a super fancy top of the line guitar strap, but it serves it's purpose well. feels sturdy enough and it's adjustable for a man of any size. I ordered it on the 20th and received it on the 23rd, no complaints here. If you are like me and do not feel that it is necessary to spend 20$ or 30$ on a guitar strap then this would suit you just fine, for 6$ you can't beat it. buy one or 2 nothing to lose here
I like purple, and it is purple. The strap is sturdy. It works, what else needs to be said; it arrived timely, is decent quality, and a nice color.
this makes the second one of this straps that I have ordered and I love them. They are longer than your standerd strap and that is great for a big guy like myself. I don't have not one bad thing to say. great buy and will do it again if I ever need anouther strap.
So sexy with my SG. Great quality. I was going to get a pink furry one... this is better I think.
Got three of these straps as we got tired of changing them whenever we needed one on a different guitar.  This is a great strap for the money.  They leather ends do not rub the guitar finish and the holes do not wear out as fast.  If you want to spend more money, you can and get a little better (leather extends higher on the strap on the more expensive ones -- nicer) but if you want something that is functional and looks good this is a good value.
This is a very nice guitar strap in light gray.  The strap material and the double-leather ends are heavy duty and should last a long time.  I got this at an awesome price too!
Product does what you would think. I use it on my bass and haven't had a problem with it yet. If you are constantly playing shows, this may not be your first choice, but if you just need something to hold your guitar or bass up, then this is it. You can't beat the price.
I have both black and white Ernie ball straps, really comfortable, easy to adjust, holds guitar securely, and both colors look great with black guitars!
Nothing special. Just like every other strap of its kind. I compared it to other poly straps I have and it's OK. No better and no worse. Price was good. It took a long time to come. Leather ends seem OK. I mention that because it appears to be the main complaint..I'm using it as a spare so it should be OK. I'm a little disappointed. I'm used to a higher quality from EB products. It is very adjustable and should be able to be used by nearly everyone. I don't perform a lot of antics on stage, it's just me and the axe. I don't expect any problems. Hope this helps. Small &#34;thumbs up&#34; to Amazon.
Finally I found a long strap for my new guitar.  I had bought one earlier that was leather, but was way too short.  It felt like my guitar hung around my neck.  This new strap is plenty long enough, and looks good.  My only negative is that it is sharp on the sides of the strap so most players will feel it on their neck, but it sure fits nice and long.  I would recommend this to any guitar player.
the hole at the end where you hook it up gets worn out easily .. just try and leave it on always..its cheap but it wont fail, wont drop your guitar, if you're careful.
I'm sure glad that I bought these straps, there not leather but are put together very well. I plan on using them as backups in the studio. The price was just right, cam quickly and I'd buy them again.
I figured at this price I wouldn't be able to use this strap to secure my Dean from Hell guitar. But figured if it wasn't up to being a reliable strap for my expensive & pretty heavy ax that I could always use it for my Rock Band guitar. And I'm rather certain that this strap will outlast the Rock Band guitar. So very pleased with this strap & would recommend it for any beginner with a inexpensive guitar that's likely 1/4 plastic and very lightweight.
I've used this strap on different guitars and it works great on all of them.  If you're looking for an economical strap this will work great.  My experience has been that Ernie Ball makes great products.
My preferred strap was a hand made leather with my name on it, but it wasn't adjustable.  I bought this one for its adjustability.
I've tried leather straps, I've tried Rocksteady straps, I still keep coming back to this strap. It's steady, Highly adjustable. And it works very nicely with the Dunlop Dual Design Straplok system. Good job Ernie Ball! I even prefer this to a nice Levy's strap that I own because the Ernie Ball strap is a bit slipperier
So perhaps I don't know what shade burgandy really is. Or the picture is a bit misleading. It is as stated, although the picture shows a criss cross pattern this is just woven. As too "DEE"s reveiw... the buckle doesn't seem to bother me. I am not calling him or her out or anything. My best guess, it's playing style. I myself play bass, when I first started I played on the 3" inch straps and found they bothered me, went to the 2" straps proplem solved. I am sure that at certain lengths it does become a bother. But for me and the way I play... No complaints.
Great strap, durable and good lookin. It Works great for me, i like this type of strap's, simple & durable. Try one.
This is my second Ernie Ball strap i have gotten, and sure there are cheaper straps out there its a crapshoot what your going to get from them. These straps have leather ends that hold the guitar securely, the strap itself is a step down from a seatbelt (If a seatbelt will keep me in place at high speeds this strap will keep your guitar in place at low speeds), and the length would be sufficient even if you are 7 ft. tall. Coming in several different colors to match any color guitar this is the only strap i will buy in the future.
