I just received these cables today and the packaging they come in is quite simple. However, there are two zip ties that secure the cables together so you will need to be careful when cutting them not to damage the cable itself with your knife or scissors.These are, "Value" cables after all. However, they seem very sturdy and are perfect for budget home recording studio use. I like how Audio Technica made something like an XLR cable look so pleasing to the eyes.As for quality, so far I've been getting a clean signal, even with my cheap Pyle Pro PDMIC58. I had to replace the cable that came with that mic because it was really that awful. Hopefully the AT Value cable will hold up! I'll update this review if anything happens.If your looking for a decent cable for a low price, I would give these a try.
I purchased this cable to use for a multitude of purposes around my home studio and within my live rig.I am a bass player by trade, though I dabble with many other instrument (as many of us do). I typically run direct for recording and have lately been foregoing a bass amp for many live shows, when the sound system is adequate, via SansAmp ParaDriver or VT Bass Deluxe DI.Around my modest home studio I often need an XLR to run just a few feet from my DI to my interface so the AT cable works well there. For being a thin flexible cable, I notice no noise issues or interference problems.I also sing backups on stage and I typically run my mic into a TC Electronics Mic Mechanic pedal, (which is great for those of us who do not have outboard effects processors for our vocals) and then to the mixer. I use the AT 10' XLR to run from the Mic to the pedal and it allows just the right amount of cable to be routed securely for the show, then I run the standard XLR to mixer or stage snake out of the TC.The cable end are very rugged feeling and have a very solid feel when connecting and disconnecting equipment, unlike many of my other cheaper XLR cables. This cable, at least in its 10' form, sounds just as good as my Mogami Silver 25' XLR. I know that many cheaply priced XLRs are noisy and problematic. I have several. I don't have to worry about those problems with this cable and will be purchasing more in other lengths as well to compare to my Mogami cables.On short, I would recommend it for any budget conscious musical professional or novice alike.
Much better than the more economical one's sold.  I should have gotten the 15 foot, but you live and learn.  My studio is small but it needs to wrap around my desk and go into my sound-proof closet.  It matches my awesome AT2035 microphone.
This cable is very well constructed. I use it in my DJ business and I highly recommend it to anyone who needs one like it.
I use this for my desk mic I use for recording. It is the perfect length and the connectors are of excellent quality, especially for this price. Definitely would buy these again for other mics in the future.
