these are a lighter tensioned version of their popular J74 strings, the pitch is somewhat lower than the J74s and the effort needed to fret a note is much less, nice for old fingers and beginners.
I'm primarily a guitar player, but I do have a decent mandolin that had factory strings on it.  Those strings made it hard to play, so I tried these D'Addario mandolin strings.  What a difference!  These strings are great!
I used to use 009 to 032 and decided to up it a size to the 010...  I like light strings for a more classical and sweeter sound.  The heavier gauges such as 11's are okay too but the 012's seemed to be used a lot for the chop rhythm which I don't ascribe to. At one point I did have a set of Bluegrass 012's on it but they didn't feel right for me plus I didn't like the way the 012's sat on top the nut, I was a bit worried that the nut would crack, which is what happens when the gauges are too fat for the nut slot.IF you want 012's I would highly recommend you take it to a tech so he can evaluate the nut and slot it to the proper width to accommodate the 012.The reason I switched from 009 to 010 is that I was hard pressed and in need of a set and the local music shop didn't carry the 009's any longer so I went to the 010.  I believe my mando was set up with 10's or 11's but I wasn't sure.  I tweaked the action and the 010's are fine and I've made the adjustment.Strings, ahem....  are just about all the same.  They local music shop is very knowledgeable and they told me a story around NAMM shows and how the string booths don't really give out too much info and the origins of their products.  There may be (according to the my local music shop) a few companies that actually make their own strings but the bulk of the strings out there are probably manufactured in a mass quantities at factories in PRC or other offshore sources, sold in bulk and packaged by the companies.  Who knows?  And the shop sure tried to find out but it's a dark dark secret out there at the trade shows, so nobody is talking, and making a logical assumptions from a corporate standpoint are probably not too far off the mark, i.e.  Strings are mass produced for market and most string companies as I said earlier are buying bulk and packaging for the consumers.What does that mean?  That means I need some inside info to this bulk purchasing and I'll sell my own!  The quality is probably up as much as the tooling and raw materials will allow, so why not!Cheers!
Good strings. Light... but I'll be going to coated strings next.  The coated ones are Medium, which is too heavy for me.
In my 13 years of playing the guitar I have settled on D&#8217;Addario as my string of choice.  When I picked up the mandolin four months ago deciding which string to buy was easy. I&#8217;m really glad I did.  The tone is great, they&#8217;re durable and smooth on the fingers.  Even though they are smaller strings they still produce the sustain and bell-like tone that mandolinists are after.  They respond great to different styles and dynamic levels.  You can play sweet classical passages, roaring bluegrass and even rock.  I have a high end Washburn F-Style and these strings coupled with Wegan picks make the Washburn sound SPECTACULAR!  They also bring out the sound of the wood too which I appreciate.  If you are in need of a smaller string that still sounds good, this is the pack to get. Thanks D&#8217;Addario for providing an awesome product!
The strings definitely have a good tone, though I've got them on a low-end mandolin. They may be more than the mando needs. But they sound great!
Great sound over the original strings.  I did find these strings a little difficult to install because of the size.  They will draw blood if your not careful so watch it while replacing the small strings.  The G and the D were fine.
The strings are slightly smaller than the J74 and deliver a great sound.  Several of my friends ask about the sound and the difference in the sound.  My reply was to purchase a set and give them a try.  Thanks Again
