I've used three pop filters in my experiences with home recording and podcasting.  This one is the worst.  The plastic screw (yes, plastic) that is meant to grip the pole that you attach the pop filter to, is completely incapable of supporting it's own weight at nearly any angle.  Bad...just bad.Secondly, there is a metal piece that secures the flex arm to the clamp.  It seemed loose after I got it out of the packaging and the flex arm would wobble and rotate in that spot causing a major problem when it came to proper placement.  After twisting on it twice I stripped it out.  Now the thing is worthless.  I'm returning it ASAP.I would rather go to a lady's bag flea market sale with a crazy woman for a day than continue to put up with this thing.  Do yourself a huge favor and buy the Nady 6" pop filter.  If you don't, you'll wish you did.
I use this everyday.  It has prolonged the life of my equipment and improved the quality of my vocal productions
As stated it's a bit heavy which causes problems when used on a stand with a boom, but it's a decent product at a fair price.
Not easy to set up, hard to tighten down. Works well enough as a filter once you get it placed.
It's a good product, works well and does what it's meant to do.  I'm glad I bought it over the other main pop filter, as that one has bad reviews.
Frankly, I'd never heard of a "pop filter" until my popping p's and b's came into consciousness at the same time that this device popped into my field of view on an Amazon web page.  I'll bet that a couple of layers of women's nylon stockings would be just as effective, but this contraption pretty much purges your elocution of the offensive phonemes (they're called "plosives").  I'm still hearing the "s" phonemes (sibilants) along with some guttural artifacts ("back" vowels prefaced by an "h" that ignite a momentary gargling effect), but this filter doesn't purport to be able to do anything about those buggers.As for the price, after seeing the gooseneck, the base, the generous-sized screws, etc., I'm prepared to say that  this one is fairly valued (I doubt that the Shure or Blue pop filters, at almost double the price, offer anything more than brand-name status).  The hardware and build-quality are about as solid and heavy-duty as you could wish for.  (I know I'll never be able to blow it away.)  Unfortunately, the clamp seems designed to fit on a mic stand rather than a computer screen, which is almost a half-inch too thick.
You may wat to reconsider buying ANY filter.On this model, the top (filter) part is essentially pantyhose wrapped around a cardboard tube.Despite this, the clamp and adjuster parts are relatively good.In all honesty, Buy a nicer filter, or none at all. They do NOT make a huge difference on recording quality unless you're using Top-of-the-line microphones. If this is the case, spend the money to get a nicer filter.One nice thing- these keep artists from getting too close to the mic and essentially making out with them. I found that quality nice when dealing with... passionate vocalists.
