I have just gotten all the adaptor snow to make this work. Focusrite was very helpful will problems concerning this. I have only made a few recording but I am going to make a lot more. Very easy to use.
I wanted to find a device that let me record easily when at a gig, or just in my office. I did a LOT of research into devices that were USB only, even other ones that Focusrite sold. The main reason I picked this one was its versatility in being both iPad and USB compatible.The complaints about the iPad connector cable are valid - it's too stiff and short. I feel like I might accidently break it off if I'm not too careful. Why it uses a proprietary connector on the back of the unit, I'll never know. To combat the included 30-pin cable I bought a$10 3ft 30-pin extension cable, which seems to do the job nicely. The GarageBand software on the iPad is simple enough to use, and while it can only record one of the 2 input channels at a time, that's fine for what I expected. To record from a live sound-board, I just use the XLR input, set the gain (with the awesome colored halo ring), and save the recording as a mono track.Being small and solidly built, I've got no problem tossing this in the milk-crate with the rest of my cables and peddles.In regards to how it records when plugging into a computer via USB (an iMac in this case), it's even better than I expected. The GarageBand software on the Mac does have the ability to record both input channels at the time time. The on-board monitor volume and headphone is fantastic. I thought it only would play back what was being input at that moment, but it does more than that. It's a real monitor (the GarageBand software recognizes it's the monitor output), and when you have a multi-track recording that you're working on, the software allows you to pass back other tracks from the computer while recording a new track.For example, I recorded a track with just the guitar (track 1), I was using the 1/4" input channel, and laid down that track. Then I created a second guitar track and recorded a second guitar part (headphones plugged into iTrack Solo) and I was able to hear both the current track I was recording, and the first track. Lastly, I plugged in a mic into the first input, and created a 3rd vocal only track. When I was singing, I was able to hear both guitar parts with the headphones still plugged into the iTrack Solo as well as my vocals recording in real-time. I wasn't expecting this level of capability, and was very impressed by the lack of any noticeable latency in both the backing tracks and the vocals I was recording with all 3 going at the same time.The last thing I want to mention is the XLR pre-amp. Focusrite has been making high-end professional recording equipment for a long time, and the thing they're most well-known for is the mic pre-amp. I have to say, it is spectacular. There is absolutely no noise (no hiss, or clicks) of any kind. The gain staging nobs with the color halos make it so easy to setup, it's almost too easy. The sound it captures is exactly what you expect, and you'll notice right away if you're using a low quality microphone. It definitely stands up to their reputation. Having 48v phantom power to use those top dollar condenser mics is also a really nice thing to have. The demos on their website show how simple it is to use. Once you start playing with it, you'll realize it is a really nice tool for a solo artist, or someone who wants high portability, but great sound quality.
Despite its iFlavor it works beautifully with my PC. Sounds better than any sound card i've used and of course gives me the ability to play and record on my computer with no noticeable latency. It's a great intro model, not just for ipads. Whole device is powered and runs over one USB cord. I'm so impressed, my main PC audio comes out of the headphone jack of this device. It's an extremely capable machine with good drivers and works great with REAPER.
I bought one of these for myself after using one in a junior high school music program. (I'm a teacher, not a student.) I have only used it with Garage Band, but it works really well. I have used it to record electronic drums, bass guitar (direct out from a multi-effects pedal), vocals, and guitar (with garage band's virtual amps.) I've been very impressed. If you really turn up the gain, you will start to get a lot of noise, but the noise comes well AFTER you get past the point that any reasonable signal is &#34;clipping&#34;-making the light turn red. So, with the gain at 1/3 or so of the way up, you get good clean signal with little to no noise. The cord connecting to the ipad is really pathetically short. I bought 2 of the same Ziotek extension cable-at the recommendation of Focusrite. One worked, the other didn't. So, yeah, best of luck with that. Focusrite should really have made a longer cable. It gets in the way of the USB power plug a little bit, and makes things awkward. Other than that, I like it a lot.
I got one of these from another source but have returned it for exchange because of the following issue:  when I record a track either with the "Audio Recorder" or "Guitar Amp" screens in Garageband on my iPad 3, iOS7, the recording is great. But once I toggle over to the multitrack view and attempt to play the recording just made, there is godawful distortion and the audio is completely unlistenable.  Here's the other part of this: I can use Apogee Jam guitar interface, and iRig Pre microphone interface and Garageband behaves as it should and I can play the multitrack view with no problems whatsoever. The Focusrite support folks suggested I do a backup of my iPad contents and then do a software restore but I opted to return the unit instead, since the Apogee and iRig both work perfectly with Garageband. So, I don't know if the unit is having a problem with iOS7 or I just happened to get a lemon but I'll find out when the new one comes next week.  If it works correctly, I'll update this review after doing a few recordings. But, I would say if you've just updated to iOS7 or are thinking about it and you want to get this unit, you might want to hold off on that upgrade.  UPDATE: Got a replacement unit and even did a restore on my iPad, as suggested by a Focusrite support tech, and STILL have the problem I discussed above.  So, this product simply has turned out to be a dud for me. If anyone else has a similar issue with this and find a resolution,  please let me know.
