After reading some poor reviews for goosenecks of 19&#34; or more, I decided to play it safe with a couple of 13&#34; gooseneck =- this way, if a longer unit is needed, I can just screw 2 together.  This is an excellent piece of hardware, very stiff and sturdy with no droop or sag.  Even when I put 2 together to come over the top of my guitar amp so I could mic it from the front, using an SM 57, and this gooseneck holds the mic absolutely still.Great buy.
I purchased 2 of these items to use with my band for the guitarists. I was disapointed when I mounted a Shure sm 58 mic on it and found that the goose neck would not stay erect. These are made far too loose and flexible for most professional mics. They may work on very small and light weight units but for my needs they are totally unuseable. It would have been helpful to include the suggested weight that this goose neck would support in the sales description. I wasted my money. Don't waste yours. Perhaps viagra would be helpful ;-)
is an excellent product super strong and works great arrived in excellent condition. This very cool.its strong and hard
I use the gooseneck to position my pop filter over my microphone. It is also sturdy enough to use on my microphone holder to hold my microphone in place.
So stiff. Nothing short of a five pound weight will cause this extension to buckle. If you sing and use effects pedals for an instrument, and can't rely on a good boom microphone stand being at every venue, get one of these and throw it in with your gear.
I am glad I bought this. It is exactly what was described and it was a good price. Get it.
I got this to install it on a podium. It is perfect. The construction is very sturdy, and it always stays in place. Get it, if you need one.
We added this as an extension to our clubhouse PA system. It's very nice quality has a range of easily adjustable stops and provided excellent ability for both short and tall speakers
I use this when myOn Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck, Blackare too long for what I want to do. Sometimes - on rare occasions - I have used this to extend the length of the 13" model.The mic I mainly use this with is aNady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphone, which is small, relatively light, and works with saxophones as well as drums and cymbals. When I am using that mic for alto and tenor sax, I use anOn Stage MY550 Microphone Extension Attachment Barto clamp to the pole of a regular microphone stand, and attach the gooseneck and DM70 without using a separate mic stand.Because this and its bigger sibling are so versatile I keep a few of each size around, plus a supply of extra extension attachment bars. In some situations they can be a savior during set up.  I will empahsize, though, that anything larger than the DM70 or DM80 (which is slightly larger and heavier), and this may not hold your mic in place.
Nice looking gooseneck, threads are clean, fits well.  However, the gooseneck is too flexible and will not hold up a mic (Shure SM58) without collapsing.  Better try another brand, or spend a buck or two more to get a better product.
This arrived and when I tried to use it, it turned out that the male threads were some  oddball metric size that does NOT fit any standard adapter.Instead, these theads stripped the fitting on my mike clip, so now I have to go somewhere else and buy a new gooseneck AND a clip.This is such a standard item, that there is no excuse for making it with non-standard threads, and NO excuse at all for advertising it as standard 5/8ths...
