I really feel like this thing is my personal slave, just standing off to the side, waiting to grab my guitar when I hand it off. It is reliable and rock solid. The tripod base has been very steady so far. It really is a great product.The other thing I have to say about this stand is that it has the non-scuff padding on the all the RIGHT places. I bought another stand from another company that claimed to have similar material. And it did, but not at all the guitar contact points.I do have to laugh at the folks here and on Musician's Friend who have given this a bad rating because of the following:1. "It ejected my guitar when it got tilted forward." - The basic idea is their guitar was on-stage, someone pushed the stand forward, the patented guitar retaining mechanism disengaged when the base of the guitar touch the floor on the way to the ground, releasing the guitar and dumping on the floor. REALITY: Let's say the stand held onto the guitar. It still would have hit face first and messed up the guitar. Sometimes accidents happen. Don't blame the stand. Blame the moron who knocked over your guitar.2. "The guitar touches the floor." - It's not supposed to! Try elevating the next, or make sure you bought the model appropriate for your kind of guitar.This stand is worth the extra money over those $15 disasters. Spend an extra $10 and save yourself the headache.
The absolute best guitar stand made. Strong, and durable. I bought one about 4 months ago, and just ordered a second. Hercules is by far the best quality for musical instrument stands.
I've been eyeing these stands for a while - ~$40-50 always seemed like such a lot of money for something to just hold a guitar upright. I'd spent a little money (usually $5-10) here and there on cheapy little stands with the spinning base. Now that I finally have one of these, I'm throwing those pieces of junk out and buying a few more of these Hercules stands.It hold acoustic and electric guitars very well. With the extendable neck, it can also handle a bass guitar. The angle this leans back makes it very stable, and when a guitar is hanging on it, the center of gravity is such that it takes quite a bit of force to tip the stand over. It holds both electric and acoustics. I haven't done any full drop tests, but regardless of which guitar I put on it, the stand didn't once feel like it was going to tip over easily or drop the guitar.Piece of mind is key with an instrument that costs several thousand dollars, and this stand lives up to expectations, and does exactly what it's meant to do.
The stand is very well constructed and very stable.  The other stands that I have used were all bottom holders.  I was a little concern using a stand with a neck holder, but then again..all guitar stores display their guitars with them...so I thought ... lets have a go,  I'm glad I did.  My stand doesn't tip over like the others.  You just have to lift up before you take your instrument out.  The fingers in front hold the instrument in... lifting up slightly will disengage the fingers so you can remove your instrument.
I use this music stand for my acoustic bass and electric bass these instruments are quite large and it secures the very well and they are very easily accessed  . I also use it for my acoustic tenor guitar which is on the other end of the scale in size and it works beautifully for it, Breaks down to a reasonable size for transport.
My only complaint is that it doesn't fold up smaller, but otherwise this is an excellent stand. I have to concede I'm a bit spoiled by the super light weight and much more compact folded dimensions of myK & M Memphis Pro Guitar Stand. However that light weight comes at the cost of a slightly more fragile build. The extra heft of the Hercules has the advantage of slightly better stability when you remove the instrument from the stand (the K&M; tends to want to bounce backward as the weight is removed if used on a padded carpeted floor). Despite not folding up quite as small, the Hercules is simpler to unfold and adjust (one action for legs, one action for height, whereas the K&M; has three separate legs and two vertical sections / clamps). I do realize that I bought the one without the folding yoke and am not considering that aspect when comparing it to the K&M.; Length and girth folded would still be quite a bit larger than the K&M; (large enough that I won't try carrying it in my gig bag pocket as I do the K&M;).I'm also not convinced Hercules' trade mark pivoting finger yoke is all that necessary on this type of stand. The back angle and the fact that a good portion of the instrument rests against the padded legs means it would take so much force to knock an instrument off of it that it's knock the whole stand over. No big deal, just more parts (and weight). I think I prefer K&M;'s yoke, as it automatically adjusts inward to the width of the neck as weight is applied. The Hercules has a fixed width yoke with pivoting "gates". Both work perfectly well with my Fender and similar bass head stocks.I've had two of the K&M;'s and the second was a bit of a disaster. It was defective in more than two areas. Defects happen, but one highlighted a weakness which concerns me a bit, and lead me to try the Hercules(I won't go into all of that here, see my review on that product). Aside from the potential weak spot of the yoke, the Hercules should prove to be far more durable and tolerant of my occasional clumsiness. I'm glad I purchased this one and I think I'll get plenty of use from it. But I should mention, it did allow me to better understand and appreciate the strengths of the K&M;, mainly its awesome portability (despite its slightly more fragile nature).In the interest of further comparison, I've got anUltimate  GS100 Support Genesis 100 Guitar Standon order, and will review it against this and the K&M; as well. I opted for the GS-100 without an automatic closing mechanism over the GS-1000 which has one for the reasons I stated above- I don't believe it is strictly necessary. The reviews of the GS100 are also more favorable, and the GS100 is cheaper (which suits my cheapness.
I've been playing the guitar since the 1960's, so I've gone through plenty of guitar stands.  Always found the hanging-type to be the safest & most secure.  For a long time I was using the Hamilton chrome hanging stand.  When I first saw these being used by all the guitar players at the church I attend (Christ Community Church, St Charles, IL), I decided to give them a look.  The build quality is very good and all the sections that come in contact with the guitar (Electric or Acoustic) are padded with a foam material to prevent scratching/ denting.  It offers a very solid support and I feel safe putting my guitar on it.  This is the only type of stand I prefer to use.  I do wish it wasn't made in China, too much of our money goes to that country (just my opinion).  The bottom line is that I am very happy with this stand and would recommend it to any guitar player who wants a sturdy, well built stand that keeps the guitar safe and should last for ever.
I heard alot about these stands and finally decided to buy one after my cheapo one fell over with my bass still on it.This is a nice looking, well designed stand and feels like it can withstand the rigors of constant use. However, the 5th time I took this to a show, I expanded it and one of the screws and nuts attaching the back leg to the support bar fell off and I never did fine the missing screw...wound up wrapping electrical tape around it to support my bass for the night. I ended up buying some screws and fixing it (which was also a pain as the nut needs to be inserted about 6 inches down the pipe and secured so you can thread the screw into it....not an easy task. I really expected better quality for $35.00 after such light use....still love it, but not to a 5 star level.
I bought this stand primarily to hold my Epiphone Les Paul. I have owned the other cheaper stands which are not built as well as the Hercules. The stand holds the guitar in place by the neck and the bottom of the guitar rests on the padding of the stand legs. There is no room for movement of the guitar like you fins with other stands. I can also move the guitar in the stand from room to room without issues. I plan on buying another one to hold a rather large acoustic guitar. I like how the stand is completely adjustable and locks into place.I strongly suggest this stand for heavier guitars rather than the cheaper stands out there, the extra cost is well worth the investment. I bought this at my local guitar shop for $40 after looking into it, the manager of the guitar shop recommended it to a few people while I was there.UPDATE 11/5/12- A few weeks ago, I bought myself a second one seeing the amazon price was lower than the local retailers. I usually buy locally, but the deal here was great. The stand is worth the price and more.
This is hands down the best guitar stand on the market. It will last a lifetime and never drop your axe. I have two of these plus a wall mount hanger for my basses and I love them all!
I had been leery about leaving my Fender 5 string Custom Jazz bass on guitar stands until I met the Hercules GS414B.  The stand is "built like a tank" with sturdy legs and a strong upper support that fits the neck and headstock of my bass perfectly.  My bass weighs about 9.5 pounds with the strap and with its long neck, fits perfectly in the Hercules, with the body of the bass resting  well-balanced against the padded legs.The design and reclining angle of the stand makes it extremely stable and I experimented with trying to tip the bass over. It will take more than  an "accident" to tip the bass off its stand.  The self-closing mechanism works very well and requires no effort to lock or to unlock.The lock is engaged by simply placing the bass in the locking mechanism.  The lock releases by lifting the bass from the stand.My only dislike is the bright yellow paint on the leg hinge mechanism. I would have preferred  the stand being a more conservative all black.
