We use these at our church to light up stands for performing music or doing readings during worship.I appreciate the adjustable antennae so that the lights can be directed to specific areas. The light is bright enough to be able to read even if the room is otherwise in darkness. I do wish they had one more LED in the heads, though - with two standard 8-1/2 x 11 pages on the music stand, the outer edges cannot be lit directly (though there is enough bleed over light to see it, it's not as bright as it could be). Just another 20% output would make these 5 stars perfect.Construction-wise, they're slightly fragile - clearly not made for industrial or heavy duty use - but for standard usage, they will hold up just fine and should last for years.We love them - we have 7 or 8 at the church that we use. They're especially wonderful because they're battery operated. With all the cords we already have from microphones, it's wonderful not to have an equal number of extra power cords running a bunch of electric lights. There's an extra environmental cost with using the batteries versus plugging them in, but the handiness, adaptability, and lack of extra cords make it worth it.Definitely recommend these to anyone, and also recommend the manufacturer add another 20% or so lumens.
These are great lights for music stands.  If you need a good blackout light theMighty Bright 52010 Pedalboard Light, Blackhas a red light that works great for dark stages.  Because they are LED the batteries last a long time. Some of the Mighty Bright lights also have an AC adapter option but this one doesn't.
I am a little disappointed. I could use a brighter light. I forgot how dim LED lights are. I am looking to change if I can find something else.
They do the job of lighting your music up and they are easy to clip onto your music stand. The switches on the lamps however are a bit flakey.
Works great. I use this thing several times per week in rehearsals and it always does the job. My only critique would be in battery life; maybe a different setup (it uses 3 AAA batteries) would provide longer life. Otherwise it's great-
This clamp on pair of miniature lamps does an excellent job of illuminating music, set lists and notes. The manufacturer claims 12 lumens of light, which is roughly equivalent to a 1 Watt bulb, but the lens and the way the light is diffused make them seem much brighter. Since the design keeps the light somewhat directional they are relatively discreet and will not interfere with others on the stage, in the studio or in the audience.The three batteries will last 28 hours of continuous use according to the spec sheet, and that is in the ballpark of the use time I am getting between battery changes.What I love is the dual heads, each on a gooseneck that is over a foot long. The length gives you a lot of flexibility [no pun intended] for placing the lights exactly where you want them. The goosenecks easily bend and stay in whatever position you bend them to. The clamp is perfect for most stands and has a layer of padding to prevent marring surfaces. The manufacturer claims that this light can be used free standing. Frankly that is a stretch and I would recommend a light designed with a larger base if that is what you are really looking for. This one does work beautifully clamped to music stands, and the illumination will cover both pages of a chart.
Not very bright. Not very flexible. Too big. Clunky. I really don't like it. I wish I had went in a different direction.
My wife got this for me as I tend to play the guitar in less than ideal lighting conditions.  THis is the neatest little light I have ever seen.  It takes 3 AAA batteries (included- but I did not find them until I was tossing the package out). And has 2 nice LEDs.  The lights are bright enough for my 40 something eyes but not so bright as to introduce glare on the sheep music.  The clip is plenty strong enough and even hold to my rolled edge music stand.  Battery life so far has been at least 8 hours (actually probably 12 hours as my daughter has been using the light also).  I love the ease at which the lights are adjustable.  A real needed item is you play in darker rooms.
