I bought this to upgrade from a Eurorack 802 that I had. I'm quite please with the Xenyx 1202. Lots of inputs, phantom power, and it produces really great sound! I'm very happy with this little mixer.
This mixer has four mic inputs. It has some fun effects. This mixer comes with a 80Hz filter and a 3-band equalizer on the mic channels. It has a FX-send that can be used as a mono output if you only need mono. I do not hear any external noise. It has a durable metalic case.  This mixer has great audio.
I was actually trying to buy the smaller Xenyx when I bought this one, but I'm so glad I got this model. Unbelievable amount of flexibility built into it. I use with the UCA202 audio interface and the Audio-Technica AT2035 for recording on my PC with Audacity every day since I unpacked it with no problems. Makes a perfect small studio combination!
I own the Behringer Xenyx 1202FX, which is essentially this model but costs about 20 dollars more for the FX (it comes with 100 set effects). I have been doing home recording with Cubase and Logic, using a Presonus Firebox audio interface, with both MIDI, vocals and instruments, and didn't use a mixing board, but eventually decided to try one out given that (a) they are making them at very reasonable prices and (b) I had more inputs and outputs than the Firebox could easily handle.This mixing board didn't look that impressive to me when I first checked it out, but having set it up and used it, it operates very well and cleanly. The fact that it comes with four mic inputs and preamps is a plus. The fact that it does not have an on/off switch is a minus. But basically it works well, the EQ is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. Behringer makes a range of models with less/more inputs to suit one's needs, so this is great. Also, having a dedicated mixer makes it easier for me, as I can leave all my inputs connected and just adjust things on the mixer depending on what I want to record. Another small thing that is mixing is a button that cuts out the line altogether -- you have to turn it down to zero. And, there are no faders (except the main); instead it uses knobs for everything. Well, I would have liked some of these things, but then I would have to pay more, and what I really wanted was functionality at a good price, and that is what the Behringer Xenyx has delivered thus far.By the way, I am running the following through the mixer: an AT3035 audiotechnica condenser mic, an Alesis QS8.1, guitar via line-in (or mic'd), two KRK RP5 studio monitors, Presonus Firebox. Everything's been working and sounding great thus far. Since I'm using Logic, the effects are basically unnecessary, but if I ever want to use the board for live use, which I may do, they could come in handy. I'd say the effects are just so-so.
I am giving this item 5 stars because it is awesome litle mixer, was not expecting much for the price but this little unit (it is very small) as I went from  Mackie 1202 to the Berhinger 1202 (anyone see a similarity here), this is basically the same as the Mackie mixer but slightly smaller, recieved it, hooked it up and it worked perfect, few minor adjustements and sounded as good as the Mackie, perhaps better, plus it took up less space on my desk. Only weird thing about this unit and it has been mentioned before is no ON & OFF switch, why?....problem solved by using a power strip and using the power strip to power the unit on and off, the only other way to power it on & off is by unplugging it from the back to turn it on, and plugging it back in to turn it on, using the power strip to avoid much wear and tear on the power source connector, this was really stupid of Behringer, never ever had any kind of mixer without a power on & off button. All in all for the price, I should not complain much, will pick up another for my daughters studio as it is that good.
