This is one beefy string winder.  There is really no comparison between this professional tool and those cheesy $2 toy string winders you find 100 to a bin at the accessories counter of your nameless local guitar superstore.Pros:- VERY sturdy- Rotates extremely smoothly- Well balanced- Fits every guitar tuning key I've tried- High-impact plastic body should withstand years (decades?) of abuse- Clandestine compartment in handle was a nice bonus -- for earplugs, extra end pins, whateverCons:- None whatsoever.Buy this immediately and save your wrists for more lucrative pursuits.
I am a bass player and most winders don't work very well with the large tuning keys.  This one works better than anyone I have tried.  None of them work as good as I would like.  Once you learn to loosen up on your grip you will get better results.
This product does what it is designed to do, very very well. It is not used very often but when it is, it works beautifully.
I use it to wind my strings! I recommend for the use of stringing up your guitar easily and fast. Very easy to use!
This is a great winder. Steel shaft will probably last.One of these should come standard issue with every guitar.
Unquestionably a top-of-the-line manual string winder, but still the user must careful not to scratch a guitar's headstock.  On some tuners this might work great, but on various of mine, still sloppy.  For now I'll stick with good old fashioned fingers and thumb.
It is sturdy, well made, feels hefty in your hands, with an extremely smooth action - everything the Shubb winder is not.Well, it is made in China, while the Shubb is made in USA. But what is the point if it is so much inferior?I think it proves that it is not about where it is made but how it is designed and manufactured.
What does anyone really want to know about a string winder.  Yes it will help you string your instrument quicker.  And Yes, it's still in one piece. I would buy it again.  You may even buy 2 because the same gnomes that steal pick's and capo's take these too.
There are many cheapie string winders out there, they all look pretty much the same....but they most certainly are not. This one built like a tank. with thick, solid construction. It's built for the long haul. It fits every tuning peg it's ever been fit to, has a cool little compartment built in thats perfect for extra acoustic bridge pins and extra pics, and simply is tough as nails. This is the last one you will ever need to buy.
This thing is a TANK!  I don't think you could break this beast if you wanted to!  The last string winder you will ever buy!
I have a Martin HD-28 with the large Grover tuners.  This string winder fits the tuning knobs perfectly.If you change your strings regularly, this does make it significantly easier without risking damage to tuners.For $6, these are pretty high quality and this should be the only string winder you need to buy for a long time.
