It works great on my acoustic guitars of various sizes.  It is easy to use, easy to put on, easy to adjust the tension, and lightweight.  When not in use, I keep it parked on the headstock.  The shape and ergonomics are a mix between a Kyser and a Schubb S1.  Five stars all the way.  Highly recommended.
I've been searching for the 'perfect' capo for years now and this one's come the closest so far.The capo's well made and doesn't show any manufacturing flaws at all. As delivered, the capo fits the neck of my Taylor perfectly with just the right amount of tension. Some other capos are horrible to attach and grip the neck so hard, I'm afraid it'll dent the fretboard. The Planet Waves capo has a nifty tension adjuster in case you have a different neck profile.I like that slips easily on the neck without a lot of mucking around. Nothing's worse than fumbling around or needing two hands doing something so simple.It comes with a clip to hold a pick, but it's kind of hard to slip one in, especially with some picks I use.Overall, I think this capo's a winner. It's easy to put on and take off. There's no buzzing and it stays out of my way when I'm playing. That's all I ask for :)
This capo seems to handle quite nicely.  Spring loaded trigger like a Kyser (still my personal fave) but with an added tension adjust adjustment on the spring.  In time this will probably become my favorite as there seems to be some benefit to the tensioner helping to keep the guitar in tune.  The only issue, if you could call it that, was that I have always used the Kyser's that have the non moving side of the squeeze handle above the neck as opposed to under the neck like this one - after many years of playing, muscle memory sometimes has me reaching to the wrong place when adjusting position on the fly.
I have been playing guitar for longer than I care to admit. Back in 1966 I went into the music store with my Dad and cherry picked the finest Fender Telecaster in the whole store. Back then they were all handmade, so there were variations, and by spending some time, would yield you an incredible find. So I am not a newbie to playing, or working on guitars. I didn't use this capo on my 66 because I have it apart in order to make exact vintage reproductions of the body.Today's modern guitars use medium jumbo frets. My 66 had thin frets. With the medium jumbo frets they are sufficiently high, that if you check them once fretting a note with something as accurate as the Snark SN 2 All Instrument Clip on Chromatic Tuner you will see that the note moves up one or two bars on the tuner once you fret it. (That is one or two bar above the note you are then fretting) So I must admit my quest for the perfect capo would enable me to adjust it so that the guitar doesn't go out of tune when using a capo.I compared the G7 Performance Capo the Six String Silver, with the Schubb S1 Stainless Steel Guitar Capo for Steel String Guitars, and this Planet Waves NS-Tri-action capo. Although the G7 was substantially built and looked rather impressive, I found it to be too bulky, so it kept getting in the way while trying to play chords. So I sent it back. So now it comes down to the Shubb 1 Deluxe and the Planet Waves. I went back and forth with these two tuners a whole lot of times. I would perfectly tune the guitar with the Snark and then apply the capo. I tried to discern the difference between which one of these would make the guitar go out of tune more than the other. I finally concluded that there was no difference.The Schubb S1 had the ability to be adjusted so fine that it would barely be holding on to the neck. If you set that one at its gentlest setting you could get it to be almost perfectly in tune even with the capo on, but set it that softly, and it would just about fall off the guitar. So that is the last thing that you want to happen in the middle of a performance. The Planet Waves Capo in contrast, even at the lightest setting, was still a solid grip on the neck. I also noticed that the planet waves had a wider spread across the strings and therefore was less critical of the positioning in order to get it right.The Schubb S1 is a well-made product, it has nicely finished metal components, but with its roller ball system of fastening, when you loosen it, for sure you're going to occasionally be dropping it in on the floor. You could say that requires two hands in order to remove it. The Planet Wave on the other hand is a true one-handed tool that makes it easy to remove and to put back on. I tried both of these on one of my other Fender telecasters, as well as on one of my acoustics. I got the same tuning results on all of them. I am very critical and exact so when I say that the tuning results would change when you put on the capo you must understand, that the tuner was only moving one line. Most people wouldn't even bother with that much of an adjustment but I know that there is nothing to compare to a guitar with good strings on it, and to hear the tone and the blend of those strings in perfect tune; perfect harmony rules. You know that feeling when you come to the end of a great song, and you hit your last note and finish with a full chord that is perfectly in tune; there is nothing to compare to it.The planet wave is a little bit bulkier and if I had to get critical of it I would say it does get in the way a tiny bit more than the Schubb S1; although this factor is not such a great difference, as to preclude me choosing one over the other. The way each of them mount and dismount to the guitar does make me lean more strongly to the Planet Waves.I saw other reviews that commented that one type of capo provided a better tone than another type of capo. Tried as I might I could not reproduce the differences that they spoke of. There are so many factors affecting the tone, such as after changing the capo was a guitar body leaning a little bit more one way, then it was the last time. For example was the face of the guitar a little closer to the ear range as compared to the last capo you tested that might've been projecting more from the side of the guitar. I also felt that once the capo squeezes the string down the only thing that is creating tone is the fret line between it and the bridge. So at least between these two I found no total differences.I wanted to say that if you are using medium sized jumbo frets and high action you are really bending the string in order to fret it thereby changing the pitch. I love low action with no buzzing on lighter gauge strings. I'd rather dance across the top like a ballet dancer then scrub heavy gauge strings. To each his own they say. I just consider it important to let you know that I'm conducting this experiment with 8 gauge strings on the Tele electric and 9 gauge on the acoustic. So if you're running a much heavier gauge string with lower action, you would of course have less tuning shift going on, because you could adjust the capo (and both of these have a round adjusting knob for fine-tuning) and be able to adjust it to the point where you are pressing just beyond the level of the frets and not really squeezing it all the way down on the fret board and therefore have less of a challenge in trying to keep it in tune while using a capo. (Although I doubt many are setting it that way but rather squeezing it down to the fret board instead.) Although it is possible with heavy gauge strings that you can fine tune the pressure sufficiently that it will yield a tuned instrument while under the load of the heavier gauge strings creating a strong enough grip at this finer setting so it won't slide off of the guitar like the Shubb does at its lighter setting.Of course all this is predicated upon you not re-tuning the guitar when you change the capo position. That really is the only way to create a perfectly tuned instrument and that is to do a little tweaking when you change the capo position. I'm sure most people ignore that and consider the ever so slightly out of tune instrument is something that is not objectionable and doesn't impede the overall quality of their performance. I find on the other hand, that a guitar which is perfectly in tune takes the music to a level that is not possible no matter how little or much it is out of tune.So I conclusion I find the planet waves easier-to-use and with its longer arm capable of a wider fret board, while at the same time capable of the thinner fret boards as well, as being the one that I highly recommend. Notwithstanding the Shubb places a very close second, and with its slightly smaller size, it does in fact get in the way a little less than the Planet Waves. All in all they both are the best of all the ones I've tried.
This Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo is easy to use, and features a micrometer adjustment knob to custom fit the capo to your specific guitar neck, a feature I've never seen on a capo before. It worked excellently on several guitars I tried it on (all with light/extra light guage strings), with no fret buzz or noticeable detuning after removal. The pick holder on the end of the clamp is a nice feature too.I recommend this capo without reservation.
Knowing nothing about guitars except that my husband plays one, I got this for my other half.He was very happy with it, said it was an excellent quality capo, only needing a turn of knob to do what it needs to do.  He showed me how it worked; how it gives a different sound to the guitar, depending on where you position it.I would highly recommend this to you guitar players.  My husband is pretty picky about his guitar stuff, and I can assure you he was very satisfied with this capo!Highly recommended.
Capos are not something that I shop for. I have had two for years. One is a strap type and the other is an expensive K type. It is similar to this one. Yeah...in looks only. This one blows that one away. It has adjustable tension and it fits on the neck in a different manner. It is not in the way of chords or fingering and it does not cause the strings to go sideways. This is great. I play a Tele and an acoustic Martin. It works great on both. I play professionaly and this is the best thing I've gotten in two years.
Having played guitar for 45 years, I have tried and used many, many capos. Back "in the day," it was a bar of plastic held in place by a length of elastic. It didn't work very well but it is what was available to me. Later, some technology was applied to the need for a ubiquitously necessary accessory that would hold all six strings firmly in place (and in tune) as it was placed up and down the neck of the guitar WITHOUT doing anything to damage the fret board or finish of the guitar's neck. Many 'good' capos have been made. Until now, perhaps the best options have been G7 which fails in its 'softness' that allows strings to slip, and SCHUBB which, unfortunately, 'snaps' into place in a way that can injure the neck of the instrument.This new NS TRI-ACTION capo from Planet Waves accomplishes both requirements consistently and effectively.Designed by Ned Steinberger (the "NS"), the Tri-Action works on a trigger/spring/lever mechanism that works all the way up and down the neck, fits perfectly on the first attempt, holds all six strings firmly in place and does so in a way that causes no abrupt jolt to the neck of the guitar. Both the G7s and the SCHUBBs are better known, more commonly used and more expensive. This is one of those rare instances where what you get is NOT what you pay for. D'Addario, the famous string maker that produces the Planet Waves line of guitar accessories)has done a remarkable and welcome job on these capos. Any guitar player who has gone from one to the other (capo) over time, searching for the one that really does what it is supposed to do all the time, will find this new capo from Planet Waves a welcome tool in the quest to produce clear tones and great sounds on a six-string guitar.
Oh, quick note: this capo is meant for instruments with radiused, NOT flat, necks.  That said, it works fine on a non-radiused ukulele.I've been using only Kyser capos for many years now.  They don't fall off, they don't usually pull strings sharp, but they do grip TIGHT and can damage some finishes.This capo is easy on & easy off with the pistol grip, has a correct supportive shape for the back of the neck so it won't damage finishes, and has adjustable tension.  I backed off the tension as much as possible, set it on the neck, made one adjustment and it was perfect.  Since I can adjust the tension, I have no worries about it pulling strings sharp.I only wish it was a bit shorter for Ukulele neck widths! ;-)
To my mind there are three criteria for evaluating a capo:1) It's got to hold with enough even pressure to keep all the open stringsringing clearly, especially in the face of hard picking, strumming, and string pulling.2) The design shouldn't intrude on either my thumb when it's behind the neck or peeking over the fingerboard, or the side of my index finger when I'm at the first fret playing chords or single notes.3) The design shouldn't require excessive hand pressure or too much fussiness to apply, reposition, and remove the capo (especially two-handed fussiness).The Tri-Action capo scored big on all three criteria: It held tight on a variety of acoustic and electric neck widths and profiles, from a Martin OM-1 with a wide rounded shape to a Gibson L4 archtop with a baseball bat-thick and round neck, a skinny SG, a wide and soft C-profiled Ibanez Artist, and an imitation Strat with a hard-radiused fingerboard and classic C-shaped neck.Planet Waves came up with a design that works both "over and under": I can squeeze the capo with my fingers with its back snug in my palm or flip it over and use the base of my thumb, making it effortless to position, adjust and remove.The capo's profile is comparable in size to the Keyser, but without the Keyser's protruding high angle arm neccessary to generate adequate spring tension. I've used the Keyser for years and in my opinion the Tri-Action is far easier to apply.The Tri-Action is also much less conspicuous from the front, although it's not quite as compact as the Schubb or those fancy minimalist capos some flatpickers like (I like them too but they're a little more work than I sometimes want).What's remarkable about the Tri-Action is its spring tension that's truly comfortable to apply yet produces a more than adequate string grip. The spring wire is probably 1/16" thick and I can't imagine it ever losing its tension. The adjusting screw wheel is about a quater-inch wide and textured for an easy touch.The purpose of the tension wheel is not to vary the distance between front and rear capo surfaces, as is the case with some other brands, but to vary the pressure exerted by the rear surface against the neck - and consequently the amount of pressure required to squeeze the capo. The bottom line is you can custom-fit the capo to your hand strength and avoid straining or worse - a painful palm cramp like the one I got on stage once while squeezing the Keyser.The pick holder is also nicely designed: a kind of serrated slit that lets you securely stash a pick at varying depths, equating to how easy it is to pull it out. I think my pockets serve the same purpose even more securely, but it's a nice touch.I didn't think there was a whole lot of room left for re-engineering the largely utilitarian guitar capo, but clearly a lot of thought went into Planet Waves' NS Tri-Action Capo - enough to easily knock my previous go-to capo right off its pedestal.Get one, and sit back and watch the banjo guys sweat when the fiddler calls for "Done Gone" in Bb at that next jam session.
I use a variety of guitars, from an old '50s gibson acoustic to a new nylon string acoustic. I expected the capo to work well on the narrower neck Gibson, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it worked well on the 2-inch nut width guitars as well. It has a spring-loaded clamping arm that can have the clamping strength increased or decreased, and this works well. Above the adjustable clamping device is a narrow slit to hold a guitar pick, and there's also a holder for a tuner. I use neither of these, so I have no comment on their usability. But for my use the capo is thoughtfully engineered, and is an excellent product.
For years I have used a kyser capo because I like the trigger action.  I have run into a few issues when switching between my 6 to 12 string guitar.  I haven't used it much on my electrics.  Though  I like the kyser, the planet waves tri-action is super slick.  It is extremely easy to adjust and is far easier to squeeze open.  The trigger action is like a hair trigger when compared to the kyser.  A few twist to adjust it and I can easily capo between my 6 or 12 string without any problem.  Light, easy and quick.  I am now a believer.  I'm switching to the planet tri-action.  It is definitely worth the few extra bucks.
NS (Ned Steinburger) Capo is different than your traditional Kyser style capo. I really like how it is designed, where it conforms to the neck nicely and feels more a part of the guitar than other capos I have used. It boasts minimal string bending across the frets, where it will stay in tune better up and down the neck. I tried this out and, sure enough, their claim was true. I capo'ed from the 1st fret up to the 10th (where I would actually never use it) and tuning stayed pretty much accurate. There is also a nice slot in the capo to put an extra pick in, just in case you drop the one in your hand. Overall, this is a great product and I give it a high recommendation and five stars.
I've been playing guitar and using capos for 23 years.  I've learned this...if you are a serious guitar player there are many "must-have" items you need in your arsenal.  One of them is a capo.  By clamping one on a guitar you can raise the pitch and key of the entire guitar relative to the tuning it is in.  Essentially you are changing the scale length of the entire instrument when using this device.  They are quite common, inexpensive and the basic design really hasn't changed in many years...until now.That's where this product comes in.  This capo is great because it doesn't simply rely on a loaded spring to clamp down.  It has an ingenious but simple tension adjustment knob.  The reason this matters is because, depending on the guitar, sometimes a traditional loaded spring capo imparts too much spring tension (or not enough) when clamped.  Too much clamp pressure can result in squeezing the strings out of pitch.  Not enough pressure can result in annoying buzz and dead notes.  Either one is not good.  This new capo eliminates that in an efficient, effective and economical manner.  I highly recommend.
I like this capo because it goes on quickly and there is no pulling the strings out of tune.  A bit large for one of my cases, but it still makes it in there ok.  Seems well made so I am not worried that it will break or need replacing for a long time.
While I haven't used a lot of capos in my playing, I have used 4 or 5 different types, and this is easily the best of that batch.While all capos require a certain amount of fiddling to get them to hold the strings down just right on each different guitar, this one was pretty easy to "dial in." I had very little trouble getting a position which gave good clear tones from each string without having to mess with tuning.The action of the grip and release mechanism is easy, but it delivers firm pressure to the strings. In fact, the only negative I found was that the height of the capo made it a bit difficult to fret near it on the higher strings on some chords.Overall, this is a very good capo, and I can recommend it without hesitation.
The Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo features a trigger action, which makes it easy to put on and remove, compared with any other style of capo I've ever used.  As the product description says, it has a built-in pick holder, which certainly is not necessary, but which is a feature that some users will find attractive.  If the photo on the Amazon product page looks confusing, don't worry.  What looks like a spring actually is a spring.  The spring mecahnism is adjustable, similar to the way that vise-grips work.  This capo is adaptable to guitars with various neck radius shapes, and narrow neck, standard acoustic guitars, as well as acoustics with wider necks (e.g. Godin's Seagull guitars).  The only quibble I have--and it's a minor one--is that when you get the spring mechanism set up for one guitar, you may need to adjust it when you switch instruments.  Once adjusted, though, the downward tension on the strings seems to work well with no fret buzz.
Can't say I've tried all of the capos in the world, but I've had my share of the different designs.First I had the bungee cord type, then I had the snap on type, then I had the different capos designed for acoustic, or classical or electrical.This one by far, evolved from good design.The bottom curve portions fits the neck of my guitars just perfectly. The top portion is just wide enough to cover the strings.  The spring allows for adjustment for the optimal tension.The design on this is so that every string receives the same vertical pressure down to the neck. All of the others I have tried use a spring that could pop out (one actually did) and the entire capo came apart.This one even has a pick holder built in.It is light weight, just the right size.I highly recommend this capo if you need one for acoustic guitar.
I've had my eye on a G7th capo for awhile, but this became available in the Vine program so I decided to try it.The capo was easy to pop out of the package. The design is simple and easy to understand and use. It is very lightweight and works fine on my Epiphone electric guitar. The capo also has a handy built-in pick holder.This capo certainly meets my needs, and I've removed the G7th from my wish list.
I like the adjustable tension of this capo, I don't think its as easy to put on a "Kyser" capo of this style, but once on the neck, the Planet Waves NS Tri-Action Capo moves easily, and has even pressure across the fingerboard, a result of the adjustable tension I surmise. Some day I will use the pick holder, not right away, some night when I'm feeling I need my pick held.
Over the years I've tried literally dozens of capos. While some have been better than others I've never had one I was completly happy with -string buzz, hard to place without being out of tune, too firm, not firm enough, etc. So far the Planet Waves NS Tri-Action Capo is the best one I've ever tried,at least in the short term. It's worked equally well on my acoustic & my electric. It works on my octave mandolin and, even though it's designed for 6 strings, on my Rickenbacker 12 string. Hopefully it will give years of faithful service & for the quality is reasonably priced. At this point I give it 2 thumbs up. Recommended
I have used this on my Les Paul.  It proved to be very functional.  The size is good if you want a capo that sticks out a bit.  In the past I have used the NS capo which is more compact.  This one is harder to lose because of its size.  I also appreciate the even tension across the strings.  Much better than other capos when it comes to this and is handy if you like to use custom gauge strings.
I've been playing guitar for about 7 years now, and I've always used the Kaiser capo, but since I got this planet waves one, the kaiser just gathers dust in my guitar case. Although they're both just tools to hold down the strings on a certain fret, the planet waves is much easier because it uses spring action with little effort, while I can recall the kaiser taking a lot more work to actually get it onto the guitar. Less pressure is involved, and I kind of like the fact that the rest of the capo, that isn't actually barring down the frets, is under the guitar instead of over it. The product conceals itself well to those who aren't playing the instrument and it has great use. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants the best capo out there.
[Update 2013-09-24]Star Rating downgraded from 5 to 3 because the pick holder broke (a rather thin and fragile plastic flap that helps to wedge the pick in place broke off).The Planet Waves Capo trumps myKyserin both speed and ease of use. Its triple spring action provides the leverage needed for opening or closing it with much less effort, and it's every bit as well-built as the Kyser. It also has a couple of features that the Kyser lacks:(1) Integrated Pick HolderI'm always losing my picks (God knows how many picks I've run through), so the pick holder is a very, very handy feature!(2) Tension AdjustmentWith the capo attached to myWashburnat the lowest tension, my G-string would buzz. But at the maximum tension, this capo has a stronger grip than the Kyser, which makes for a buzz-free playing experience.---The Planet Waves Capo definitely gives the Kyser a run for its money. For years, the Kyser had been my favorite capo, but having found the Planet Waves, I find myself liking it more than my Kyser. If you prefer a quick-change capo (as opposed to aShubb-style capo), the Planet Waves Capo is well worth considering.
I have been using an old elastic-bar capo for years because the last spring capo I used did not have nearly enough tension. When I first applied the Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo I thought "here we go again." There was ample tension E-G but B and E were buzzy as all get out. Not expecting much, I adjusted the tension. It took a couple of tries to get it just right, but now the capo works as if it was made specifically for my guitar... zero buzz across the board. That in and of itself, makes this capo a five in my book. Add in the facts that the release mechanism is a breeze (on and off), it looks nice (I have the black version), as well as its comparative ease on the wallet, and this capo is a rock solid five star product.This capo also has a pick holder. The feature can actually be a little awkward because of its placement in the context of the capo's overall size and shape, but it is there if you need it and it does not detract from the functionality of the capo itself.Get this capo!
The Planet Waves Capo looks like it should work a lot better than it did. I tried it on several guitars and made direct comparisons with several other Capos. I used this capo on a Gibson J40, Hummingbird and a J-200. I played it finger style and strummed with a pick. The device is very well made and really looks like the best capo I own. However, the sound left something to be desired. There was fret buzz and the notes sounded lifeless, unless  I really cranked down on the adjustment - then is was still dull, but passable. It was a little better on electrics - I tried it on a Les Paul and a Telecaster - it was OK, but not the best of the bunch. I do like the built in pick holder. To compare this I tried a G7 capo, Kaiser and Schubb. Frankly, the only one I really am happy with is the Schubb.
The adjustable tension is a great idea and the open/close lever is designed in such a way that it sits behind the guitar neck and won't get in the way of your hands (unlike the capo I had before this one).  It even comes with a handy pick holder!I could make this review longer, but what else do you really need to know?  If you have a non-classical 6 string guitar, acoustic or electric, this guy should do the trick, regardless of neck shape.  Its a very well designed capo!
I have several capos & this one really surprised me for the price. It's light-weight yet strong and the adjustable grip is great for any neck. Compared to my G7th which costs 3 times more, it is a great buy. I really like Planet Waves products. They are made well & last.
I'm a HUGE fan of the two previous NS Capos from Planet Waves. What does this add to the others?Well, functionally I think it works no better than the previous dual action capo. In other words. It's freakin' perfect.So... I'd give it 4 stars... except it gets 5... because...That little clip that holds a guitar pick is absolute genius.Full marks. You can't miss with this product.
As a musician, you wonder how accessories like a capo, which have been around for centuries, can be improved. Sure enough, the Planet Waves' Capo has a feature where you can manually adjust the tension. When a capo doesn't have enough tension, it will slide around on the neck when your hand bumps into it which will result in buzzing. Initially, the Planet Waves' Capo required me to play around with the tension and placement on my instrument which caused me some concern at first. I mean shouldn't it just immediately work? After I figured out what worked best for my instrument, the capo worked like a charm. An additional feature of the Planet Waves' Capo is that there is a clip for a pick which is handy if you don't already have an attached pick holder.I like it and recommend it for those who might move their capo around to different instruments that have varying neck dimensions.
This capo works just fine. The only downside is the same as with most capos...it requires some fine-tuning to get it work on different guitars. The only one I've found that doesn't is the Kyser...my "go to" capo for years. Because of its design, that capo adjusts to any guitar (acoustic vs. electric, thin neck vs thick, etc) easily. The only downside of that capo is that it sacrifices a tiny bit of perfect intonation for the sake of ease of use.This capo has a similar "pinch" design (spring-loaded), but doesn't adjust as easily to different guitar/neck sizes. It has a wheel that allows for it to be tightened or widened as the guitar needs. This allows for a bit more accuracy of intonation, but at the expense of ease of use. It's certainly not difficult or extremely time consuming, but it's not a capo you want to use to quickly swap in between songs.So, all said, I still prefer my Kyser. It allows for much faster changing, which for me is worth the slight offset in intonation accuracy. But this might be a better option if you're in a studio or won't ever need to use a capo for more than one song at a time (or don't plan to use it on more than one guitar in the first place).
I did some research on capos and decided to give Planet Waves a try. I previously had one of those bungie cord like capos, which was fine but it is a bit cumbersome.The other capos I looked into were Kyser and Schubb. Kyser is great because of its easy trigger grip. It's disadvantage however is that it has a lot of weighted tension on one side so it can knock your strings out of tune. The Schubb deals with this issue by having an adjustable tension spring that will adjust pressure according to the thickness of the neck. The problem with the Schubb, however, is that it can't really be manipulated with one hand and it can easily fall of the guitar.In comes the Planet Waves. It has a trigger grip so technically you can easily move it around the fretboard. However, because of the adjustable tension, you do need to adjust it when moving to a different neck thickness. It might rule out the one-handed ease but it does take care of Schubb's problem of falling off. In reality, I only found that I need to adjust the tension when switching between guitars or if I move up way up the fretboard. Between the 1st and 5th fret, I don't really need adjust. However, if for some reason I want to capo at the 7th, I do need to adjust the tension because it's too tight. In all, it's not that big a deal and it's nice to have the option to adjust the capo.In all, I'm happy. No capo is perfect. You can do partial capos with this one. Another review complained that it created buzz but all you need to do it adjust the tension.In case you aren't aware, this particular capo model only works on six string steel guitars. I have an electric guitar, a nylon and a Recording King ROS-06 with a chunky neck. Works great on the electric with the skinny neck and the ROS-06 with that chunky neck. Since the capo was built for guitars with a radius fretboard, it does not work on classical guitars (or anything with a flat fretboard). The capo will not reach across the entire fretboard and since the cap is curved, it will not apply pressure on the middle strings.It's a nice capo but it may not be what you're looking for so I recommend looking into the other two big hits in capos.
I am a long-time musician who has been through a lot of capos; some that I hope to never see again :) ... fortunately, things have changed for the better ...What serious guitar players have always needed is a capo that is smart and small, durable, quick change, one hand operation that also has the right tension to make sure there is no string buzz or detuning ... for a while, you could get quick change or tension adjusment, but not both in the same capo ... the last several years have seen manufacturers attempting to provide these key features in one acceptable capo ... now there are many choices out there at various price points and frankly, it gets confusing ...So why this particular capo?  First Planets Waves is a name I have come to trust to provide quality accessories at reasonable prices ... this NS Tri-Action Capo is built sturdy but it is very light and unobtrusive on the guitar neck ... one-hand changing is a cinch and it has a well place adjustable spring tensioner ... so far, this capo covers all the bases in a simple design as well or better than anything else I've tried for the price ...One thing I did not expect is that, because of the design and tensioning, I can use it on Tenor Guitar, Banjo and Mandolin as well ... while I prefer a smaller capo for these other instruments, in a pinch, I can just clip on the NS Tri-Action and keep playing ...I am the kind of guy that when I find something in the instrument world that works, I stick with it for years ... it is possible that this capo may become my favorite ... I just really like the look, feel and features of this smart design ... looks like Planet Waves hit the mark once more ...
This capo is easy to install and move and does not seem to pull the strings thus maintaining tune. Adjustment is easy and effective. The same company makes a tuning capo which I find handy at times.
I don't often capo my guitar.  When I do,  I need something that goes on quickly and is firm on the neck.  You can't get better than this.
