Each bx5 d2 speaker has its own amp onboard and power supply.  Want a 5 channel system - buy 5 speakers and run xlr audio to each one.  No noise or hum.  Has both trs and xlr inputs - has a knob for gain control on back.  Most importantly each speaker has an IEC connector for power to JUST that speaker.  Mine sit left and right of my mixing panel using TRS outputs which copy the XLRs - those go to my Marantz PMD 580 digital recorder w/ 32 GB of datacard memory onboard and a nice set of vu meters.  Speakers include a foam stick on bottom to prevent buzzing against hard surfaces.  There is, however, no mounting point - no captive nuts or such.You'll need to adopt a philosophy on gain.  You can crank the speaker gain to 100% and use your mixer to set the levels but ensure that your recorder gets enough signal to be in the -15 to -6 dB0 range.  It may be a tad loud - in that case you may want to set both speakers to their 12 oclock position which is 50% power approximately.You could alternately use the mixer to run near 0 dB and turn it way down on the speakers.  I like to use mine to listen to talk shows before falling asleep at night so I turn the volume way down but drive them with -6 dB0 off the mixer.Having a separate power supply and amp for each speaker makes for some great isolation.My **FIRST** nitpick is there is no grill cover on these like other maudio products have.  I will have to fabricate some protection.  My second nitpick is i owned the smaller m-audio 4" monitors where the amps were in the left speaker and the right speaker connected with twin lead speaker wire to the left i.e. not true bi amping but smaller spkrs for my mixer.  The speaker w/ 2amps died at 15 mos after buying it.  It was not the power supply as being on made the box warm, but the led surround around the vol knob would not light and you could barely hear the audio even with -3dB0 into the trs line in.  Thats a different cheaper model by maudio but i had to trash it and buy these which are much nicer!I do like this set of speakers.  From stereo to 5.1 surround they do the job with differential audio inputs.  I may get 3 more for 5 ch as i have a sub already.
SOUND QUALITY: The BX5 sounds neutral and balanced. Compared to similar sized consumer speakers, they are a bit understated and without bass bloat or exaggerated highs (i.e., teen EQ). The even keeled tonal signature is pleasing and easy to listen to for hours. It also lacks a midrange bump, and sounds a bit recessed or laid-back compared to average earbuds or home speakers. In fact the BX5 sounds similar to my Sennheiser 580HD headphones, but with less lower bass. And that's a good thing for mixing as you don't want speakers that add color and/or bumps in the frequency response.Unlike typical passive stereo speakers, the BX5 is powered with separate amplifiers for the tweeter and woofer, i.e., bi-amped. This design allows for accurate reproduction as amplifiers are optimized for each driver. The downside to this design is each speaker needs both input and power cables, so not convenient for living room use but not a problem for nearfield computer based editing.At first the BX5 struck me as underpowered for a 70 watt rating, at least with a signal directly from my Mac Pro. However, once jacked into the hotter signal from my MOTU Ultralite the true power of the BX5 was revealed. It was loud and could be painfully so if cranked.These are directional speakers and render placement of instruments in a stereo soundfield accurately as long as you sit in the sweet spot a couple feet out (your head should form a triangle with the two speakers). That diffuse room filling tone of home theatre speakers is MIA. In fact, unlike most speakers, there is little rearwards projection. Perfect for not bothering family or neighbors but bad for parties. So don't buy these for standard stereo or home theatre use.I mainly mix classical and acoustic guitar solo and ensemble recordings, live and multitrack, so the bass range is perfect for me. The bass extends down to a clear 60Hz, so plenty ump for drop-D and drop-C tuning. If you mix bass guitar and kick drum you'll want larger speakers (BX8) or a sub but these are great for guitar.I'm used to mixing with neutral speakers and headphones but it would be nice if you could adjust bass, mid and highs for different room responses and taste. Oddly, the PDF instructions show EQ switches for the prior version of this model but they are missing from my speakers. I assume they were omitted as a cost cutting measure.RFI RESISTANCE: I'm an inner city dweller and live in a high RFI area. Cheap audio gear acts like a radio receiver and injects a local classic rock station into my mixes. So one of the major selling points for me was M-Audio's claim of RFI shielding. Luckily that was no mere marketing jive. They really are well shielded against RFI. Not a single wayward drum loop or DJ in my tracks, not even when cranked. I can't make that claim for prior speakers I've owned.HEAT: These speakers run on the warm side: the upper back is fairly warm just idling and can get hot to the touch after a long session. Not egg frying hot but a wee bit uncomfortable to the fingertips. It has a sensor to shut it down in case of excessive heat. However I have not seen it shutdown even after all day editing sessions. I live in the balmy tropics so cold weather dwellers may not see as much heat build up. Not a deal breaker but it's wise to turn them off when not in use (I use a power strip so I don't have to flip two separate switches).CONSTRUCTION: These are handsome units in a blend in your your gear sort of way: the black finish matches perfectly with my black trimmed Cinema Display and MOTU Ultralite. Construction appears very good with dense particle board (MDF) cabs, metal back plate (heat sink benefit) and matching plastic front molding around the drivers. The cabs are covered with a satin black vinyl. These monitors are petite and smaller than most speakers with the same sized bass driver.The bass drivers are Kevlar with rubber surrounds (tougher than foam!) and the tweeters sport silk domes. No protective grill or covers as usual for mixing monitors. So the nekid drivers can be easily damaged by a careless finger or chopstick.CONNECTIONS: Like most studio monitors, the BX5 comes with pro audio style jacks for 1/4 inch phone plug/TRS and XLR. If you're a novice recordist or a civilian buying these for general computer use, be forewarned there are no stereo mini jacks, RCA or USB. So you will need to pay extra for a set of special cables and adapters. If you're an experienced recordist, you should have plenty of these cables laying around but, otherwise, be prepared to reach for your wallet.One of the things I like about the BX5 is both the TRS and XLR connections are active at the same time, allowing the monitors to receive signals from two different sources without messing with cables or switches. I have an Audioengine D1 DAC connected to the TRS/phone input (for iTunes, movies, games, etc.) while a MOTU Ultralite (for mixing & tracking) is plugged into the XLR connection.LAST BLURB: Yes, the small Focal speakers I listened to were better sounding and louder than the BX5 but cost a couple toes and a month of lunches. However, a perfect monitor for a home studio isn't only about a good neutral sound, but also about compactness, appearance and value. And the BX5 nails all of these while still sounding pretty dad burn fine.
Arrived fast, had them up and running in minutes.  It was easy to adjust my EQ on my laptop to produce awesome listening music, just beautiful, clear, nicely separated sound.  I wouldn't use these for high volume stuff, the sound is almost delicate, and very precise in its separation.  The classical musician's in our guild loved the sound, that should tell you something.  Stunning, really.  They are, in fact, exactly what they are advertised to be - top notch small room project studio monitors.  I readjusted my EQ for the needed flat response for sound engineering and I was extremely pleased with the results.  The sound you can get out of these is so varied that we needed to give our hearing time to adjust, as the flat studio mixing EQ sounded horrible at first, as it should!  I have been in and out of studios for 30 years and I can say, used appropriately, these are excellent near-field mixing monitors.  Take time to review the set up data from M-Audio, its good stuff, and don't ask these little beauties to be everything, just let them be what they were made to be . . . and enjoy!  We ended up re-mixing half a dozen acoustical songs off a recent project with these via Cubase 7 and the general consensus is that the mixes improved by 30%.
These dual amplified speaker cabinets are something new for me, as I am used to the normal dual cabinet, one amplified set up like the Behringer MS16 which I was trying to replace with these, but on second thought will set them up someplace else, as they do not have front controls, have only one trs or XLR connection point, require AC power for both, and as P Frary has stated are VERY dependent on input; they kind of worked with my Stanton S300, and not at all with my laptop.They are (as stated by other reviewers) very subtle, and may take some getting used to. Because of the dual amps, you don't hear the sound travel from cabinet to cabinet, as each speaker cabinet is a stand alone unit.I actually hooked one up like a guitar amp, and it worked fine; just a little guitar amp that sounded great.For your normal Stereo mini jack and RCA hook ups, I would go with the much lower priced MS16's which have multiple RCA jack in points, and one Stereo mini and full front controls.Addendum: 10/13I finally hit a home run with these speaker when I hooked them up to Sony CD changer unit I have for the living room, dialed in the speakers, and put them both on one on/off switch.  The soundis full, and fills the room.
I'm used to the old 70's and 80's speakers that I've had on my stereo since that time.  I read the reviews about what people said about hearing things they never had before.  I was blown away.  They are all correct, get them setup right and hear all the things your music has been missing (I listen all the time with different headphones, not the same!).  The way the music was separated so well, I swear it sounded like the vocals were coming from right in front of me and the guitars were on each side of the vocals.  I had to dig up all kinds of music to test them out.  I don't know what kind of bass people are wanting out of these but when I use them to watch movies, listen to music, etc... They have lots of punch, even when I play my guitar through them (POD HD PRO).
As the reviews herein have indicated, there is a wide variety of uses for studio monitor like the M-Audio BX5.  With the proper cables, you can hook up everything from an iPad, to a home computer, to a musical instrument or stereo.  I will preface this review by saying that I am no &#34;audiophile&#34;.  I have a basic understanding of speaker and musical equipment, but my primary goal here was to find a small speaker that I could use to monitor guitar playing through either a preamp pedal or iPad modeling software.With those goals in mind, I was pleasantly surprised how good the BX5 sounded.  The goal of any &#34;studio monitor&#34; is to convey as much of the true sound of the source material as possible without coloring the tone with additional equalization.  There are some monitors in a comparable price range like the Rokkit 5 and options from Mackie and JBL - I have not tried those out.  But the BX5 performs we well or better than I hoped.For guitar playing, I use it in close proximity on a desktop.  I found that it had a surprising amount of low end punch for a 5&#34; woofer, given that my Fender tube amp has a speaker twice the size!  The bass is tight and articulate, which is what you want.  Again, if your goal is just to drown out the sound with additional base, go get a pair of Beats headphones or hook up a dozen subwoofers to it.  That wasn't really my goal.  But all that aside, having enough low end was important to me, and the BX5 delivers.  Using modeling of &#34;Fender&#34; and &#34;Vox&#34; type amplifiers, it also handled the high end &#34;chime&#34; well without sounding &#34;tinny&#34;.I should note that I got an XLR (microphone) cable that converts to TRS on the other side.  I had heard/read that this was the best way to get a guitar signal into the thing, though there are likely adapters and other cables you could use to accomplish the same thing.  There are both XLR and TRS inputs on the back.  The monitor is powered, so there's a power cable, as well.  There is a volume knob, but no independent bass/treble adjustment, as on other monitors.  So if you want that, look elsewhere, but if the monitor is actually relaying most of source tone, you shouldn't be using it anyway.  Really enjoying my BX5 so far, wish I had the budget/space for a 2nd one!
