I purchased several of thes Fender Mini stands because I don't have a lot of sapce for my guitars and I fold these up and stick them in my closet when need  I don't need them.For approx. ten bucks you can't go wrong. They work as well as bulkier more expensive stands
I have owned two of these stands. The first one was rendered unusable after the set screw disappeared. The second one must have walked off on its own while I was moving to a new place. Not the greatest stands by any means, but for what they're worth, I didn't mind spending another $10 to get one. Sure there are other stands of much higher quality that are even more compact and portable. But price, ability to collapse, and it's light weight made it the one I bought... again.
It is not the size for mini guitar. May be for the big one...Connections are shaky. You will surely notice that the quality is toooo low.
Total flimsy junk. It leans WAYYY too far back. I'll be damned if I put my $1000 guitars on these things. On the other hand, ChromaCast makes one that's very close to this price, and I doubt that it could have been more for the money I paid.In summary... DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK.
Excellent compact guitar stand. Folds so small that it easily fits in guitar case or gear bag. Not as stable as some stands but for the size and price, can't be beat. Thanks to Amazon for offering such a good product.
I love these little guitar stands. They are small enough to go anywhere with you, and they are cheap enough that you can keep a couple of them around. Which is good if you are as clumsy as I am.The last two of these that I have owned met untimely deaths. The first was on stage and since it is so small I tripped over it on the back of the stage. The second one I tripped over and ended up falling off of the stage. I know, I know... but they really are cool little stands, and I just bought another one lol. I am a glutton for punishment!
This stand is designed to work on electric guitars, not acoustic or acoustic/electric guitars.  The arms that support the guitar are short and not adequate for acoustic guitars.  This is however perfect for my LP and SG guitars.  I love its size and portability.
...for something, but not a guitar.  Wasn't sure what to do with it so I now use it to mount a large cookbook, or notepad computer, so I can follow a recipe.  It seems to work okay for that.  Just don't use this for guitars.  An electric guitar will slide out and fall because it leans back too far, and the arms have no grip.  This thing was obviously created by a monkey in some closed door creative testing experimental project.  It may even give you AIDS!  But probably not.  However, animals could have been harmed in the making.  But most likely, and in reality, it will not hold your guitar in a safe manner.
I needed a small, collapsible stand which would fit in my backpack with my little amp cables and stuff. This is perfect, love it.
Fender came up with a fine electric guitar holder - one of two new models, the other for acoustic guitars. Well built, reliable, folds up, takes little room to care around. Ideal for gigs as well as studio and home. Solid performer. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
I needed some little, easy, and portable guitar stands for the stage.  This does it perfectly, well.  While being light and portable.
This stand seems to be made especially with the Fender Stratocaster in mind and might also be a perfect fit for other Fender guitars.  On my Les Paul the cable plug on the guitar is exactly where the bottom holder bar is.  If I adjust the guitar so the plug is not on the bar, the guitar sits at an angle where the guitar might tip over on it's side.Needless to say I will use this stand for my Stratocaster but I am purchasing a different model for the Les Paul.
The fender mini electric guitar stand is not made for the fender / Squire mini guitar. the guitar falls through. I will have to buy a differant stand for him, rendering this one useless. The fender stand for standard guitars will not work on the 3/4 size ether.
I've bought a half dozen of these to keep in all my cases or gig bags. Sturdy, stable and reliable. Not a big fan of Fender accessories, but they got this one right.
I have two of these stands, the electric guitar/bass version and the acoustic version. Back to buy a second electric guitar version as a spare or to keep in my guitar case. Yes -- folded up it WILL fit in my tweed Fender electric guitar case alongside the neck of the guitar (I DO always keep it IN the included stand bag to ensure I don't scratch or bump it against my guitar). Great at this price too, buy several!
