Have a couple guitars and a bass hooked in at the same time.  Attaches to my audio interface.  No cable switching.  Didn't need the sophistication of other mixers costing 5x as much.  Fast convenient way to switch guitars while recording.
1 Digital Drumset, 1 Electronic guitar, 1 microphone (non XLR), and a Keyboard.  I got the Brady Bunch Musical here.  This mixer works great. No complaints, just works!  All connections are 1/4" mono.
I have a bunch of instruments (synths, back up recordings, ...) plugged straight into my bass amp for home recording/practice.. Having this one helps reducing the amount of cabling hanging everywhere. It works fine. It is lightweight and feels sturdy.Only drawback: I tried getting straight into it with my musicman active bass, and the preamps saturated in low frequencies. Input has to be kept within a small range.
this is what i'm talking about: cheap but very usual form behringer. very handy too. but i hope then would run on batteries next time.
I put two pickups in my resonator guitar, a magnetic and a transducer.  This is the IMD--improvised musical device--solution to using both pickups without building a little box with two volume controls.  I plug two cords into the mixer, one from each pickup, and blend and balance the two pickups.  It works.  It cost a a little more than buying the parts to build something like an electric guitar wiring setup but it works out of the box so the labor cost is almost zero.  Bonus, it's an active device so it can boost the signal.  Only con is that it runs on 12 V and doesn't have a battery option.  I can live with that.
I have a pretty weird pedalboard set-up involving an EHX digital Memory Man looped back into itself and another split earlier in the pedal chain.  This does a great job of summing three outputs back into one signal before I go into a reverb pedal and then out to my amp.  Takes a little while to dial in exactly where the knobs should be, and they get very loud at the top end, but I have noticed no issues with sound with each knob at around 4.5/10.  I tested to see if I could tell any difference in noise due to this pedal but found none.
I use this with my small mobile DJ setup mostly for microphone inputs when using my small mixer. Simple to use, works great, no hum or buzz at all.
These are amazing little inexpensive mixers. If you need to sum together some signals this can get the job done.We have two of these in our vocal effects rack summing our effects from six feeds (three per mixer) down to two outputs (one per mixer), the mixers feed direct boxes which go back to the front of house console, this lets us have the effects on stage so the performers can control them and send the signal back to the console for adding into the main mix. We have no noise problems at all with these mixers and they really solved a problem for me, I needed tiny flexible mixers I could preset and fit inside the rack out of the way, not only were these extremely inexpensive they work great.Good luck and good music to all
This liitle box works great for my needs. I am using three guitars on stage (When possible/room permitting.)and use this mixer to combine all three into one output to my amp. This way I can leave all three guitars plugged in and not have to take time between songs changing cords and such. It also solves a second problem: since the pick ups on each guitar have a different outputs (Fender single coils, Ibanez acoustic with Fishman piezo and Les Paul Gibson Humbuckers), I now have volume controls that make the overall volumes match. This is perfect for that. Inexpensive unit that is made of brushed aluminum and is quiet and adds a little boost to the signal that I velcro to my small pedal board..I'm glad someone else mentioned the A/C plug on theirs being European standard and not 110 volt US standard. Don't be surprised if it happens to you. I bought one and had the same experience. I got mine from Musicians Friend. They offered to have me return it but I chose to keep it since I had a 12 volt power supply available from an older unit I long since stopped using. No stars deducted since it was not the manufacturers fault that my supplier didn't check their inventory to make sure it was US standard.
I needed a way to boost the input of a wired lapel microphone coming from the preacher directly into my powered speakers.  Works great!
