Looked like the chrome was cheesey and they ended up breaking but they worked while they were used in a guitar with the proper pinhole next to the screw position
Another easy modification for my Indonesian Telecaster Squier. Better looks and function. Tuning is easier and holds longer than with stock sheet metal guides.
I am upgrading my Chinese Fender Strat with American Hardware.  I own an American Strat too and plan on making the best of the Chinese one.  Going to upgrade electronics and everything else too.These are exactly what's on my American Strat5 stars
Had the old stamped one and was upgrading all the chrome some I put one of these on.  They work perfect and look good.  You get 2 in package (with screws) so I have a spare.Update I only had one on E/B but went ahead and added one for G/D.  Works and look great!!!  google "stratocaster string tree placement" if you are unsure of where and how to install.
These Fender string guides are replacing the old style string guide(tree). Installed on a Tele I built. Much less surface of the string touching. Very smooth action when using the vibrato. Took no more than 10 minutes to install.. Reasonably priced, super upgrade. I recommend this product to anyone with string guides on their guitar. These look like rollers, but are not rollers. They do work well. and I will purchase more for other Tele's and StratsPros: Well made  Cons; None I can think ofSleek, well designedQuick installImproved soundInexpensive upgrade
They upgraded my 72 Tele Deluxe, they fit perfectly yet you have to push really hard on the finish at the headstock for it to go in without opening any holes on the wood.
All the parts I buy an Amazon  have  been checks out before I buy them and they  have been compared with other companies, and I found these parts are the best price and quality compared to other outlets I repair and rebuild guitars as a hobby and I am satisfied with these parts johnJ .
Used on an old tiesco 3/4 size guitar i refurbished for one of my grandsons. Guitar tuned easy and holds tune well. He plays it for hours at a time
Not a drop in replacment for many Fenders. I installed these on a Fender Marauder and needed to drill holes in the head stock. You can't see it really well in the picture but there is a metal plug on the bottom next to the screw hole that needs a hole to fit into.I sweat some bullets and used the smallest drill bit I own, and stuck a piece of tape 1mm from the tip so I wouldn't drill too deep. It is important to make the hole STRAIGHT in line from the screw hole so they don't go on crooked. I also had to drill the screw holes about 2mm deeper because the screws that come with this go deeper into the headstock.Now that they're installed I can attest that the guitar holds it's tune better and it's easier to tune. Before it would not respond for many pegs until twisted too far then it would suddenly break lose and be too sharp/flat. That happens far less now.
definitely recommend these over any other string trees. I used both, one for DG and BE, required some minor drilling so I had a guitar tech do it for me just to be safe...
I'm using the guides to replace factory guides on my Strat and Tele. They will require that I drill a shallow hole to seat the guide properly. I hate drilling holes in guitars but it has to be done.  The quality of these guides is not what I expected. They are cast and plated and have some rough edges to them. If you want a very clean looking finish I would look for a higher quality guide. At this point I'm not even sure that I will use them.
Meh, these things are what they are. They didn't solve any problems or make anything better.  Oh well, sometimes you just gotta do stuff for no reason.
People complain that these aren't really rolling string trees, despite the fact that the description *never* says or even implies they are, in fact, "rolling" string trees.  Honestly, they don't need to be, at least for most guitars.  These small, round guides are superior to the flat, wider styles of most string trees because they have way less actual contact with the strings.  Less contact means less friction, less friction means greater tuning stability since your strings don't have as much chance to get caught up on anything when they move.I put them on a cheap Telecaster copy I have and noticed the results immediately, and I did not replace either the tuners or the nut, those are still the cheap stock parts.If you have a whammy bar and you bend a lot, rollers might be a little better, but for five bucks this is an easy upgrade (anyone can change them, all you need is a screwdriver), it was a no brainer for my Telecaster.
A great, clean look for the otherwise ugly string guide clamps. The guides on these are not rollers, but are the next best thing visually and performance wise in my opinon.  The only guides that I like better are the round 50's guides for Tele's, but then I like those asthetically only on Tele's.  An inexpensive mode that looks and works great.  To the inexperienced eye this simple, clean looking mod can make a Mexican or Chinese instrument look more like the made in America models.
I had a hard time lineing them up to install .the little knob on them made it very hard to install.so good luck ..
These work much better than standard stamped trees. No problem with Ernie Ball strings going out of tune quickly.I did notice in Guitar Center, some of those spendy &#34;American Strats&#34; have the cheap stamped out trees, and non-locking tuners.
If you are replacing your old butterfly trees, you can use the same holesclip and sand off the alignment pins, as they are not really needed, and justadd another hole to your headstock.Good trees for the price.
Arrived quick. These are good replacements or upgrades. Work much better then the other style of string trees.  I would recommend this.
String trees are a great inexpensive way to upgrade your standard tele or strat with accessories found on more expensive or custom shop instruments. Just remember you will have to drill for the guide posts.
I put this in my Fender MIM Stratocaster. I want to change that &#34;poor&#34; string guides that came in MIM by the American Series string guide. So nice...
Mounted and this looks like a solid product. I was working on a new replacement neck and had no mounting holes. I just looked at pics on the net and got them close. I like them.
These trees came in Fender packaging and fit just as the old ones did and look the same. They have the same locating pin in front of the screw and are the finishing touch in refurbishing my guitar.
The lil suckers are all about tuning  stability. Those other style string guides just aren't the same because the string binds too much. Gave them 4 stars because I don 't like the little nibs in the underside. I filed them off.
