I like this pedal.  Its rugged and has a great range of tonal capabilities and rips for hardcore metal.  That being said, the blue LED while cool looking is actually blinding and I found myself placing a finger over it to just see the friggin' knobs for adjustments.  I guess that is a pretty weak complaint but IMO it's an impediment more than an enhancement.  Also the Gate and Scoop buttons feels pretty flimsy to me... which is not expected at this price point.  A moot point because I am not using the Gate at least as IMO it was &#34;weird&#34; in its Gating execution, sounded kind of like a very rough algorithm is being used instead of a nice smooth curve.  But all in all this thing tears it up in terms of pure shredding tone.
BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: The MXR Fullbore Metal is a high-octane distortion suitable for modern metal music. It's 3-band EQ with adjustable Midrange Q gives the MXR FM the ability to model virtually every other distortion out there.WHAT I LIKE about the pedal is that it's small, easy to operate, and doesn't take much time to dial in the tone you want. I play with a Marshall JCM2000 DSL50 going into a 1960A 4x12 using a Les Paul Standard, and it sounds amazing. I love the onboard Marshall JCM-flavored tube distortion, but it is more in line with the New Wave Of British Heavy Metal (obviously), and not entirely suitable for modern American metalcore. The MXR Fullbore Metal gets me to where I need to go. This is nice because I can use my amp to have a good clean and overdrive channel, and then tap the Fullbore when I need to play metal.WHAT I DISLIKE is that this pedal generates a lot of white noise, so you have to be careful with the Treble and Mid-Q knobs. However I also noticed that the amount of white noise also depended on my amp's EQ settings as well, so know in advance you'll need to spend a good 15-minutes doing a proper setup for recording purposes.WHAT ABOUT THE EH METAL MUFF? I owned a Metal Muff for years, and this pedal totally blows it away. The big &#34;selling point&#34; about the MM is that it has a Top Boost. Big deal. I wrote a review for the MM on Amazon, but in summary, the Top Boost makes everything sound weird and unmusical. Comparing the Top Boost to the Noise Gate in terms of the big &#34;selling point&#34;, the Fullbore's Noise Gate (which has adjustable sensitivity) to me seems like a MUCH better feature when thinking about how tight you want your rhythm guitar or leads to sound.WHAT ABOUT THE BOSS ME-70? I currently own an ME-70, and being totally honest - I think the negative peer pressure and crap guitarist's give each other about multi-effects is because in their mind they think an old-fashioned pedalboard with a thousand bucks worth of pedals is &#34;real&#34; whereas multi-effects pedals are &#34;fake&#34;. This might be true to some extent, but modern digital modeling is getting so close to vintage analog signal chains... that at some point the trade-off does indeed make sense. (FYI: Dave Mustaine uses a DigiTech GSP1101 as part of his live rig). #endrant. Anyway, the Boss ME-70 has only a few settings useful onstage, but not so much for recording since in the end, they do sound a tad digital, and the ME-70 compresses your signal. The MXR Fullbore does not compress, and sounds analog, so it wins.FOR RECORDING PURPOSES? I bought this pedal because I wanted a dedicated metal distortion to use for my Metal EP I'm self-recording. In conjunction with an ADA GCS-3, I created an all-analog signal chain for direct interface that sounds amazing. Check out the ADA GCS-3 if you can. It's an amazing speaker simulator, and it can take any pedal you throw at it and convert it into a beautifully sounding emulation as if the pedal itself was it's own 1x12 combo amplifier. Anyway, through the GCS-3, the Fullbore basically sounds like a Mesa-Boogie.WHY ONLY 4 STARS? The Fullbore isn't for everybody, it isn't for every guitar, or every amp, but by itself, it's really friggin good. I suppose if it had a 10-band EQ and a 12AX7 preamp circuit, it would be &#34;the best metal pedal&#34;, but for a small piece of gear, it's probably the best analog distortion on the market.
This pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. I would personally recommend the Electro-Harmonix Metal Muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price.
Tis pedal really did for me what I wanted which was kick my little combo in the butt. Hard rock and heavy metal, classic metal is where it shines. I don't mess with the noise gate so I can't really comment on that. but everything else is first rate
good tone but dicey controls. Like the features especially the noise gate but do not use the scoop very much.
This peddle works great! I looked at many products for, just the right distortion and this one just topped them all. So glad I went with the M116
Best distortion i ever used. It took me a while but i finally got that Preriphery / Protest The Hero Tone with this Plus my overdrive
A lot of people like the Metal Muff over this and say you can dial in more distortion sounds. Well I have both. The Muff is good for various tones, but the MXR gives you that all out full metal tone. Having the built in gate is also nice and it works! The Muff is a lot more noisy. But I like em both. I just use them for different tones. If you want that full out metal tone, get this, trust me ;)
