Summary for those who don't want to read the whole thing: This is more than worth the money. If you're a beginner looking for a first guitar or if you're experienced and are searching for a backup/travel option or anything like that, get this. Do not hesitate. A cheap guitar doesn't ALWAYS mean a POS!Alright, full story/review:So, when I was a kid up until my early teens my (insanely talented and self-taught) older brother helped me learn how to play guitar. I got pretty decent but somewhere along the way I stopped and I've regretted it basically every day ever since then. Recently, I decided to stop internally griping about it and realized I should actually DO something about it. So, here I am.Having previously lived in a house with multiple guitarists, I have heard the sounds of expensive guitars and I have heard the sounds of the cheapest guitars (like a typical beginner's First Act). I knew there was a middle ground and I was determined to find it. I got way more than I bargained for.I began my quest knowing that my funds were limited. There was no way I could afford to dive right in and buy a high end, top of the line Fender or Martin like I had had the benefit of learning on back in the day. I knew I had to go cheap, at least for now. I began scouring the internet in search of the best rated budget guitars. After an exhaustive amount of research, I chose this one due to the positive reviews and because all of the demos I'd pulled up on YouTube were excellent. Plus, Epiphone has a pretty good reputation in general.Despite the positive reviews, I was still a bit leery; buying instruments without actually handling them first is always a bit of a gamble. Even if it sounds nice and plays well, sometimes a perfectly solid, functional instrument just doesn't FEEL right. As I went through the checkout I silently reminded myself that I could send it back for any reason. I went into this fully knowing that there was a good possibility I'd just have to bite the bullet and buy something better, even if costlier.Well, it arrived earlier this week and I am not disappointed. I certainly didn't expect perfection and I was convinced that I would find some kind of error, if only cosmetic, with such a cheap guitar. I am here to tell you that I have not found anything wrong with it. Even if I had (unless it drastically affected the sound/playability of the instrument), it would still be worth the price.Along with the guitar I bought some new strings (Martins) because 9/10 times the stock strings that come on instruments are awful. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the stock strings are more than usable. I see that some of the other reviewers disagree. Maybe their strings were older or maybe it's just preference, I don't know. All I can say is that the stock strings on my guitar were not at all corroded/old. Shockingly enough, the guitar was pretty close to being in tune right out of the box! It doesn't seem to have any trouble staying in tune, either. All of that being said, it wouldn't hurt to pick up a pack of strings just to be safe. I mean, I'm sure that when I do finally put the Martins on I'll be even more mind-blown than I already am with the way it sounds.This guitar has a full, rich sound, plays comfortably (the low action helps!), and has zero issues with buzzing or dead frets. Oh, and contrary to what other reviews have said - YES, it DOES have a truss rod. While we're talking about its positives, let's not ignore the fact that it's also super attractive with its shiny black finish. There isn't much about it that would give away its price. No, it's not a $1000 guitar but it certainly doesn't play like a $100 guitar either! I don't regret this purchase at all. Even in the future when I progress and upgrade I will definitely be keeping this lovely gem!If you're still unsure, do what I did and listen to some demos on YouTube. I doubt you'll be disappointed. (Pay no mind to the reviews the guy on the GearWire YouTube channel did. He clearly doesn't know what he's talking about and I, as well as everyone else in the comments section, was sure to express my feelings about that, haha! One user even claimed Epiphone should sue him!) Check out the video reviews by the users/companies GoldHat3, SamAshMusic, GigGear, and ShadowFW.My only complaint about this guitar is that I didn't buy it sooner!Good luck on your search, I hope this review has helped!
First off; let me start by saying I bought this guitar because it was only $100 and I was board on my deployment and wanted something to brush up on before I return home.I DID NOT: expect good quality, sound or comfortably from this guitar.I DID: want something cheap I could toss around and use out here in the desert without worrying about it getting beaten up or trashed.When I unboxed this guitar I was floored! The hardware is much higher quality than I had expected by far. The strings it came with weren't complete crap, but I swapped them out for my favorite set of strings: Ernie Ball 2406 Ernesto Palla Nylon Black and Silver Classical strings. The guitar sings beautifully; the tone is rich and vibrant.It's quite comfortable to play, I have no problems playing up to the 16th fret without this guitar having a cut away. I'm not a big fan of the pick guard that has the Epiphone 'E' on it, so I will probably end up removing it; but the sunburst is really nice looking. I have received many compliments on the look of it already.OVER ALL: this guitar is a really great instrument for the price tag. GET IT!Also; I'm buying a hard case to take it home, or shipping this guitar back home to myself because I want to keep it as part of my collection. My original thought was to buy this guitar and leave it out here at the Rec tent for other people to use after I'm gone. Even if I do decide to leave it out here; I'll be buying another one when I get home!
This is NOT my first guitar. Nor am I breathless Epiphone supporter shouting how this guitar is the sonic equal of Taylors and Martins. It's not. Here's what it is: An exceedingly well-constucted, AMAZINGLY playable guitar. Fit, finish, feel and action were all VERY nice... Sound on the other hand? Let's face it. It's plywood all around. It SOUNDS like plywood. But that doesn't distract from the fact that it's a great guitar for $100 bucks.It's a fine &#34;first&#34; guitar. It's a great beach/camping/cabin guitar. Leave it in your car to practice at lunch. Leave it in the office. ANY guitar is better than no guitar... And this guitar is better than a LOT of other entry level guitars.Seriously consider changing strings the second you take it out of the box... New, premium strings DO make a difference.If your expectations are for a playable, rugged, affordable guitar you won't be disappointed. If sound quality is your primary concern, well... You are going to have to spend more than a hundred bucks to be happy.For my desired application, this guitar was great... I'm very happy with it and would buy it again in a heartbeat.
It is my son's first guitar and he is learning on it well.  It is still in great condition. good quality Guitar!
this thing plays great!!  action is low but does not buzz, very easy to chord.i highly recomend this guitar.
Well constructed with quality woods, saddle/nut and bracing. Neck and frets are straight, level and do not snag. This guitar rings like a bell, stays in tune and is light weight. Do not let the low price fool you but do not expect the guitar to come set up to your tastes. Any guitar that you buy will need to be adjusted to your style of play. The strings may be too high or too light or whatever, just be ready to do a tiny bit of work to get it like you want it then it will serve you well. Do not buy a Luna, Davidson, Main Street, or any other 'no name' - get this one.
