Classic design.  I remember these from 35 years ago in high school band.  They haven't changed much, don't fix it if it's not broken.
My son uses this for practicing at home with his electric bass (Jazz Band) and his standup bass (Chamber Orchestra). It is solid, yet flexible in height and angle. Assembly was a breeze. This is the classic music stand in schools and is also excellent for home use. Built like a tank. Should last forever and can be passed down to the next generation of musicians in the family.
This is a heavier duty and higher quality music stand than most. It will accommodate my big notebooks of fake sheets, which I love. Some people have complained about plastic hinges being fragile, but they are fine if you don't use excessive muscle.
It's survived my clumsiness and I can load it with 4 pounds of guitar books without it breaking a sweat.
The M48 is well built, sturdy and well balanced enough that I have no concerns about tipping, even when it is loaded with several music books and a folder of sheet music. The tray is wide with an appropriately sized lip, and is moveable up and down with a moderate effort. Once in place it stays there with no slipping. For all of the solid construction it does not feel heavy and it is easy to move around, although it would be a little awkward to transport it in a small car.This is one of those purchases where there are a number of alternatives, and I always have some concern that it will not be what I want when I get it... in this case it is a winner. Delivered when promised in good condition and appropriately packed.
This is the one you want.  It's a timeless classic, built like a tank, worth every penny.  An investment in your musical future!
Made in the U.S.A. was a great thing to see. Nothing but Chinese CRAP for sale anymore.(I'm looking at YOU N.A.F.T.A.) Sadly, not as nice as the ones I remember from high school band class.Plastic attachment clutch and EXTREMELY thin gauge metal. Who knows what REAL QUALITY would cost these days?Still, I do feel good knowing that an English speaking, tax paying U.S. citizen got to meet his house payment making these.GOD Bless the U.S.A.
