I purchased this amp locally and initially, I thought it was pretty cool as it was my first modeling amp; lots of potential for a limitless variety of sounds. This was my first Fender amp as well.The presets were neat and all, but when I played around with some of the "standard" models (just the amp model, no effects) just to see how it's clean sound was, the amp just hissed as if I had the volume cranked with a distortion pedal engaged at max. The master volume was at 2 and no effects were turned on... I've never heard a clean channel with so much noise behind it, even when there was no guitar plugged in... All I could hear while playing was the underlying hiss coming through the notes; very distracting and it drove me nuts! This isn't a ground loop issue (my other amps sound just fine at bedroom volumes and beyond), it's clearly a defect with this product. Dirty pre-sets with lots of gain and extra volume sound even worse, again, even when nothing is plugged in and at low master volume. You'd think I was running a few super high gain stomp boxes with a red hot single coil, but NOTHING was plugged in and all I get is staticy-hiss at LOW LEVELS. WTF?The next issue is the weird "fizz" sound, that was especially noticeable on the low e. After striking a string, instead of a clean note, there's a weird fizzy digital artifact like sound that "surrounds" the note, and fades as the string stops moving. It almost sounds like cymbals crashing on a poorly authored MP3 file at a low bit rate and frequency. Whole chords break down and decay in this fizzy envelope and really makes this thing unplayable.The weird thing is, neither one of these problems arose with head phones plugged in, or when this was connected to my computed via either USB or the line in... but I'm not going to be stuck playing a 100 watt amp through my PC or cans. I got the III instead of the II because of the power behind it and the touted 12" Celestion speaker.Read the many reviews online or forum posts on many of the guitar/amp related websites (there's a 65 page forum post on the Fender support site that is quite interesting) and you'll find that these amps are having issues. Apparently, the Mustang I and II don't have these issues, and the firmware update did NOTHING to correct my amp. Is this a hardware issue, software issue, speaker issue? There is speculation that the LCD screen (which is not present on the I or II) may be causing problems, but no one seems to know for sure and Fender doesn't seem to care...Definitely try this before you buy it. You may get an amp that doesn't have these problems, you may not notice the sounds or you may not even care; let your ears tell you what sounds good.This amp has a lot of potential for great sounds, and it would have been nice to have faithful modeling of some great vintage amps, but in my opinion, technical issues have made this amp sound like complete garbage. I am disappointed that Fender hasn't yet correct what ever is wrong (some folks claim that Fender reps say that know what is wrong, but I'm not taking that as a fact...), but they have acknowledged that there is "something" wrong.Whatever... I took this back after a few days of playing with it, trying to eliminate the junk sounds without success( the built-in noise gate helps a little, but sucks tone) and I picked up a 100 watt Marshall instead. Guess what? The clean channel has ZERO hum or buzz, even when cranked. How about that? Even when I engage a dirt box on one of the dirty channels, there is minimal noise.I'll knock Fender for NOT correcting this issue regardless of what it is and what caused it, but they do have some other nice amps that I'd like to try. But before I buy another Fender amp, I'll take it for a test drive and I suggest you do the same before picking up one of these turds.
***Update*** After heavy play for 6 months, this is my favorite amp by a mile. I also have a ZT Lunchbox that I use for church work (miles of clean headroom and designed specifically for pedals). The Mustang III would work just fine, but I can throw the ZT in a backpack with my pedals (I only use an OD, chorus and reverb for church) and it has a lot more volume of I do youth group stuff outside and can't mic up.I have several friends that play music as a primary source of income and 3 of them purchased the Mustang for it's overall lightweight, terrific sound and low price. Played on the clean channels (settings 88-99) with pedals will give you an amazing tone that lets you forget it's not a tube amp - and for the most part, the crowd is clueless to begin with. I did purchase the VOX AC4 and it was so one dimensional and limited it went right back. Terrific for gigs or practice, a back up or just beginning guitar.So this is the 3rd amp I've purchased in a very short amount of time. I traded in my Line 6 and also purchased a Roland Micro Cube. Chalk it up to a new guitar player and a whole world of amplifiers from every price range and style. I bought the Line 6 becuase it had a lot of features and presets that I thought would be really fun. They are, but Line 6 is for metal, despite "You can play anything on it" marketing. Turns out I really enjoy playing country and blues (although I listen to punk, classic rock and metal (pre-1995).Enter the Mustang III. It also is feature loaded, but with one kicker. The models of the vintage Fender amps. I have a very close friend that plays a 65' Twin Reverb - he was shocked at the modeling. The Bassman is another that is just off the charts good. The LCD screen is bigger and overall very simple to use. The Vox model is also really jangly sounding - like it's supposed to. I have to add that with Vox in particular, you can get the crunch without having to use massive volume. This is true of modeling amps across the board and a huge advantage over tubes in general. For $300 you can get a Vox w/ an overdrive, delay and reverb. And you can get the full effect with the volume dialed to 3, not 11. It doesn't sound exactly like a Vox - but I don't gig. I'm a basement rockstar - the Mustang gets it done without any problems.Adding virtual effect pedals and saving the settings are easy and intuitive. That's without the FUSE software. I'm not big into recording, so I'm content using it from the  LCD, but the Fuse software is slick. The virtual pedal board is probably my favorite part of the amp. The screen is easy to navigate and you can see exactly what effects you're using where they are set at.The only reason I've given it 4 stars is beacuse is lacks low end punch and more importantly doesn't quite have the warmth of a tube amp. To be clear - tube amps sound like tube amps. If you are a metal guy on a solid state budget, Line 6 is still the way to go. If you're more into the old school r'n'r sounds, take a look at the Mustang III. Excellent sounds and value.
I was really interested in the M3 and checked with the Fender forum and I found that there is a problem with the M3.  You can go to the Fender forum and read about it under the Mustang amp section.To make the long story short, some(not all) M3, M4, M5's have what is decribed as a "fizz" on the clean setting when hitting the low e string.  Sometimes it's noticably loud and sometimes it is barely audible.  Some people think it's the power supply but nobody knows for sure.  Apparently, Fender has not made a statement to its cause although they admitted that there is a 'fizz' problem.  There is also a sample sound clip there on this 'fizz'.Like I said, I just want people to know about this before buying a M3. Now, I am considering the M2 which also has the 'fizz' problem but with the the software fix released from Fender, there is no 'fizz' in the M2. I don't know if it is fair for me to give it a rating because I didn't get the M3, but if I bought it, I would give it a rating of 3 stars because I don't like this 'fizz' on the clean setting and it would be unusable for me.  If it didn't have this 'fizz' I would give it a 5 star rating.
I can't say enough good about this amp. I have a Marshall jcm 800 2203 which is a great tube amp, but side by side this little amp really stacks up. First and foremost if you want a tube amp sound go buy a tube amp. But if you want something that is 90% close, well this is it. So versatile, light weight, and well constructed. Great Fender quality for a great price. Love all the presets. I have no problem with buzzing on any channel, clean or otherwise. Excellent guitar amp and I would highly recommend!!!!!! Love it!!!!!!
I gave it five stars! I purchased this for my young son but I find myself drawn to it because of all the really great things this amp does.  I wanted something flexible and decided to buy the Mustang III over the II because of the power and the larger speaker.I've read the reviews here and they pretty much sum up what I think about the amp. It sounds great and it has loads of power.  Since it's solid-state, it falls apart a bit when pushed really hard and lacks a little at the bottom end, but for this price?!? Wow! I have no complaints.One thing most have failed to mention is the non-amp features like the input for an MP3 player and the Fuse software that comes with the amp for customizing tones, creating jam tracks and setting up the amp to suit his tastes. Both Mac and Windows are supported. My son is a newer guitarist and has used these things extensively. Since he's 11, he doesn't have many opportunities to play with others. He can create jam/click tracks and play along. We also downloaded new firmware from Fender and used the software to eliminate a fizz issue that existed in earlier versions.People who own this amp can create their own tones and tracks, then upload them to Fender's user web site. We watched a David Gilmour concert and he was inspired. He wanted a tone that sounded like his. We downloaded a few Pink Floyd tones created by other people.  One of them was particularly great. We tweaked the delay settings a bit and saved it.  He loves it.Great amp. I can't compare to Line 6 but I can compare it to other amps I've heard. It's pretty nice.  Equally nice is the fact he can experiment with tones without spending a pile of $$$ on FX.
ConstructionThis Amp certainly looks sharp. It is not nearly as heavy as I would expect a 100W amp to be, but seems well put together.ControlsThe III comes with a 2 button Foot Pedal which feels very solid and works perfectly. (You can expand to add an optional 4 button switch that Fender sells separately and also includes in the IV and V.)On the amp, you have separate EQ knobs (Treble, Mids and Low) you have a gain, a volume, a Master Volume and a Reverb. Along with these, you also have an LCD screen that tells you which amp model you are using with witch pedals, presets, delays and reverbs. You also have separate buttons for changing Amp models, reverb, delays and modulation effects. The large knob on the top actually scrolls through presets, and once you press it, you can go into deep editing of the amp models, effects and presets.The controls are intuitive and easy to use. It is a great mix of visual digital feedback as well as tactile knobs.Comparing to other amps:The Fender GDEC 3 does not have as much deep editing available on the amp itself. You need to use your computer to edit and download settings properly. But on the Mustang III, you do not feel that you are missing out on editing functionality by not keeping it plugged into a computer.I don't know of another amp that has controls that are both as intuitive and as powerful.The Sound (Most important)Let me first compare this amp to what Line 6, Vox, and Peavy have offered in the past. All of the companies that have gone heavy into the amp modeling offer endless numbers of sounds and effects... BUT... How many of those sounds are useful for guitarists who are learning and trying to create sounds based on music that has inspired them? Line 6 offers tons of sounds... most of them are what I would call "niche" sounds that are only useful when recording a weird intro, or some crazy effects laden sound. What I find with Line 6 is that their vintage tones are very digital sounding and sound over processed. They don't sound overdriven, they just sound distorted. Also, Line 6 offers oodles of sounds for progressive rock, metal, and maybe even some weird jazz fusion. These sounds are unique and interesting, but the vast majority are of no use to someone like me who is learning to play the songs that I love and looking for useful rock, blues, and metal tones.What I can say about the Mustang III is that the tones do not sound digital or overly processed. The Vintage amps have some great overdriven types of sounds. These are very passable sounds and fantastic models of the Real Thing. You can find the actual base amp models in memory banks 88-99. By playing these sounds you get a real feel of what you can do to the amps. A few of the sounds that are simply amazing to me are:'57 Champ This amp model sounds so convincingly cool just like a little 8 inch Champ. Tons of character and tone. You can get some really cool vintage type blues sounds through this amp model. Think the Jimi Blues cd. The presets that use this amp that Fender created are all really fun and sound amazing.Fender Bassman Wow! You can get some great bold rock sounds out of this amp model. It has the recognizable tone of the Bassman modeled really well. Big Bold bottom end with some singing highs.'65 Deluxe is a fantastic all purpose amp model. Throw an overdrive pedal on there and play some great classic rock/blues. Or leave it alone for a beautiful clean tone.The British Amps are all good models of Vox and Marshall type amps. They are all bold and in your face. Just play one ACDC riff into the 70's amp and you'll recognize the sound.As far as the Vintage tones go...I dare you to find anything that models vintage tones this well anywhere. If you play rock, blues, Country, hard rock or Jazz, you have so many great choices. People who play in churches will love the variety of clean tones for your lighter stuff and good overdriven rock tones for faster paced songs.What surprises me is that Fender has strongly marketed this amp for people who play heavy music. I was worried that the heavier amp models would not be nearly as good.I was wrong. The 90's stack can get nice and grungy or crunchy as you like it. I'm pretty sure that this is a Mesa Boogie type of model. This is certainly your Metallica amp.The 2000 metal is for all of your nu metal needs and can be pulled back a little to play some cool thrash sounds too.The BIG bonus for heavy guitarists in my opinion though is the SuperSonic. This amp has a lot of great character and you can make it bluesy or really make it heavy and bold to play metal, thrash or whatever. If you overdrive it with a built in pedal, you can get some great raw and heavy tones out of this. I play some metal and hard rock as well as the classic and blues stuff that I like. I personally will play all of my heavy stuff on this SuperSonic amp.The fact that you can take any of these basic amps and layer effects and pedals on them gives you absolutely infinite combinations of tones. You can have one guy who sets all 100 presets with vintage tones, and another guy who has all of the presets filled with metal and thrash. It is limitless.I would, without a doubt choose this amp over ANY modeling amp out there for practice and fun.I own a pimped out MIM Strat, and a off-the-rack Classic Vibe Strat and Tele as well as a Les Paul style guitar. They ALL sound very cool on this amp. The Classic Vibe 60's Strat really impresses me through this amp. So versatile with so many great sounds and such a high quality sound. I am really loving it!This amp can play really really loud with it's 100 Watts, but you can also play it with great tone at very low volumes. (I have 4 kids and practice at night, and this amp is perfect.)Fender Fuse and Ableton SoftwareI have to admit that I really don't feel a lot of need to dive too much deeper into sound editing than what I can do manually on the amp. However, You'll find amazing tones all over the Fender Fuse. The system is super easy to use and store on your amp. As with any open online forum, you will have to wade through tones that you don't love and aren't described well. But you will find some gems too.I have not had time to dive into the ableton recording software yet, so I will have to save that review for later.The FINAL WORDI am a Father of 4 who needs an amp that sounds great at low volumes. I like Vintage tones as much as Heavy stuff, so I like a variety of tones. I hate overprocessed guitar tones. This amp is perfect for me. Perfect. The amp models are great, and the factory installed presets are a great variety of usable sounds. It comes with a built in tuner, tap tempo effects, a two button footswitch, an effects loop, a digital interface, deep editing computer software, a headphone jack, a usb port, recording software, and moreAt $299 This amp costs less than effects pedals that friends of mine have purchased. I have a $300 strat that I love that sounds beautiful through it. After buying it, I have listed a Tube amp and several effects pedals that I have loved because I no longer will play it.There is no better modeling amp for my needs!
