..and that's a good thing. I wanted a tuner pedal that I could use under any lighting condition. My previous experience with Korg equipment made the Pitchblack a no-brainer.There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said except &#34;true bypass&#34; is nonsense. If your tone sucks when a device is not on then the problem is somewhere else, not in the effect. If you want to talk about unity gain, on the other hand, I'm all ears!
My experience with this little tuner has been perfect...It's extremely easy to see in a dark stage environment / it's dead quiet when activated / easy to understand when you are looking down at it while you're tuning / Takes up very little room on a pedal board / the cream on the coffee is that it's under a hundred bucks - that's crazy for the build quality - it's a little iron BRICKI highly recommend this little guy - Korg got it right on this one..!!!
This tuner works great. I put in a 9 volt battery a couple of months ago and it still is going strong. It will take a 9 volt output from my power supply and I can then piggyback to another pedal, which is great. It is very, very accurate and does not get confused under normal conditions. You do need to hit only one string at a time, however. Size is perfect for a pedalboard small but still quite readable. Price is very good. I had a Boss in the past but took it back because it just seemed so overpriced and too complicated.
this tuner is awesome and accurate, very noticeable and what else can i say, for the price, best deal ever. get it! ps i use it for my base though, satisfied. thanks Korg!!!
Excellent pedal tuner which is easy to read on light or dark stages and mutes the signal while tuning. Well-designed and rugged construction. I believe that it is a much better value than other major brands which cost at least 50% more. One-button operation makes it simple to operate.
The best tuner for your board in my opinion! Great display, easy to view/read, and a simple click on and off that isn't noisy. Since it is true bypass the pedal turns off when it is not engaged, which is a great feature since the battery will not drain while not in use even when things are plugged into it. Silent on/off, and I have two of them. Recommend this to anybody looking for a tuner for their rig.
The main reason I bought this tuner and not similar offerings from boss or tc electronics, is because I had read prior to making the purchase that this is the most accurate at low tunings, and me being a bass player and sometimes playing drop A that is a must. I have to say that after owning it for a while I must agree. I've used other tuners when I happened to not bring this one along and  thats been my experience. Also its easy to read which note you're on when you're on a dimly lit stage.
I use to tune with an antique Korg... I saw these baby on the road with Maroon5's James... just make sure your guitar intonation is perfect.
This is pretty much the ideal tuner, as far as I'm concerned.  It's true-bypass, brilliantly visible and easy to read on a dark stage, accurate, small footprint, durable, powers all your other pedals, and is under $100, especially if bought used...its virtues are many and varied.  If you've been using a cheap crappy tuner like I was, you'll notice the difference all the more.If you want a hyper-accurate tuner for some kind of technical work, the Pitchblack's tolerances might not be quite what you're looking for.  But as far as stage tuners go, it's got a tighter tolerance than the Boss stompbox.If you want a buffer in your chain, this pedal won't supply it, as it is true-bypass.If you want to hear your strings ringing out while you tune, this is not the pedal for you.  The output is muted while the tuner is engaged.  I prefer not to make my audience listen to me tune, so for me this is a non-issue.  Plus, I like being able to use the pedal as a killswitch.These are the only circumstances I can think of where there might be a valid reason not to buy a Pitchblack right this instant.EDIT: After some time with this pedal, I've noticed that when used to power other pedals, some of them don't like being daisy-chained from this pedal's power output, most notably tremolos.  But when the daisy-chain cable is connected straight to the power supply and the Pitchblack is powered like any other pedal, the problem vanishes.  Kind of strange, and I figured worth noting here, but I don't consider it enough of a problem to take any points off or recommend this box any less.
This is my third purchase of this tuner. All three work perfectly. Very easy to tune my basses. One is for my younger son who just started playing the bass. The other are for me (one as a backup).The reason why I gave this latest tuner only four stars is because one of the metal connectors that attaches to the 9v battery is too loose and barely hangs on to the battery post. I may have to tape it down to keep it in place. The other two tuners don't have this issue.Still, it's the best around. Buy it!
For me this is the best guitar tuner. It does the job correctly and doesnt go crazy when you're tunnin so, geat ;)
Little to say about this incredible little stomp box: no color on your sound, build like a tank, large display perfect for those smelly and dark bars and joints where all musicians play and it has KORG brand printed...and for me thats enough to trust this great tunner.Cheers!!!!
I bought this tuner over the TC Electronic poly tune and I am very happy with my purchase. Very simple to use, great visibility and it does not color the signal when not engaged. It also has the ability to daisy chain from it into other pedals but currently I have no such need. I highly recommend.
There are some things in this life that you don't want to have to think about, and your tuner is one of them.  You have enough to think about on stage without worrying about your tuner.  It is fast, reliable and looks great on the pedal board.  It is true bypass and doesn't add a bit of noise nor suck any tone at all.  Your brand preference will guide your decision, but don't shy away from this well-made piece of equipment.  I would buy it again.
No other choice on the market IMHO.  This is the one to get.  I have two and would buy again if I needed another one.
This unit is the perfect solution for people whose amps do not have mute switches for tuning. It has an absolutely silent mode that mutes for tuning without clicks or pops when switched in, and its bypass (tuner off) mode is totally transparent to tone. Its 4 tuning modes make selecting one that works best for you extremely simple (I personally prefer full strobe). Its tuning is quick and accurate, and it doesn't hunt for pitches like some tuners will, especially with a 6-string bass. Its single 9-volt battery is only used when the mute/tuner mode is activated, so the battery should last a long, long time. The display is bright and clear. It's rugged, well thought out, solidly built, and simple.My only complaint is with the calibration mode: it's just a series of non-self-explanatory numbers that change when you hit the calibration button. Its explained in the manual, but could be clearer. I'd buy this again without hesitation, though.
This product is easy to use, without any noise at all. I truly recommend it as a tuner pedal. I'm happy with this product.
It is simple, accurate, takes up very little room, and has several modes that are nicely backlight.  To top it all off, it's about half the price of any other pedal tuner.  Korg... king of the practical tuner world.
Only had it a few days but is working great and I like that it is true bypass. Price was outstanding and the tuning is spot on. The default tuning display is perfect for me as I've not been real impressed with some of the other top tuners out there. IMO you can't go wrong with this tuner, very pleased.
As accurate and easy to use as the excellent Korg DT-10, I plugged in the battery, hooked up my guitar( which I had just tuned using a Korg DT-10 that I already own) and it came up in meter mode and verified exactly the tuning that the DT-10 gave me! I love it! Nice footprint, very easy to see the indicators in a bright room or on a darkened stage, one input 1/4&#34; jack on the right, one output 1/4&#34; jack on the left. Simple to use. I probably will never use the other three display modes, but it's nice tht they are there if I want to play with them. The perfect tuner.
I like how with this pedal, not only does it not have a heavy click when you press down, but if you are playing in a dark room the LED lights are nice and bright. True Bypass. I'm telling you, get it.
I use this as the first pedal that my guitar cable touches as it goes into the pedal board. It's true bypass, which means that the sound is not affected when it's not in use. When you step on the button, the sound cuts out and you get the tuner. It works as advertised. My only complaint is that it could be smaller. There are other smaller true-bypass tuners out there if space is an issue on your board. I've posted a photo of this tuner on my board -Pedaltrain MINI With Soft Case. If you need a smaller tuner, I have buddies who use and like the polytune.
The Korg Pitchblack is probably, along with the BOSS TU-2/TU-3, considered one of the industry standards for compact pedal bypass tuners for use with guitar and bass.  Both the TU-2 and Pitchblack are excellent, and I don't really have an opinion yet as to which is better.  However, there are some strengths of the Korg Pitchblack that may lead you to prefer it over other tuners.  The primary draw here is the bright light-up display with wide color bars.  The tuner displays the note you are closest to, and the colors guide you to the perfect pitch, marked by the green light in the middle (almost like an airplane landing guide).  But not only do the lights indicate tone by turning on and off, they actually dim and transition into one another as you go across those semi-tones.  You could argue, therefore, that the visual guide is giving you a lot more precision than you would get from a simple on/off light.  The tuner works quickly and reliably.The build quality is outstanding, and it's true bypass.  When you step on the pedal, the tuner is on and the guitar signal is off.  The switch is also of the "soft button" variety, similar to what you find on some Vox pedals and many boutiques.  It has a nice feel to it, though it could be easier to bump if it's in a high traffic area.This is a great tuner at a reasonable price.  It really comes down to user preference, but I've heard many guitarists prefer this one because of its high accuracy and visibility.
Awesome tuner, really fast and responsive. Best of all it is accurate, enough so that using this for setups has resulted in a much quicker easier process than I had anticipated. Nice and bright so I can clearly see it on stage in the dark. Occasionally I get a small pop when I engage it but not that frequently. This pedal feels good and sturdy too, I really cannot see anyone breaking it unless you feel the need to leap from the monitors on to the switch. Price is easy enough that if anything should happen to it, I would not think twice about picking another one up.
Just picked up the Korg pitch-black from Guitar Center yesterday. I use a Snark most of the time but i needed something i can tune with during practice while everyone is playing and making noise. love the thing so far. its accurate, fast, fits nicely on my pedal board and its metal not plastic like most tuners for this price. i like the multiple display options and calibrations. Mute function is awesome and true bypass i believe. great buy, i am happy with it. i got it in red.
Easy to use, very accurate and great visibility of tuning indicators. This tuner did just fine with the low B on a 5 string bass. Some tuners to not work well with this low of a frequency.
Very good tunner, with bypass switch. I think it's a good choise for any pedalboards. I changed this for a TC Electronic Polytune.
