My first wah was a Morley Steve Vai Bad Horsie. I loved it. It's a switchless pedal that I put through hell. I had it for 3 months before I had to send it back cause it broke. It's still an ok pedal but I wanted the ability to leave the pedal "open" to achieve a certain warm sound. That's when I went looking at the cry baby.At the local retailer they had several different kinds of cry babies set up. I put this one against the Hendrix, Classic, and 95-Q cry baby pedals and this basic one sounded by far the best. The only one that sounded better was the 535Q but at over $200 it was out of my price range. I paid $97+tax for my GCB-95 cry baby and it was worth every penny. I don't even touch my Morley anymore. It's cry baby all the way
I've been using a Crybaby for going on 30 years now.  Some guitarists claim that having them in your signal chain affects your tone in a negative way.  Well, I've never noticed.To me these always feel perfect.  Also, you can adjust which part of the sweep you're using very easily - ie if you want more treble or bass you just the little "comb" that moves the wheel on the pot.I've tried other wahs.  Morley doesn't do it for me, and the Vox is very good, I just have always gone with what I knew.  No complaints with the Crybaby.
I got this pedal cause is not so expensive, and I love music. I used to play in big concerts but no more but I can tell you that for the price is good who ever wants to have some fun and learn how to use a pedal.
Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...Now that's a Fun king wah wah!!It's big, it's hard and it's heavy but when you turn it on you understand why this is the original. It sounds exactly like how i always imagined, like in all those records...This one gets the big 5 for being everything i wanted it to be!
MY experience with crybaby is it has a great tone.  More overbearing than the Vox or cleaner wahs.  BUT I know several people who have had problems with the switch, and I have watched countless others stomping on their crybaby in futile attempts to engage or disengage the pedal.I actually use a BBE and Vox since this frustration with my 1st wah.  But I am not sure that I am giving up tone in exchange for the headache avoidance!  I kinda think I am.  The VOX and BBE seem to have a brighter sound which is less "wah-ed" if you will.  It could be accentuated by me playing a Strat instead of the Les Paul Custom/Boogie combination I used with the crybaby.
Great pedal, but if you pull it open and put in a couple of cheap mods, this thing is absolutley rediculous!  It's a boutique pedal with only a little time and solder.
In my opinion this is one of the finest pedals to exist. The crybaby is still on my pedalboard and will be for as long as I can foresee.
WaWa pedals come and go, and get modded and re-thunk....But I always wanted an original Cry Baby... So this was a birthday gift to myself.Not disappointed.Down the road I MAY add some of the gazillions of electronic mods available now to personalize the sound, but for the time being I'm gonna enjoy this pedal "As-Shipped".Very Good Buy, Great packaging, earlier-than-expected delivery - Thanks Amazon !
My Cry Baby is about 20 years old and is the oldest pedal on my board. I have rewired it for true bypass and replaced the Potentiometer to give the Wah a broader range but it really doesn't sound any better. This pedal covers the &#34;White Room&#34; by Cream Tone perfectly. I gave it 4 stars because it hasn't been maintenance free. The pot came loose and the switch had to be replaced but considering the fact that it survived several hundred gigs in smoky dives, I probably should give it 5.
Sounds like my original.  Enough said.  Great pedal and it is still built like a tank.  I do appreciate that on this version, one can use a pretty standard AC adapter. A+.
The problem with this pedal is that you have to step all the way down on it to turn it on, which produces a sound.  The Morley pedals have a separate on/off switch, so you can turn them on or off at a given position.  The difference is the sound is just a bit more professional if the wah isn't always turning on or off at the top of the wah frequency.  Suppose you wanted to set the wah in the middle, and just leave it there.  You can't really do that with this pedal.  It is a bit smaller than a morley wah, but in my experience, the sound is equivalent on the base models.
this is my first petal of  any kind.  I had read that the Wah shoud be your first so I went with that.  glad I did.  this Wah petal is so much fun.  you can make as many cool sounds as your imagination will allow.  It is hours and hours of fun.  the sounds are great.  I have had no problem with performance.  it works as it should.  I highly recommend this petal.  it's price is attractive as well.
I love this wah. It's just perfect. I really can't find any negative about it. It's just a perfect standard wah. You won't regret this purchase at all. Just put a good analog fuzz after it & you're good to go.
I've got a MXR MC404 CAE for my concert line pedals... but this one is the one I use for local gigs and home use with Fender Telecaster and Hot Rod.
Finally broke down and got a new one after my original crybaby bought in 1976 finally died. A great pedal, well made!
If you want your guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a BOSS GT-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
It is a good pedal, but it just doesn't have the sound I was looking for. It is great for playing funk music, but for us metal heads, the wah is just too weak. For metal artists, I would recommend looking elsewhere. I am going to look into getting an Ibanez Weeping Demon, or a Morley, or whatever it is Behringer is limping to the barn with these days.
"Oh its a crybaby", "I have a crybaby wah", "You suck because you don't own a crybaby"...I'm tired of hearing these statements from guitarists that are so fresh they couldn't even tell you how many strings their instrument has!  This wah pedal just doesn't cut it.  Maybe at one time, but not today, it hasn't been up to par in a LONG time.  As a young player I insisted on having a wah pedal.  My mom bought me this one.  I thought it was awesome until I learned better.  It took me about a week to learn how to turn it on and when I finally did I thought I broke it!The eq on this pedal isn't good, there is no smooth transition from heel to toe.  There is a big drop in the freq. that kills the effect.  You have to pump your foot really fast to avoid having that drop.  You have to pretty much push it toe foward and then literally stomp on it to turn it on and then follow the same steps to turn it off.  Very inconvenient for someone who is trying to rapidly move between effects on a board.  I can't say its just a complete piece of junk, it does give you a wah effect, it is a classic pedal but THERE IS BETTER out now so why are we still stuck in the stone age with this thing?  I even had someone mod mine and while it gave it a little more headroom and fixed the dropping issue, I still had to slam on it to turn it on/off and it still sounded like a cheap wah.My suggestion?  The Mark Tremonti wah is great!  Kicks this things end when it comes to range and simplicity to use!  It may cost more, but you will probably end up hating the crybaby and getting one anyway, so just go with the Tremonti Power Wah to begin with.  What I use for wah is the Digitech RP250 processor.  You may say that this is a cheap processor, and it is, but I've been using it for years and I haven't seen anyone that can tell the price of it based on the sound quality and thats what matters.  Why I suggest it for wah is you can control the sensitivity, how hard you have to press your toe down to turn it on (I have mine set fairly light) and you can totally shape your tone right there on the board very easily.  You even have presets (crybaby being one of them)  You can get an entire processor full of effects AND an awesome wah for a little bit more.If you want a cheap child's gimic-type toy, this is for you.  Want to get serious about a wah?  Spit on every crybaby you see and go elsewhere.
I've had my wah pedal for a number of years now. What I can say is that it has put up with a lot of use, no problem with the pedal itself, mechanically. However, the cheap rubber feet were the first victims of perhaps taking a few cheaper short cuts on producing the product. That is to say, the rubber feet began to come off in no time. If you mount it on a pedal board, you will probably remove those feet and this won't be a problem. Also, the power supply that comes with it does a stellar job of powering the pedal. If you are like me though and place it in a pedal board where a unified power source makes sense and must use a different power cable, at least on my unit, the jack is not fitting properly leading to some serious shorts. Those shorts can make a crowd deaf in no time flat. What I have learned is that when using a different power supply to be sure the power jack is push ALL THE WAY in, otherwaise, ZAP. Other than those two issues, the power issue really no fault of Dunlop's if you use the supplied power cable, its been a great pedal. A classic that will surely live on.
the orig, still the best! do you like guitar music? chances are good you know the sound this pedal makes. it is the one. my only stand alone outside a multi effects unit
The Cry Baby has proven itself since the 60's. It is a very well made pedal that is a must have, if you play any classic rock. It takes a bit of practice to master, but when you have mastered it; you can take your music to a different level.
It sounds good but it adds soooo much noise to my pedal board. If that's not a problem, definitely worth the price.
Some things just don't need to change. Some Wah pedals try to tempt you with built in fuzz, eq, or other wacky add-ons but WHY? I'd rather have one pedal that does its job perfectly than a pedal that does a bunch of stuff but sounds less than great. The Crybaby is a great effect to have for any style; everyone from Jack White to Jimmy Hendrix have used some incarnation of this pedal. It's a must have and that's really all there is to say.
I acknowledge that this is a minority opinion - perhaps I just had bad luck with my unit and the attempts to repair it afterwards.  But while I loved the sound and functionality of this wah-wah pedal, it would literally last me a few months at a time before it became unusable.  I suspected that the potentiameter was shot, so I had that replaced, but the same problems reoccurred.  Like a horrible static noise as soon as started using it.Good product, but hopefully they make them more durable than the particular unit I had.
