It works, and it works well.  It easily cuts guitar strings, ukulele strings, etc.  No damage to blades when cutting  heavy to light gauge steel strings.  If you change your own strings, this cutter is a must have.  It is very durable, the material is made of high quality metal, and it makes clean cuts.  The rubber grips are comfortable to use, and have red accents (and therefore easy to find).My only minor gripe is that it is spring-loaded to open.  I've cut myself with the blades reaching into the pocket a few times when I first got it.  Thankfully I don't change strings too often.  I also made a little leather pouch for the clipper end, and I put a rubber band around the handles to keep it closed.A must-have for your guitar/bass/ukulele bag.  Highly recommended.
As is the case with all tools, you really do get what you pay for with this string cutter.  It's extremely well-built, and performs its task very well.Pros:- Extremely high quality metal- Comfortable rubber grips- Red accent handle makes it easy to find in a bag-of-tricks- Effortlessly cuts even stainless steel bass stringsCons:- Has no ability to lock the cutter closed for storage; the tool is spring-loaded to open.  While this may be a plus for some people, I find it less than ideal.Overall, this is an extremely well-made tool for your guitar kit.  If you're a bassist that likes stainless steel strings, you'll appreciate how they cut like butter.
This cuts strings with no problems. It doesn't take a lot of pressure to squeeze the handles and it doesn't damage the cutting blades like some wire cutters.Highly recommended for frequent string changes.
Good cutter for guitar strings and will take care of most electrical wire sizes too. Handel is very comfortable too.
While this is a simple string cutter (something one can buy about anywhere), it is made well and is of excellent quality. Anyone changing strings on a guitar needs one this tool. It is easy to hold and is a good product.
At first it seemed stupid to buy wire cutters just for guitar strings, but these do work extremely well.  They seem to be very high quality and easily clip guitar strings right to the tuner post.I do agree with the other user who pointed out the fact that they're spring loaded open with no mechanism to keep them closed.  That does make storing them a little akward, but again, I think this is the best product out there if you change your own strings.PS - If you are using scissors to clip strings ends, you are crazy - buy these things...
