This gig bag was just what I needed to carry around a soprano ukelele. It has a strap for slinging the instrument over your shoulder when in the gig bag, padding, and a pocket in the front for your tuner.  The zipper is strong enough and it was just what I needed to carry around the ukelele to keep it protected while in transit.
This gig bag is well worth the price.  It replaced the cheesy gig back I received with my soprano ukulele, and I have much more faith that my instrument will be much safer now.  It has extra padding on the bottom for when the uke is standing up, and has a pocket in the front for tuners and other small odds and ends.  Get this gig bag!
If you are looking for a good quality inexpensive case, this is a very good choice.  It has a durable feel to it. It has a handle and a removable strap as well as a zippered slot on the outside for accessories.  It works very well.
Great bag, well padded the shoulder strap is nice! perfect! and very good price!What you would come to expect from lanikai!
I ordered this product to review for possible use by members of my senior adult choir at church.  It was ordered with a little trepidation after reading some of the previous reviews.  I found it to be excellent for the price and so far, have had no problems with the zippers.This product is described as a "Soprano Ukulele Gig Bag" and that is exactly what it is.  A "gig bag" is *not* a rigid FAA-approved flight case, nor is it a semi-rigid polystyrene "case" with soft covering.  Reviewers that don't believe this is sufficiently padded are looking for something other than a "gig bag" and don't understand the term.  You wouldn't put your reading glasses in a soft, padded case and expect to be able to sit on them would you?I don't know if some other reviewers tried to fit concert-sized ukuleles or other larger sizes into this bag, but I found that it fits the soprano size perfectly.  It is *very well padded* for a gig bag, having extra padding at the base of the instrument (where the bottom strap button would be if you have one) to cushion the bottom if you hold it standing on end.  It also has a nicely padded handle.  I received it in a box with other items and it was packaged well.  (Ukulele not included.  They cost a little more than this.)
This is a great padded case that fits my soprano uke just right.  I like to ride my bike and take my uke along. The small size means it fits my panniers just fine.  The thick padding protects the uke from bumps and scrapes.  The larger foam/nylon cases are nice and offer more robust protection but they don't fit into a shopping bag or backpack nearly as well.  Highly recommended for the adventurous uke player.
I have one of these for a Lanikai tenor, and one for a Stagg soprano. The soprano one fits great, even though it's a different brand. Perfect.
This bag was nicer than I expected for the price. Considering that many soprano ukuleles are in the $20 t0 $100 range, a lot of people won't want to buy a hard case for three times the price of this gig bag or for more money than their instrument cost.The case is better padded than I might have expected for the price. Since soprano ukuleles are small and lightweight instruments, it's not clear to me why a hard case would be as important to most people as it might be to somebody evaluating guitar cases, or cases for other larger instruments.If you have a small child who is likely to sit on the instrument or drop it down the stairs constantly, you might want to consider something better. But this should provide adequate protection in general, even from minor falls. For a soft bag, this offers all I would ever need.
