Like all Gibson products, this is high-quality polish that one would use on a high-quality guitar. I have used Gibson polishes for 38 years....
I bought this recently and I love it. Why?  It has no &#34;smell&#34;, it leaves no residue on your hands, it's very &#34;light&#34; but yet it cleans, shines, and polishes your guitar beautifully.  It leaves a protective coating on the guitar which not only protects the finish, it also makes it ultra-shiny glossy and brings out the rich deep colors. This is fantastic stuff. If you own a guitar this is the best product out there. But what else can you expect from a US company like Gibson. I was very suprised that it was this effective. This little bottle goes a long way. I have already polished all of my guitars and my friend's guitars and I still have more than 1/2 a bottle left. If you need to polish your guitar look no further. This is your best choice.
The cloth that comes with the product is a high quality polishing cloth but some idiot thought it was best to package it stuck to the bottle with a glue button that leaves glue stuck to the cloth. This glue is only removable after a expensive bath using Goo Gone or similar glue dissolving solution, then washing with warm soapy water by hand and rinsing thoroughly in clear clean running water until all soap is removed, then hanging the cloth up to air dry, preferably outdoors in the sunshine if you have that available. The cloth is so nice it is worth the time-consuming and correct method of cleaning, but is not why you buy a product that is supposed to clean and polish in the first place. Somebody better redesign the packaging for this product as the Gibson cleaner polish is first-rate and puts a high lustrous shine on the guitar surface which comes out bright, dry and hard almost like having used a high quality paste wax but without residue. Very good stuff, very irresponsible packaging for the convenience of the factory I assume but without forethought to the customer's needs.
I was unsure what kind of polish to get for my guitar.  I would have thought pledge would work, but after a little reading I found out that could be bad for the woods tone and resonance.  After scoping out Amazon I came up with this product, and I am happy.  It makes my black guitar shine and is very easy to use.  It also comes with a nice polishing cloth...great deal for the money.
I bought this to get the grime and finger prints off of my Les Paul before putting it on eBay to sell. Worked great. Didn't harm the finish at all.
