A cheap guitar at best..no bite to it at all..does not get me excited..learned religoulsy on an acoustic so was excited when i got this cheap from gc for less then 100..low e doesnt stay in tune well pickups suck hard to play being its a jr and just awkward (which is my fault) do love the color and look of it..but thats not what guitars are for right..itll serve its purpose until i can afford a Real American Strat..not great at all..but passable Id return it if i could.
I ordered this Epi Jr because I had one years ago my Son adopted for his own and missed having one. Saw this in TV yellow and had to have it. I came well packed and looked much better in person than the pics on the website. It was set-up very well, among the few guitars I have purchased that were playable out of the box. Fret work is top notch. Finish is good, some very slight blems but if you play it like you should you'll add some of your own. There was a slight binding in the nut, most people think it's the tuners right away but most tuning problems are at the nut. A quick fix with some pencil lead or chap stick will fix it up. If you can't make your own nut adjustments visit your favorite guitar tech. When you hear the pinging sound when tuning you have a nut issue. The only thing I did was lower the bridge a bit and this thing plays like a dream. Plugged in it sounds good, you can get a lot of different sounds with the simple use of the volume and tone. Picking closer to the neck or bridge varies your sound. Play close to the bridge with tone wide open puts you in Tele territory while using the volume to clean things up or add some dirt to the sound. Add some tone knob and pick closer to the neck to get into the blues region. This guitar will make you a more versatile player. The absence of a neck pickup reduces the magnetic pull on the strings and lets them ring out. Sustain is very good as a result. I could carry on forever but you get the idea. I've been a player for 45 years and a collector for half of that. I own many vintage guitars including Gibson, Fender, Gretsch. I have the most pleasure from playing the newer imports, the quality is superb on the most recent ones. Tone snobs may laugh but my new Epi Les Paul Jr plays just as well as most anything out there.
i got it ,i played for a very while and i just got shocked with a great sound, great finished guitar and for the price definitely was a Great Deal!!! i play rock n roll, i'm 34,been on the road for a while playin' and i can recommended for sure!!!
Pretty decent sound, and it's not too small for an adult to play, but having no pickup on the left hand side severely limits the warm, jazzy tones you can get. Still very satisfied.
I just thought I would throw in another 5 star review which is based on the cost vs quality factor. I have several guitars, and always thought Epiphone to be an inferior guitar. Well I was dead wrong. It may not have the price tag of my "better" guitars, but it sure has the playability and sound. Especially for the $100 tag on it. Great for beginners or a seasoned player to add to his collection. The simple, yet killer sound of the single humbucker is hard to beat. I will not shy away from Epiphone anymore. Don't make the mistake of not picking up this guitar only because it's not stamped Gibson.
