I got this for one of my guitar students whose mom just wanted a cheap case for her acoustic guitar.  Now, let's be clear - this is easily worth $16, but it is a very bare-bones gig bag.  It will protect your instrument to a degree - it only has minimal padding - and is probably good enough for any beginner instrument.  ONe of my students has one of those Esteban infomercial guitars, which is pretty low quality (but not terrible and not unplayable), and the gig bag for that instrument has no padding whatsoever.I only give 3 stars because for a little more money it's possible to get something which I feel is noticably better.  I have a Musician's Friend acoustic gig bag that I paid ~$20 for a few years ago, and it's well made and probably has twice the padding of this thing.So, this isn't bad, it's worth the price, it's put together just fine, but it only just barely serves its purpose of protecting your instrument, and I'd never trust this with an instrument of any value.  Gig bags can be a good alternative to a hard case if space or weight are a concern.  This isnt' a bad choice, but just be aware of what you're getting.
it is lined and has a pouch for song books.  Great price and great product if you are looking for a soft case this is a great option
A light weight but well made covering for my jasmine guitar. Good material, good zippers, good design. There are much more well padded soft and hard cases available but they take up a lot more room around the house when not in use. I like this one because it provides enough protection without being cumbersome. For travel, you would need better, but for most uses, this is a good choice.
I will just say that in my opinion, if you are looking for something to take your Taylor to a gig in, you are better served with an SKB. In a sense, the case should mirror the guitar it will hold. However, all that being said, this gig bag is perfect for less expensive guitars. It is well crafted and cheap. I use it for my Ibanez Exotic Acoustic Electric. A nice guitar, but not one that i would cry about if it got a scratch or two. Anyway, i also store some extra picks, my strap, and a couple cords in the bag (along with a fretboard cloth, a set of strings, a tuner, and an allen wrench for the truss rod). All in all, great value for a good item.
It fits my acoustic well while giving minimum protection.Storage compartment could be larger, but good for extra strings and picks.You can&#8217;t fit a full sheet of paper or an 8.5&#8221; x 11&#8221;paper back guitar book in the zipper compartment.I would be careful of putting anything in the zipper compartment that could damage the guitarCross straps work well for carrying. Zipper system works well.It is a nice acoustic guitar bag for an inexpensive guitar considering the price.It fits my Jasmine ES31C Dreadnought Acoustic-Electric Guitar just fine.You really can't beat it for the price.
For the most part, this is a well built/durable gig bag. I only rated it at 3 stars for the lack of padding. If you need a protective cover for your guitar then this gig bag is for you. If you want something to protect your guitar from bumps and bangs get a more expensive gig bag with more padding or spend the cash on a good hard case. Remember, you get what you pay for and this is a perfect example of that.
