I think it's good but for wiping down after playing or for buffing after wax on my classical guitar bodies, I think I prefer the old flannel cloths instead. Micro-fiber seems to be slicker and generally did not feel that it was doing the job (mostly removing finger prints etc). Maybe it needs to wear out a bit or if it had a thicker nap to it.
ordered a few of these...should come in different sizes...but for the price these are fine...keep em in every case...enjoy..will buy again
I chose this rating because I found this product superior to other similar products I have purchased in the past.
This is a good micro-fiber cloth, but I guess because its from Ernie Ball it costs more than other clothes.  But if you are like me, its all about my axes, I have one in each gig bag/case!  I don't recommend using with polish, just a wipe down after each guitar or bass use.
Works great with or without polish.  It is a good size and the ziplock bag it comes in keeps the polish I use from drying out.
Surprisingly this cloth is both soft and durable.  Works well with polish on natural wood instruments.  I plan to get another one for my laptop computer because of it's cling quality to dust.
It is just as described,I am happy! Amazon always comes through,without a hitch,it was delivered as usual before stated time!
Removes grime and such. Makes surfaces very smooth(I don't know how it works individually, I used it with Gerlitz cleaning spray). It works well with cleaning spray.
does a good job polishing my strat after playing, reasonably priced, definitely something to keep around if you play your guitar regularly!
It works and it is relatively inexpensive. I keep it in the original packaging so that it stays fresher and it really makes the finish on my guitar shine like new.
Awesome little untreated polishing cloth. I have purchased these for all of my guitars (more than I care to admit) and they are fantastic. They clean great, removing all oil and fingerprints and they are reasonably priced. Awesome product to keep your axe looking great.
