For some reason, when I saw &#34;48 picks&#34; I think of a sandwich baggie full of plastic picks... What I got was a slim resealable bag that's about 1/8th the size I was thinking of.  It comes with Light, Medium and Heavy picks.  Even the Light picks are thicker than the &#34;thin&#34; picks I had ordered before.  I like having the variety though.  This has a variety of colors as well as the thickness.The only thing that could have made this better is if it came with a drawstring on the bag so I could maybe hang it from my strap.
just love them came really quick love all the different colors and thicknesses in all the colors you can fined a fine med or heavy
I love this assortment.  Every color and size you'll ever need.  You can never have enough picks but this batch should keep you going for a while.  This was an exceptional value and the picks are of nice quality.  I would buy this again or recommend to anyone.  I use medium picks so would search for a large batch of these in medium only though.  Definitely a 5 star purchase.
Love my assortment of picks and the price was right. I like that their is different gauges, because I don't always like using the same so this is great with the three different gauges to choose from in all these nice colours but I only received 47 instead of 48 picks but whose counting, i'm  still happy with my picks and would purchase from seller again, thanks.
I was given free picks when I bought my guitar from a local guitar shop in town. The Retailer gave me some mediums. I find I do better with heavy thickness. I have a heavy touch when I play the guitar. With the different thicknesses I can choose which works best for me. From experience it never hurts to have extra picks around. Since I bought these I have been using the Heavy thickness ones. They really bring out the extra sound in the strings on the guitar.
they are just great what more can I say They product is high quality and a good price I am enjoying them
A bonanza of handsome peal celluloid guitar picks in a variety of thicknesses.  An inexpensive way to find your favorite pick.
