Excellent picks, with nicely rounded corners to the essentially triangular shape and nicely beveled edges to make tremolo playing easy and smooth.  The only problem I have is that I keep changing my mind between whether I want a crisp corner for my picking for clarity or a pick like these for smoother playing.  These are a great addition to any mandolin player's case because they give the player a nice alternative to trying to use one of the rounded corners on a pick like a Fender heavy.
These picks are comparable in shape and feel to Grisman's Dawg Picks (and frankly, cheaper). The thickness and rounded bevel will absorb a lot of high end from your tone and, depending on how you play, this may or may not be acceptable.In my opinion, if you play with a relatively free and loose wrist, without anchoring your fingers or palm on the mandolin face or bridge, you'll get a woody, warm tone with plenty of definition and good volume. Varying the horizontal contact point along the strings can bring out a bit more high end. I play this way and am more than satisfied with the picks. (For guitar I prefer a 1 mm traditional tri-corner shape but that's a different review). If, however, you're really a fan of a biting high treble sound, these picks are probably not your best choice unless you're willing to put a sharper edge on the bevel with a file and fine sandpaper. In fact, a pack of 12 three corner picks can be an economic way to experiment with pick shape and bevel angle if you're searching for your ideal tone.If you support your hand by resting your palm or fingers on the mandolin, chances are your attack, tone and volume are generally softer and I think these picks will produce an unacceptably dull tone. Tweaking the shape may still leave you feeling as though you're not benefiting from the large mass of the pick and it's just slowing you down. For such a lighter stroke, I'd recommend the 1 mm tri-corner I use for guitar.
This pick is well designed for mandolin playing.  Unlike standard guitar picks, it has generously radiused corners.  It's also stiff and comfortable to hold when playing.
I was looking for picks comparable to the three that came with my Fender beginner's mandolin set, worried I'd permanently lend them out or otherwise lose them. Having a dozen similar--a few for me and a few to share--meets the need! He heavy feel and very rounded edges make for a very mellow sound and allow for a quiet practice, especially when compared to lighter weight and pointer guitar picks.
Picks are personal thing and even then everyone seems to change once in a while.  I really like the feel of this hard little pick with the round edge, which gives a warm round sound, but if you like to have the bluegrass banjo sound, all you need to do is file down one edge to what you'd like and you can have it all.  Great pick, I recommend it.
This works amazing! It is very thick, which is great for a nicer sound on the mandolin. It also works great for a guitar. It works really nice with steel strings, but I have yet to test it on my ukuleles nylon strings.
This is a good pick.  They give the strings a sweet sound and slide off the strings nicely.  However they do have a really annoying clicky sound that is not so hot.  After trying a few others I settled on Wegen Picks.  They make the Golden Gates sound bleak in comparison.  Wegens definitely click less, are easier to grip and bring out the natural woody sound and character of the instrument.  If you are looking for something that will progress with you, you may wish to look elsewhere.
