A nice little untreated cloth to clean my Taylor guitar.Now if I could only play the guitar as well as this cloth cleans it. ;0)
This was one of those "might as well get one of these too, while I'm at it" purchases when I was ordering guitar polish. It's a good cloth for polishing, no more to say about it.
This cloth works well in cleaning off the dust, fingerprints, oil, and dirt off of my guitar. It is thicker and bigger than the ones used with glasses cleaning so I'm sure it can be used to wipe down other things as well.
I use it to clean smudges off of my guitars and to keep the fretboards clean after use. It works well without scratching the delicate surfaces.It is extremely well made and I have thrown it in the washer/dryer and it comes out clean and new looking. I keep it in my guitar case and use it often!
This sure wipes down any guitar to get finger prints and such off.  Remember, I would not use this with any kind of polish, a little pricey, but then again, aren't our toys!
I chose this rating because a fine paper towel seems to work just as well as this microfiber polish cloth.
Great cloth for keeping those pesky fingerprints and other smudges off your valuable guitars.  Soft touch, easy care - can't beat it!
Lets be honest, it must be pretty hard to mess up a cleaning cloth. It either cleans or it doesn't. This cleans/polishes all of my guitars great. Just make sure the strings are off so that this doesn't get caught on them. This is a brand I've come to trust.
Do NOT use these to polish your guitar. It leaves tons of small fibers all over, and is hard to clean up. A total disaster. These are good for maybe wiping up dog poop, but not cleaning anything.
I have a rose-gold plated flute, and wanted something to clean it that would not rub away the plating.  This does the job perfectly.  Wipes off fingerprints & smudges easily, and with a little water cleans up lip stuff that gets stuck on my lip plate.  Is easy on the plating and very gentle.  Washes in the washing machine on handwash with no fabric softener and line dries.  Am very pleased.
As some of the other reviews state, you barely need any type of guitar cleaner when using these microfiber cloths. I've found for the best results, use a wax sealant product, and then use this cloth separately and afterward to clean your guitar. The fingerprints and smudges lift off effortlessly.
Scratch free, durable, machine washable. I use it dry to wipe down the acoustic guitar strings after each time playing and the tone lasts much, much longer. You place the cloth next to a string, then hook your little finger under and pull up so the cloth surrounds the lower surfaces, sides and top of the string, then pressing it in around the string slide up and down the full length a couple of times, then repeat on the remaining strings. I then slip it under the strings and sort of buff the fingerboard, then wipe down the surface of the guitar and tuning keys. Takes a matter of moments and works great. Then once every week or two, it just goes in with the laundry, comes out perfectly clean again.Polyester microfiber is kind of an unusual fabric. It is fully synthetic and water will bead up on the surface, but it works well for polishing. If I'm using carnuba wax, I use a 100% cotton towel to remove it, but for dry polishing wouldn't be without one for each guitar.
It helps to clean the guitar. I have an eletric acoustic guitar and it was a good choice to buy this!
This is my first attempt at buying a polishing cloth for my guitars. I tried this untreated 'MicrofiberPolish Cloth' on my Gibson ES-339 because I had heard good things about it.We'll begin with some stats: the cloth is 11-3/4" by 11-3/4" and has an 1/8" border stitched aroundthe edge. It feels very soft to the touch and it is made in Korea. There is a small warning on theback of the package that states: "Not designed for cleaning electrical devices." You can also washthis untreated polish cloth in mild soap and water, rinse it out and hang it up to dry. Now to thereview.My guitar has an Ebony hard lacquer finish, meaning very glossy and shiny. I have been playing thisguitar for about a year now and it had a lot finger smudges on the body's front and back and BACKof the neck. I was able to get most of the minor finger smudges off. When going after the moreresistant multiple smudges the polish cloth would spread it around and left most of the problem onthe finish.What I discovered about this cloth, even with increased elbow grease, is that it has it's limitations.So, if your guitar is reasonably clean and the smudges are fairly new this cloth is dynamite and takesthem right out. If the body oils have been there for awhile, probably collecting dust, then you willneed some type of cleaning liquid to help you break up the old fuzzy oils on your instrument. Pleaseuse any liquid sparingly when applying it to the surface of your instrument. Do not put a liquid directlyonto the surface of your instrument. You should put the cleaning liquid onto the cleaning cloth firstthen apply it.I decided to use Dunlop's 'Dunlop Formula 65 Guitar Polish & Cleaner' to cut and clean up the tougheroily smudges. I used another soft cotton cloth and it cleaned up very nicely. Since then I have beenable to keep the guitar polished and clean using only the 'Planet Waves Microfiber Polish Cloth'. It doesnot leave scratches or any marks when used without a liquid. I also did not have a problems with thecloth breaking down and leaving lint or pieces of cloth behind.You want to use a another cloth to clean your fretboard and not the same one you use for the finish.The fretboard gets a lot of oily dirt assigned to it through repeated play. I would be fearful that theadditional oils accumulated  on the fret board will get into the Microfiber cloth and transfer to the finishof the guitar.So like a lot of things in life there are limitations to everything. I gave this untreated microfiber cloth4 stars because it does a fine job keeping my guitar clean  and polished with minimal effort. My highexpectations, based upon the blurb, were that this cloth would clean up more ensconced oils and dirtbut it only smeared them around. It was more trouble than it was worth to use the microfiber cloth toclean up the smeared mess.Nonetheless, I like this cloth and recommend it for upkeep purposes and minor dirt or grime. I will bekeeping it in my guitar case just for this particular guitar finish and use each time I am done playing.
Compared to Ernie Ball's cloth, it's good enough for wiping down things.  It is soft and non abrasive; EB's cloth has that and also has a clinging element which seemingly cleans and absorbs. Overall good cloth for general use.
Great Microfiber Polishing Cloth for a great price!Paid less than half through Amazon.comGreat product that works very well with nitro finishes.
Very soft gray microfiber cleaning cloth. Big and wide enough to handle any guitar. Works great for polishing and buffing guitar finish.
I tend to have sweaty fingers after playing my guitars.  Therefore, after playing, I always wipe down my strings to extend their life.  I've used other microfiber cloths, but they tend to break easy and leave "fuzzies" on the strings, which I then have to remove one by one.  This cloth is fantastic for wiping down your strings after use.  It is very well made and leaves nothing behind after use.  I liked my first one so much, that I am putting in another order.
Not very substantial. It began to tear on my guitar strings. I was hoping for something that would hold up to more uses.
At first glance this can look like a microfiber cloth.  But these one's really get the guitars shining up really nice.  They are made for glasses and stuff like that and they really polish good.
I bought 3 of these to store in various bass cases. I use them after a session or practice along with some guitar cleaner.. Sadly, I could not find any untreated cloths locally so I had these shipped through prime. These cloths are gentle and prevent scratching the finish unlike some of the microfiber types I see here and in stores that tend to leave streaks and in some cases scratches on the guitar.
Purchased this after owning a ernie ball polish cloth that was given to me. This cloth cleans up pretty well, but what i noticed after wiping down the strings a few times is that the fibers would hook. I dunno if they weren't meant to wipe the strings with but my ernie ball cloth is A LOT more durable than this cloth. They do the job but i believe that the ernie ball cloth does it better. Like a previous reviewer, i'm a little iffy about putting this cloth in the washer.Update: Putting it in the watcher was fine and idk why but after washing it for the first time it cleans up 1000000x better than before, i like this and my ernie ball cloth :)From 3 to 5 starts!!
This works very good on a silver flute.  It's soft and will go along time before you feel like you have to launder it.  Would purchase again.
This is just a simple microfiber cloth that works just like it should. There's nothing else to say but to get it if you need it. The quality doesn't suck so don't worry about. Peace out.
I bought this for my son to keep his guitar clean with. He really likes it a lot. It keeps fingerprints wiped off nicely.
Polishes well. You could probably buy a microfiber cloth from somewhere else and it would do the same thing, but this one works well.
Sorry, but I'm not as smitten with this cloth as some of the other reviewers. It's okay; good size, works pretty well, but sheds when new. And despite claims of being laundry-safe, the edges began to unravel after the first wash. I used with Planet Waves Restore polish and got good results, but probably would not buy again.
This polish cloth is cheap and does the job of wiping your guitar down from dust or from use with cleaning products.  It doesn't scratch the guitar and works great!
I feel like this picks dirt off my guitar strings better than the Taylor cloth I also have in the case
The price is fair and it serves its purpose.  I'm pretty happy with this cloth.  I just wish it was bigger so I could have a greater surface area of the cloth to use before washing it.  I haven't had to wash it yet, but it looks like it would hold up.
Well it's a cloth and I use it to wipe my guitar.  This is a fairly good size cloth at that.
I bought my first one from Amazon over a month ago - and simply fell in love with it.  It cleans/polishes wood, metal (although for strings, I use GHS' Fast Fret), eye-glasses, computer screens, etc with wonderful ability, easily replacing "casual" cleaning/polishing fluids.  I even recently bought a 2nd just because.  And yes, the first one has finally gone through the wash after a month of constant use- I knew it was time when it wasn't wiping off the smudges as quickly.  It came out with a slightly nappy texture (to be expected really), but still works as well as ever.  There is a vast amount of different "polish" cloth brands out there, but you won't go wrong with this one.
I really did not expect much from this rag. I just wanted a good quality lint-free / scratch-free cloth to clean my stringed instruments before and after each use. I was totally surprised that it actually works this good. Removes all the crap on your shiny finish without having to spend time constantly cleaning with guitar cleaner. This will probably help protect your finish over the long run too.You may wonder how you can get excited just over a cheap little cleaning rag. This thing rocks! It picks up every smudge, smear, & print and leaves nothing behind. It's an amazing little cleaning tool, and I WILL replace it if/when it ever wears out. If you are like me, and you want your instruments to look clean & grunge-free onstage, you should check out this little wonder. You can just keep it in your pocket and wipe it once between songs if you want. Doesn't get any easier. Great product!**********************A note about the mixed reviews. I REALLY wish Amazon would separate the 3 different cloths instead of lumping them into one product page. It really isn't fair to the actual good product to have it's rating artificially lowered by bad reviews for a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT ITEM. It also causes confusion to potential buyers because they have to sift through every review to find the ones that apply to the actual product they want. When I go to the product page for the AMAZINGLY GOOD micro-fiber cloth and see horrible reviews about fraying and lint, it makes me sad. I have had both of the other items, and this micro-fiber cloth is NOTHING like the other 2. This item has sewn/seamed edges that will not fray. It NEVER leave lint behind and it removes fingerprints & smudges and leaves only a nice clean instrument behind. No scratches, no lint, no hint it was ever there. My guitar always looks brand new after using this cloth, and I use the thing almost every day.I got on this rant bc I came here to replace mine after giving it away to a friend who fell in love with it. I told him I would just get another. Then I came here and couldn't remember which version I bought, and the negative reviews seemed to be talking about a completely different item (leaves behind lint?? What the crap are they talking about?)...turns out they are talking about a completely different item. I looked up my purchase history and found I had bought the Micro-fiber, then I placed an order for 2 more (1 for me, 1 to give away, again).Putting a single item type on a page and having selectors for size or color is fine of course. Putting an apple and a lemon on the same page (literally) and lumping bad reviews for a horrible product in with great reviews for a wonderful product is just an error that needs to be fixed. At least now if you managed to find this lone clarifying review hidden among the dozens of other mismatched ones, you know what version to buy and which to avoid.Anyway, /End rant.
Works as advertised for polishing my guitars. I don't use any other cleaners such as Fender Polish when I use this cloth.
We've all had guitar cleaning cloths and most do a good job. When I see the word microfiber I always think of those cloths that stick to your fingers when you are using them uck.This cloth is different it does not have the same feel as most microfiber cloths and it wipes away finger prints and anything else on your guitar body like nothing I've tried before. With no cleaning solutions needed it magically shines the surface without scratching it.This would be great for Any instrument or anything else you want to polish without having to use solutions.Reasonably priced too.
