I purchased this sometime around September, and when I received it, I tested it, and it seemed to work correctly. I've had no trouble with it that I can remember/think of.
This is a great microphone. It's light, sensitive, and looks professional. I used this alongside my Xonar DG sound card and my recordings sounded clear even when boosted +22dB. I would recommend this for anyone looking to do amateur voice recording.
All I can say is, sometimes you get more than what you paid for. While this isn't the new break through tech or the rave of the much, much higher end mics, it does deliver. With a decent mixer you can get a very nice response. Been giggin' since the early 70's and have been hosting an open-mic to boot. I get some seasoned players that grace my stage and none were the wiser of this very nice, super affordable microphone ... it's a charm! 'b' B
I ordered two PDMIC58's and they came with an XLR to 1/4 cable included. However, the quality of these cables are mediocre at best, I recommend purchasing a higher quality cable with your order.Now to the performance. This mic is built like a tank, yes, as others have said. It is somewhat heavy but not too heavy, in other words, it doesn't feel like a "cheap".As for the sound quality, I would have to say 3 out of 5 because the mic doesn't sound as clear as I would like it to be. Now I'm not a professional, but this is just my opinion. I'm not saying it sounds muddy, but it sounds tinny, you'll have to see for yourself.Other reviews have also said that this is a great back-up mic or karaoke mic, I agree. However, if you are looking to record professional sounding tracks, you won't find it at this price.Value? To me, I think it's definitely a mic worth having, even if it's just laying around, at this price, you can't beat it. It's a great mic for the price.-Update-After using this microphone for a while, I find it to be somewhat lacking. Don't get my wrong though, for the price, it definitely performs as it should. However, if you are looking to make quality recordings, I would pass on this purchase.
great microphone at a very good rice
This could be a great mic and is similar to the Shure SM58.  But I've found that most of these pyle pro audio products tend to have a much higher signal to noise ratio..even plugged into my best preamps in studio.  Spend more money, get some quality mics.  These are only good for garage practice on a budget.
I use it as a practice mic. It's fine if no one hears you! But if your gonna use it live. just suck it up and buy a shure sm58. But if you just need something you can ware out and not care, this will do fine.
It doesn't seem to be loud enough for a recording device that I have, but other than that, it works as described.
I would recommend this mic for any application from home studios to a spare mic for any musician. They use a heavy metal casing that appears durable, and the cord is decent enough for live sound, but a very slight hum was present with my guitar/harp amp. I would pay this price for just the element! It is truly a great buy, and I would use it for armature work any day. I use it for harp (harmonica) and it works great, and it sounds smooth with vocals too. I would recommend it to any friend, and I already have... Worth every penny!
No on/off switch is a bummer, but it works! Solid construction, decent sound, comes with a cable for convenience.UPDATE After playing in a small shed for a while, the bass player was complaining of some crazy rattling when he played a B note. We messed with the PA and all the electronics. What it came down to, was my mic (Pyle-Pro PDMIC58 Professional Moving Coil Dynamic Handheld Microphone) placement. I switched mics and kept them in the exact same position, and the rattle went away. Whats all this mean? The quality of this mic is just ok. If you've got a lot of sound going on, maybe get a better one.
I bought this for my kids aged 6 & 8, they love it. However it has not proven to be kid-proof. The microphone cable is too fragile and they quickly broke the connectors on each end forcing me to buy another cable.When it's working they love singing and it sounds fairly good - no complaints about the sound quality.
Great value! Using it as a back up stage mic. Sound very good and for the price it can't be beat. It does not quite come up to the standard of our professional mics, but gets the job done when needed.
Great mic for the price. Is it a SM58? No, but sounds pretty damn good. It's light, don't know if it would handle major abuse, but wow...for 12 bucks. you really can't go wrong. Plus, they throw in a cheapo cable for a backup. It also looks pretty damn sharp. Don't see how they even afford to make these things for this price. If you want a really good SM58 clone, I would recommend a Behringer XM8500. If you are looking for a back up mic, or you are a cheapo, this will probably satisfy you. I would have knocked off a couple of stars if it was over 20 bucks, but for 12 bucks...I don't think you are gonna find a better microphone.
I just received this mic today and tried it out. I purchased it after rave reviews from other Amazon purchasers. This is a heavy solid high quality mic. Are you kidding me at this low price. They giving it away. Heck, the microphone cable it came with his heavy duty and long and it's worth $10 all by itself. I recorded a song today with it and I sounded very clear and clean with no hissing or popping.  You can't beat this deal. Awesome nice mic.
It was delivered fast. When I hooked it up I didn't expect it to be so loud and clear. So powerful it picked up every breath I took between the lyrics. When I put a wind screen on it, the sound was so nice I couldn't stop singing for another hour. I only meant to test it when I unpacked it. I'm buying more. At that price it's a steal! Get a couple NOW! Before supply and demand kicks in.
How in the World can they sell a very good microphone for $15??The cord that comes with it is worth more than that.Bought it to hear how my harmonicas would sound amped.Very good sound quality, plenty of gain.Would reccommend this for voice or instrument use. Has a 1/4in jack to easily plug into a guitar amp.If you need a good Mic or Mics & don't wan't to break the budget get one or a bunch of em'.You won't feel so bad when one falls off the stage & breaks. You'll still have a nice cord you can use on any Mic!!Very good purchase.Joe
Works well on my amp, not so well on my computer workstation. It's a decent dj/announcer mic or for a PA but i wouldn't record anything like singing or music and expect great sound. Has that great heavy mic feel but is definitely no SHURE mic despite the similarities.
Very close to the sound of an SM-58. Not quite as &#34;warm&#34; as the Shure, but this mic has the best sound for the price. I'm very impressed.
I needed a cheap good quality mic, and this fit the bill. Bighter than the SM58 it mimics which is fine for me because my speakers stink. I bought 2 and they were both of the same consistent quality. There is no on/off switch, so expect that you'll shut it off at the mixer.
wow...so pleased with this $12 microphone, packs less of a punch than the Shure SM 58 but works great, very happy so far, used it to microphone some percussion and it worked great, could not really tell the difference from the real thing. If it breaks...so what...it costs 12 bucks, great microphone for someone on a tight budget. Highly recommended.
Very cheap and great for price but recording with this isn't the best idea. good for live performance on a budget
After first receiving the wrong item (not a mike at all) Amazon promptly corrected the error and sent the microphone ordered.This microphone feels well built from all metal construction and the XLR connector mates firmly with most cables. The included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect. For under twenty dollars, Pyle-Pro can't be beat. Just be mindful it's inexpensive because it's made in China, but it doesn't feel cheap in any way.The mike exhibits rich vocal tone throughout the midrange and upper registers while the low end is slightly attenuated. For most singers, it will be just what they need. The cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production.One issue I have with this mike is when using it on a Tascam D40 portable recorder with an XLR to XLR cable, the Tascam generates a digital pulsing noise into the input electronics. Both of my Pyle Pro mikes have the same problem, but both mikes work perfectly with any other device. The Tascam D40 is known for this noise issue, but it usually only occurs using an unbalanced non-XLR input. In this case, the unbalanced cable that comes with the mike actually works better with the Tascam than the XLR to XLR cable.
Haven't used it with the singer in my band but hooked it up to my amp for a short test. It doesnt appear to be DOA and as some of the other reviewers say, it doesn't appear that I have to be within centimeters for it to pick up. I looked at all the wires inside and they look OK. Nothing out of the ordinary.I'd say if you were Carlos Santana, you might want a better mic, but for those of us in garage bands and local bars, for the price? come on. How do you beat it?
