I love these cables. I ordered two about a year and change ago and they are my main cables for my bass and guitar rigs. They are still perfect and they get used for many hours each day
I prefer woven cables for looks. They have a nice stage presence. Hosa has been a very reliable brand for my cables. I don't move around on stage so the 18 feet gives enough length to connect to my mixer. This cable is just a little stiffer than some I have but that's OK for me and I'm sure it will wear well if you move around on stage.
nice cable, could be a little heavier.  I managed to pull the wires apart on the straight plug, probably stepped on the cord when I was playing guitar while standing.  I had to take it apart and resolder but it has been really good since.
this cable is awesome thick cord really high quality jacks highly recommend this better then any plastic coated cable I don't have problems with it tangling like I saw on one review
Bought this years ago. It was a nice long cable that I bought figuring it'd be durable but it didn't last. Maybe it was my mistreatment of the cable but then again it should be built to gig... If I was better with wiring I'm sure it's fixable but all in all it didn't last as long as I'd hoped.
I needed this for my Jazzmaster that has a front face input.  Sounds fine, although that guitar is notably &#34;humm-y&#34; with the single coils, I don't feel this cable added any more noise in the line.  Looks cool and sounds good to me and great price, I actually bought 2 !!!
I really like this cable., It is a great, quality cord that is very durable and I think it would be a long time before I would need another one. The length is long enough for any need and the cable will obviously be around for a while.
I've been using HOSA cables for quite a few years and find them to be professional quality and very dependable without being overpriced. I particularly like the right angle plug. It works well on most guitars except Strats and Strat style guitars. That's still not a problem because I simply put the right angle plug in the amp and the straight plug in the guitar. This cable is far more flexible than plastic coated cables. I'm very pleased with it and recommend it.
Cable crackles when plug in jack is moved. GLS brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison. Both have tweed jackets however the Hosa cable does not uncoil easily where the GLS cable does. I would recommend the GLS product over the Hosa product.
I like it, got it fast and it is just the right length for my at home personal use.  Thanks for getting it to me so fast, and I recommend going through the vendor I received this from it works great.
I've used Hosa for years, they have never let me down. All their cords are quit and are quality produces. I have never had a Hosa go bad on me.
looks really cool and sounds great.  no buzz or unwanted noise with these cables, and they have a velcro strap which makes it easy to store them when you are done.  i like them a lot.
I like tweed jacket cables because they are hard to get tangled up and are easier to identify than having a bunch of standard black cables everywhere. I use the right angle side to go into my effects pedal board and the other side to go into my guitar. The right angle is nice because it's low profile and fits perfectly on my board, even when I put it in it's travel case. Everything seems well built here and has been working for months without any problem.
It doesn't twist up like my standard black cable does, but it will twist a bit over time. Love the angle connection for my guitar side as it doesn't just stick right out there. If you really want to avoid on-stage kinks, then you MUST go wireless, it is the ONLY way to avoids twisted cables - no matter what type you buy. This cable sends sounds to my amp perfectly without distortion. It's worth spending a Jackson, IMO.
the cable hisses, crackles and pops right out of the package.  save your money and buy a better cable.  i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective.  i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else.
