I am a beginner guitar player. I have a Yamaha F335BL and a Hohner HC06.  I bought the Yamaha a few years back, and just recently started to really learning to play it.  It sounds ok, but not great (though the Price is pretty good for it)  It is all laminated, and the action is pretty high.Looking online I saw that people really liked the Seagull S6 Original for its sound and price point. Boy were they right. I got this guitar from Guitar Center (after I tried it out)  The action is low, and the fretboard is bigger (for fingerstyle and beginners this is really good).  The sound is also REALLY good, its very resonant, and just sounds &#34;good&#34;.  It is hard to describe the sound, you woul dhave to hear it.I did replace the pins with Presentation Tusq Pins, I could not really tell a difference in sound, but it did make it look nicer.Highly recommend this and other guitars from Seagull (try the Merlin, its fun)
I've been playing for about 17 years.  Most on my playing is with a bluegrass band here in Columbus, Ga.  My performance guitar is a Martin HD-28 and my practice guitar is a Blueridge BR-180.I wanted a third guitar just for kicks.  I'd been looking a Taylors, but didn't want to spend that much money.Enter the Seagull S6.  A fellow picker asked if I'd ever heard of a Seagull - I hadn't - he said they were nice guitars and I ought to check them out.  So, I did a little research.  I first read all the nice reviews here for the S6 and then went on YouTube and listened to a few.  My guitar is a Seagull Coastline Spruce S6 and I really like it. I choose not to get the cedar top version because the cedar is soft, and I understand that the spruce has more volume. I got the S6 today and this evening my wife, with her Taylor GS Mini, and I, with this S6, played Smokey Mountain Memories.  Nice, real nice guitar.I found that the action on this S6 is pretty good out of the box.  I'm going to take it to my luthier tomorrow and have him install a strap pin/peg on the heel and take a look at the action at the same time, if he can make the action better, I'll let him.  I'm also going to put on some Elixir Light strings.  I don't know what kind of strings are on it out of the box.But, the bottom line is that I am very happy with the playablilty and the action of this Seagull Coastline Spruce S6 acoustic guitar right out of the box.  I'm glad I bought it.
This is my first time buying a guitar without testing it first.I have no regrets.All of the positive reviews extolling the virtues of this excellent guitar model are spot on.If you're in the market, and don't have a grand to spend on a new acoustic guitar, get this North American made gem.You won't regret it.
Seagull guitars have intrigued me for years in photos and on their website, but there is no dealer anywhere near me, so I bought one sight-unseen from Amazon, based on the good reviews. I'm glad to say I can add my voice to the chorus of praise for this innovative design.A traditionalist will need some time to become accustomed to the unusual appearance and construction.  The narrow, reverse-taper headstock and wide fingerboard give this guitar a bottom-heavy look when viewed vertically. Back and sides are cherry with only a light stain, and the binding is dark. The top is natural cedar.As dreadnoughts go, this one is very comfortable to play sitting down. It appears to be based on the Martin outline, but with a slightly rounder lower bout and a narrower upper bout. Weight is pleasantly light, and the semi-gloss finish is comfortable to the touch. Players with broad fingers will appreciate the wide fingerboard, but those with small hands should consider the ""Slim" version, with a neck 0.08" narrower at the nut.Sound is what really counts, however, and this Canadian dreadnought has nothing to be ashamed of there. The maker has the good sense to ship the instrument with high-quality, fresh strings, allowing the new owner to appreciate the notable bass and clear midrange as soon as it is tuned up. Overall, it falls within the classic dreadnought tone category, with good volume.Buying a guitar online saves money but leaves setup to the buyer. Both the nut and saddle on my guitar needed lowering, and the truss rod required adjustment (a long-reach hex wrench is included). If you are not experienced in these tasks, a local luthier should do it for no more than $30 or so.Based on sound, playability once adjusted, and construction quality, this guitar should definitely be included when comparing instruments in this price range. It is a real standout in value.Update 8 DEC 2012: The more I play this guitar, the more I love it. It delivers balanced sound with good dreadnought "snap", and once the action was dialed in, the broad fingerboard relieves finger crowding I didn't fully realize hindered my playing. I am considerng replacing my Takamine mini-jumbo with a Seagull equivalent.
Although not through Amazon.com, I recently purchased a Seagull S6 Original acoustic guitar. I compared this with a variety of other brands in the price range, as well as with the Seagull Entourage acoustic-electric which was also in the general price range.  The S6 has a nicely consistent tone which, although maybe a little too bright for some players' tastes, projects very well.  Some reviewers and guitarists with whom I've talked wonder how Seagull can produce instruments that sound as well as they do in North America for the price.  I think that I found part of the answer when I looked inside some of the Seagulls.  The braces do not look as uniform and neatly finished as they might on other guitars.  Looking at the outside of the guitar and listening to it, though, you'd never know.  I find the 1.8" neck width at the nut to be great for fingerpicking work and left-hand fingering.  It's a compromise between a more standard acoustic neck width and a classical guitar neck width.  For me, it works.  Some players who are more used to a more traditionally narrow neck might not appreciate this attribute of the guitar.  Seagull does offer other models, by the way, that have a more traditional width.  The slightly shorter scale reminds me of the scale Gibson uses on many of its electric guitar models:  just shorter enough to better enable chord fingering, but not so short as to cause floppy strings.  I couldn't be happier with the Seagull S6, especially for the price!
I heard great things about the S6 and so, being a novice without any idea of what to buy, I bought it based upon reviews. I've played it for a year, and after spending many hours in guitar stores comparing guitars, here are my (humble) thoughts:- The Seagull is comparatively unattractive. Its snake-head headstock with the tiny, not-great tuners looks out of place on a dreadnaught guitar.- The cedar top is very nice looking, and the rosewood fretboard/bridge on mine are very nice.- The laminate sides/back seem much thicker than competing guitars, and this makes the guitar heavier and, to me, less &#34;alive&#34;/resonant during playing.- The satin-finished cedar top is very easy to marr.- The cedar is warm at low to mid strumming force, but at a heavy strum, the top seems to bottom out and lose definition.- The treble sounds tinny to me and the bottom end seems muddy.- The frets are smaller than competitors but are OK.- The binding is a sharp 90 degree angle without any radius to it so it cuts into the chest and arms after playing - something I've not encountered before.- I can get the action very, very low before the frets rattle - nice!All in all, it is an OK instrument that stands out simply because it's made in Canada for Asian/Mexican prices - that said, just because it comes from Canada doesn't embody it with mystical vibes. In fact, for the price range, I can get a just-as-good Asian/Mexican guitar with a nicer laminate back/front, Sitka spruce solid top wood, better tuners, and a more attractive headstock - with a gloss finish for durability and that sounds just as good.I don't regret getting it, but I feel like I overpaid for what I received, and while the brand might have been a great deal at last decade's exchange rates, I have seen much better guitars in shops for the same price. Seagull to me is over-hyped.Thanks for reading!
I personally think this Seagull is over rated. A lot of reviewers are covering the muddy (not crisp) sound as &#34;mellow&#34;I don't think so.  I have over 115 guitars in my collection, and around 15 of them are acoustics.I have nothing against Seagull, or Canada, but bought one of these NEW off the rave reviews, and just recently (I have had both theS6 and FGX730 for five years) pulled the S6 out for another try just because I could not make myself believe it sounded worse thanmy used Yamaha; IT DID!Side by side I went through the chords on each guitar, and had to finally come to the conclusion that the Seagull had to go.With a price tag of $420.00 for the S6, and $282.00 for it's Yamaha equal, the FG730S, unless you just feel like throwing yourmoney away, I would stay away from this guitar, and look elsewhere.Oh, by the way, I have an S6 for sale!
I bought this guitar in 2005.  It sounds and looks wonderful and manages to stay that way.  I think this is a good guitar and when you think that something that might sound better would cost three to four times as much it is a great guitar for the value.This model has the cedar top.  I love that sound vs the more typical spruce top on flattop guitars.  It is a bit more mellow and has a hint of a classical guitar tone because of that.  If you prefer the bright concert sound of a Martin then you'll not want this cedar top.Yes this guitar has an oiled finish.  This allows the soundboard to really sing unimpeded.  It also allows you to knock the heck out of it.  Funny thing is that after five years there isn't much damage just a little arm wear.  I think you'll like this guitar enough to not knock it around.The neck feels silky smooth.  The frets are well placed and don't stab you by hanging over the neck a little which is what you'll get in other guitars in this price range.  Paying to get the frets filed down is an additional expense on those competitors so beware when comparing.This doesn't come with a case so I bought a hard shell by the brand name "Canadian".  Great case.When I bought it it really didn't need an adjustment but I took it to a local shop to make it perfect for me.  I've also taken it in every other year for setting the action - checking and tweaking the neck - and getting the frets polished.  I also use a humidifier in its case during the winter months in Chicago.  Performing these tasks will prolong the life of your Seagull and your enjoyment of it.--------------------Update: 10/13/2012 update of my 2010 review.  This guitar sounds even BETTER.  I went to a handful of guitar stores looking for another acoustic "just for fun" and I had a few bucks burning a hole in my pocket.  To my surprise all the guitars three times its price sounded vastly inferior.  You see I learned that as you play a good wood guitar that over time it will "open up" and keep sounding better.  Yet another reason to keep it humidified and taken care of.  It will increase in value (to you at least).
