This is a perfect compliment to my current set up. I needed a desktop stand for voice overs when my usual recording set up wouldn't do the trick. This stand is sturdy and worked perfectly. A great buy as the price was perfect as well.
This is a really solid table mic stand, and you're not going to find a better price (I looked). The base is solid and heavy, and the actual stand is a sturdy metal tube. I liked the first one enough that I ordered a second. I should note, though, that it does not come with the pictured adapter for smaller mic clips, which I can imagine being disappointing even though it didn't affect me.
This item really speaks for itself. It is a small microphone stand meant for use with a desktop. The base is nice and weighted, but not too heavy to be unwieldy. It's a solid piece that serves its purpose and offers convenience for anyone looking to place a microphone on their desk.I would recommend you grab a shock-mount with this if you don't already have one, as it transfers vibrations though the stand! But that is honestly to be expected.
This stand works fine if you don't need a shock mount.  The base is wide and heavy enough to secure the mic well and defeat most vibrations.  I ran into trouble when trying to mount a R0DE NT2-A mic on a shock mount.  The low height (4 1/2") - which would otherwise help stabilize the mic - left too little clearance between the mic and desktop.  If you think you might upgrade and someday use this stand with a shock mounted mic, you're better off buying the slightly more expensiveOn Stage DS7200B Adjustable Desk Microphone Stand, Black.BTW, my copy of this stand also did not have the 3/8 inch male thread.
If you find yourself in need of a desk mount for your microphone, this one works well. It is heavy enough to keep the microphone from tipping over, and the black anodized stem gives a subtle appearance on the desk. Having the microphone always plugged in, accessible on the desk and ready to go means I save much setup time for my voice-over work.
This mic stand is solid and a good value, but it's a one trick pony. The picture that is currently featured at the top of the listing here is incorrect (the stand comes with 5/8&#34; threads and does not come with an adapter). Not a huge deal if you're using a standard mic clip.The height is about 4.5&#34; inches total and I'm using mine to mic a kick drum right at the port. If you plan on using the stand for an amp or to mic something on a podium or desktop, I'd highly recommend you check out the adjustable desktop mic stand from On Stage. I have one of those too, but it was too tall (even at it's shortest setting) to mic my drum port, but the adjustable height is very handy.
