So, there are some people who review this as superb, with no noise and just the best thing ever. To be honest, I have no idea where this is coming from. I do get a good amount of noise (static buzz) that makes it difficult to use it when playing your guitar in a more quiet mode. Also, the sustain is not as good as I thought it would be and I had to do a lot of fine-tuning with my amp to find a satisfying setting (works best with some additional reverb setting).That said, for the price, it is pretty good. I do not understand why some folks are all upset about the plastic. It is what it is, a rather inexpensive compressor that does a pretty good job for that price.
In case you were wondering, this is a clone of the Boss compressor/sustainer.  It does a very good job reproducing the original at a fraction of the cost.  You add noise to your chain with any compressor because that's what they do- they elevate quiet signal and minimize volume spikes to even it all out.  When it is off, this thing had pretty decent bypass but I would not string an entire board together with pedals that are not true bypass because it would suck tone.  The box is plastic, but it is solid ABS plastic and is perfectly adequate.  I've not yet heard of a Behringer stomp box failing because the plastic box crushed when someone stepped on it.  People do like to complain about the battery cover being annoying and I have to say- aren't they all??? Seriously- when you can hook up a daisy chain and not ever have to deal with a dead battery ever again in your life, what are you complaining about?  The knobs are solid, and work just fine.  I own like a dozen of these cheap Behringer pedals and I have never had a problem with any of them.  You get more than the asking price worth of function out of this box.
I bought this pedal mainly for compressing the bass guitar in my home studio. It does what it is supposed to. I'm no master of compression, but I get a very usable, controlled signal from it. I noticed some hum when I turned the level up pretty high and that should be expected. I paid less than $30 for this pedal and that should be a factor when you're considering durability of this pedal.My bass player uses this pedal going into an SVT classic. No noticeable hum at &#34;concert&#34; level.Yes, this pedal is made of high strength plastic. If you are an angry stomper, go elsewhere. This pedal will not survive your overzealous foot.Battery changing... Yes, it's a pain in the butt. Two pens are required to push in the hinge pins to release the battery cover (the footswitch, itself). I bought a power supply, never looked back.So if you are on a budget, or NOT one of the lucky ones with an endorsement deal with a boutique pedal co., This should do well for you.
This Behringer compressor sustainer compare's to the Boss CS-2 the behringer sustaining is excellent and a tone, compression level is very good and all for $25.00 , not putting down the Boss, but for this price you can't go wrong.
This is a clone of the boss compressor and works just as well as far as I have been able to tell as the original. being the owner of both I would have to say if you're not too stuck up about brands then I would go with this if you like the boss cs3 but many people say that bosses compressor is not that good I know some compressors do seem to be a little more natural sounding however that is just preference it does what it needs to chicken picking or just crispening up your sound its plastic but nothing is unbreakable so use some sense don't hit it with a hammer or JUMP on it and you'll not break it I've had no problems with behringer but heard great things. The cost is so low anyhow so who cares anyhow.
The title says it all.  Great performance, sub par construction.  I bought this pedal for the compression and sustain, though, and am very pleased.  I use it for both bass and guitar, and it processes the signals well.  I am sure it would work well for other instruments or on recordings also.  Cheaply made, though.  I removed a spring that was seemingly attached to nothing inside the unit.  The removal stopped a terrible clicking noise that would have been audible from the stage floor.  Plastic encasement means the unit will likely suffer noticeable wear and tear throughout its lifetime.  Wish it was better made.  Audio reproduction is great!
More likely known as a guitar compensation device, the effect itself it widely used in everything. I have couple few behringer pedals, some complain about plastic housings but a) I don't beat my gear and b) plastic doesn't get rust and corrosion. The build on behringer are tough and fine to me, and the prices make them attainable to all players. The only thing I say negative is all that battery junk inherent to all pedals, gotta spring for power supply plug, if not now, eventually because it'll drive you nuts.Compressor is inherent to quack and pop of chickinpickin and country stuff you just can't not have if that's your thing. The sustainer is just that adds sustain to any guitar regardless of build, so even a cheap one can ring like the best.So you got both in one, tailoring will add life to even a dull axe.  Some put down effects for whatever reason but this one likely adds tones that you can't do without once you find em.
I've been trying to get a specific sound for quite a while now. This pedal completed that task. It's hard to describe the sound that this pedal provides but it is perfect. Very punchy and crisp. You can't go wrong with Behringer pedals. They are plastic though, so they might not hold up under heavy road use, but for home studios they are perfect. Highly recommended.
Noisy as any compressor but after using it I don't wanna go back to not having one for my setup.
There's not much to be said about this pedal: it just works. It's my fourth cheapy Behringer pedal and I have been pleased with every one of them. This pedal is great for tweaking your sound to get it juuuust right. I play punk, blues, and country, and this pedal helps me obtain the entire range of sounds necessary for my various styles. Even on a cheap amp (upgrading to a Marshall next month), this gets the job done. People who complain about the plastic casing are just looking to whine, imo. It's a good solid plastic that holds up well, and if it drops the price to $20 instead of $50, that just makes Behringer effects more accessible than that other brand.
Behringer pedals are the value leader in effects pedals. I have four of them and my latest is this compressor sustainer. It is very low noise and perfect for acoustic guitar and bass when leading music in a church setting. I've had more expensive pedals over the last 25 years of playing, but it's hard to beat the price features and quality of the Behringer pedals.
A bargain at the offered price.  Gives you virtually unlimited sustain.  It is a good cheap addition to my effects board.
What more can you ask for at roughly $25.00. This is a very useful guitar compressor. It is a simple compressor, that's it. Easy to understand with responsive controls.I use compressors quite a lot. In my PA rack I have a Yamaha rack compressor and an Alesis rack compressor. In my home studio there are compressors in my 24 track DAW and in my computer I have the T-Racks Deluxe mastering software with several VST classic analog compressors like the Pultec as well as VST optical compressors. I only mention these as a way of saying that I am very familiar with compressors and adept at using them. I have a pretty thorough understanding of compression ratios,attack and release points and I have learned to use them sparringly and with care. The Behringer CS400 does a good job as a straight guitar compressor. It is usefull for taming levels from your guitar and boosting your signal which adds punch to the signal presented to your other effects and ultimately to your amp. In recording circles you often hear good engineers say that if they can hear the compressor working, it's not being used correctly. The Behringer CS400 is quiet, almost transparent (unlike the Behringer DC9 I discuss below). Yes, it is plastic but it's fairly well made and unless you are really rough on equipment with a little care it should last a few years. If you are putting it into a pedal board it should last a long time.If money is not a concern go ahead and spend more on a rugged pedal made of metal but expect to pay somewhere around $75-$100.00 and up (Keeley,MXR, Digitech, etc.) Unless you go over $100.00 I don't think there will be a difference in performance and even then it will be subtle. If your signal path aready has hum and static, this pedal will not change that and actually may increase it because that's what compressors do-lower high signals and bring up lower signals for a more uniform sound. If you want to just smooth out your peaks and tighten up your sound with more punch, this little Behringer CS400 will do it.(Behringer also makes another compressor pedal in the same price range the Behringer DC9. It is all metal and attempts to clone the classic MXR pedal. I personally would stay away from this pedal for live use. I bought one and found that although it gives you great sustain it also colors your tone and seems to attenuate your low end quite a bit on the higher compession ratios you need for long sustain. You can dial in more low end on your amp but if you expect to turn the compressor on and off on different songs you will hear a tone difference. I don't use the DC9 when I play live but I like it on my guitar when I record using my VOX VT30 amp. I like it better than the built in compressor on the VT30).
I was initially wary of this as the cost was relatively low compared to other pedals however when I set it up and plugged it in I was truly amazed.  I now know what I was missing all those years of not having one.
Behringer makes a LOT of electronics for guitar and bass. I have an FCB10 that I use and like, great controller for the price. The CS400 at roughly 20.00 is a decent pedal that will 'get the job done'. Is it equivalent to a Boss, Dynacomp, Visual Sound or Keeley compressor...nope. You will get 20.00 worth of use out of it though for sure. The housing is pretty flimsey and when you change the battery its a PITA. Just don't take a flying leap to stomp on it and battery consumption is really low so with a lot of use you may have to change the battery once or twice a year. Good pedal for the beginner at an unbeatable price point.
Behringer products are good for the semi-pro.Nothing fancy about the compression; most amp emulators have good compression but lack true sustain at low gain/volume.This is good for getting that extra decibel or more of boost to carry those notes longer.Doesn't sound good playing fast.The CS400 shines with the longest lasting sustain you can get in a $25 pedal.
While the case is made of plastic, the construction is solid and seems very durable. My disappointment is with the sound. I never could dial in a sound that made me feel like it enhanced the sound of my bass. It was just different. I've switched to using the built-in compressor in my Digitech BP90 instead.
and nice its like really just wow ! you know ?like awesome and really cool i do i do ido like like love it
