I really think it doesn't matter which Snark you buy, they are all set up to measure tuning within any instrument's range.  It was cheap, and affordable.  One of the issues I've had with Snarks is that if you get the one with the vibe and the mic, the mic quits working, and you really only need the vibe anyway, so why pay more?
Originally I bought another Snark, and liked it well enough. I'd seen this one on YouTube, and thought its little bobble head looked ... kinda silly. But then a friend lent me his for a couple of days, and I really liked the experience of being able to glance over and see if I was in tune. I was hooked. I'll look silly if it lets me stay in tune.The built-in metronome doesn't have a lot of volume, but it's clearly visible.You also get a little baggie containing three picks, the carry bag for the tuner, and a battery. Warranty runs for a year. Altogether, I'm very satisfied with this tuner.
It seems redundant to review again except to point out I have bought more and will buy more. I will have one for every instrument stored with and actually on each guitar inside it's case. I have given out 5 and kept 4 - I have 11 working guitars - I need 7 more Snarks.....  some have had their batteries run down in under a year - but I get close to 2 years off a new battery - ( Batteries are a bit costly)
I've used a variety of tuners.  When the Snark first came out the price was so low I thought it must not be that good.  However, I borrowed one one time and ended up buying several.  What I like is that it has a very good display which is very easy to read (the colors help a lot as well as the layout of the display) , is seems to be very accurate, the clamp does a good job of staying on the neck and it seems durable enough.  I have had issues with one or more of these criteria with other tuners.  About the only thing that has been an issue, is that on occation, it won't register. Turning it on and off or just trying a different string usually solves the problem.  Also it may be a litle larger than some like.
This is my second and I love them so much. They work flawlessley and tune is amazing! Get one and dont hesitate
