I've owned a TS808 since I purchased it used in the 80s for around $20.  Yes, this is a great overdrive.  This pedal has many famous users and it has been used on many iconic recordings.  Pair this with a strat and run it into an amp on the verge of breakup - now you're in tone heaven.  But the plain truth is this:  there are tons of pedals out there now that do what this does - and they do it for a fraction of the cost of the 808 reissue.  This was the original but by no means the last word in overdrives.  I own a boatload of other dirt boxes and while this one is iconic it's not the most transparent or versatile. There is a 'mid hump' in the EQ of this pedal that either sits well with what you are playing or it doesn't.  I'm glad I own mine but I don't think I'd shell out what they are charging these days for the reissue.  If I am not mistaken both the TS9 and the TS7 can be modded to this circuit with less than 25 cents in parts and about 15 minutes of your time.  If this pedal came in under the $100 mark it would be more deserving of five stars.  I really hate to burst anyone's bubble but SRV's tone was really in his fingers.  And so is yours ;)
Years ago I owned an original edition TS808; I loved that pedal and used it for years on stage.  Eventually I sold it many years later, but I always missed that pedal, so I decided to give this reissue a try. My verdict: Awesome - It sounds just like I remember. The TS808 just has that 'certain something' that really brings out a nice smooth overdrive sound, especially when it's to enhance the overdrive sound you may already have.
I have only used one of these with a hybrid tube amp and a solid state but I hear that it will work with either tube or solid state amplifiers. It really gives my amplifier a warm overdriven sound. This pedal can be used to boost your guitar sound during solos or certain guitar parts. This pedal has three preamp settings: Ts9, Hot, +, and Turbo. It's great for solos and warm blues or rock rhythm guitar. One nice thing about this is it responds well to how soft or hard you pluck the strings. For example: if you set on the "Turbo" setting and pick with your fingers it will clean up nicely. If you pluck hard it will make a smooth distorted sound. If you want a metal sound, then I recommend the Metal Zone by Boss/Roland.BOSS MT-2 Metal Zone Overdrive Distortion Pedal
There is a reason this is the number one best selling guitar effect pedal on the market.  The Tube Screamer just works.  :-)
If you need a tube screamer. You can't go wrong with the TS808. The only reason why you shouldn't get it, is if it isn't the right tone for you. I say this because you can't say anything bad about this pedal. It sounds amazing. It just might not be your sound. I personally went with the TS808 because it compliments my amp better than the TS9. People who say this is better than the TS9 or vice versa are choosing the wrong wording. They prefer it. It's not better. Both are great.
To start, as the full name of this pedal would indicate, this pedal is for tube amps. I can't comment on how it'll sound for a hybrid, and my experience is that it's definitely not for solid state. Distortion pedals go much better with solid state. Further, tube screamers aren't meant to take your tube amp from clean to high gain; again, that's what a distortion pedal will do. Tube screamers in general are designed to drive your tubes a little harder,and are most commonly used as a solo boost. Tube screamers are in the category of "overdrive" pedals, and like the name would indicate, they're meant add a little extra "over" an already "driven" amp, but in a more natural, smooth, organic way then a distortion pedal would.HOWEVER, the Ibanez TS-9dx does more than your typical tube screamer. The extra knob that switches between ts9, +, hot, and turbo mode adds a whole lot of tone and use options. Let me expound:I play hard rock and metal through a Bugera 1990 head (basically a Marshall JCM 900)and cab with celestion vintage 30 speakers. While that amp does have a fair amount of gain and bass on tap, it's not quite enough to accurately get more modern tones unaided. A standard Ibanez TS-9 or some other knock-off tube screamer will not be able to get an amp like mine into more modern, heavier tones, because standard tube screamers also slightly cut bass and add some mids, again, to help solos cut through the mix. But the extra knob on the ibanez ts9dx solves this problem. By switching to +, hot, or turbo mode, the pedal adds bass and a little extra gain incrementally. I like the "+" setting the best. So the way I use this pedal is that I'll set my amp for my standard crunchy rhythm tone with the gain on the amp already fairly high. Then, for the songs that utilize a little heavier sound, I'll kick on my ts9dx, with the drive pretty low (9 o'clock), volume at 12 o'clock, tone about 1 o'clock, and + mode. With these settings it increases the bass and general thickness of my tone, and adds a little gain and volume. So it's basically like adding another channel to my amp.I will add one detail that might make or break this pedal for you: tubescreamers in general, and certainly this Ibanez ts-9dx, add mid-range to your tone automatically. And you can't dial it out. The regular ts-9 mode adds some low mids, and a little more high mids. The other modes add more low mids in particular, which in part contribute to the overall "thickness" to the tone, which can be great. But if you're after a scooped mid sound, say for metal, then I would only recommend this pedal as a solo boost, where the mids will help cut through the mix.In conclusion, it's probably safe to say that most people who buy tubescreamers are probably playing blues of some sort and are just looking to boost their volume and maybe add a little dirt. And yes, this pedal will do that. So will the BBE greenscreamer, behringer tube overdrive,mxr distortion plus, Boss SD-1, digitech bad monkey, or several other ibanez tube screamer pedal variations. But by adding the turbo-mode options, the Ibanez TS-9dx will work for the hard rock and metal players (depending on the exact style) in a way that these plethora of other options won't.
This unit is like a old blue jeans. Problaly exist betters pedals, but it's produce the vintage overdrive that match with everything...
