(star rating based on price) great for home use, but dragging it on the road i dont know how long it would last.
The cradle guitar stand was for a friend. He was happy with the cradle guitar stand. Hasn't had any problems with it.
First off this stand is a guitar stand that is cheap and it does what it is supposed to: it holds your guitar.  One thing it has that was a surprise to me was a rubber thing to hold the guitar in at the top which was a bonus.  I use it for my Mitchell Acoustic and it holds it perfectly.About the effects on finish.  After Googling it, calling where I purchased my guitar, and reading the little tag on the stand, the foam on this and many other stands may affect &#34;Nitro Cellulous Laquer Finishes.&#34;  How do you know if you have this finish? Basically the value of your guitar and/or the age.  This finish is used mostly on high end guitars in the thousands of dollar range and some vintage guitars and vintage reproductions. It is not used commonly today except for specialty guitars.  It is a finish that is actually sought out by people who know of it as it is like a hybrid of gloss and satin as the tech at GC told me.
came in oversized boxes but were packaged securely and easy to set up and hold my guitar and bass right out of the box,
UPDATE: received 6 of these. 5 are ok but one has a bad weld joint at the top retainer. It was held by only one small tac weld.I got what i paid for. cheap price and cheap product. no excuse to make this kind of low quality guitar stand, putting a $500 guitar on this is asking for guitar damage when the stand falls apart. not worth the time & $ to send it back to amazon. One star only for this product. Good chance that you will get a crappy one if you order this. Less than one star for this piece of ......
This is a solid stand, with good adjustability and a thick, decent quality foam to cushion your guitar/bass....its only fault is its price. Amazon sells cheaper versions that are just as good. Simply search  for guitar stands on here and see for yourself.
This is a cheap stand and I was not surprised to see it had broke less than 2 day after it had arrived. The top cup that holds the neck of your guitar was welded in one spot only and it was very thin metal where the weld was made. I do not recommend this product.
Got it for $5.00 bucks and wish I'd bought about 5 more.Just as good as anything else out there,Onlky complant is the adjustment to the neck support does go as low as I'd like,but that's my take on it.Buy if you need a stand.For the money,you won't be disappointed.
