Overdrive that wont drive you over...love it for the price as usual danelectro delivered I love their products for that reason they sound like a couple hundred bucks and yet....
Works great for the price!! I just started to get into pedals and I thought I'd try something cheap like this, and I was not dissatisfied. Don't mistake this for a distortion pedal for those who are new to all this, although you can get a distorted tone for this pedal, it just boosts the volume with slight raise in gain (For those who do know your shit please don't call me out on that, I don't really know and I'm just helping ones like me in simple terms,lol). It works great for switching to a more abrasive tone for solo'ing or just wanting to get loud in your songs.Definitely would pick this one up for a super cheap &#34;I just wanna try it&#34; pedal.
At this price range, this little effects pedal does admirably. You can get pretty decent sound out of this. No need to spend a lot, especially if your'e on a budget this is pretty good. I took off one star because the tone is sort of weird sounding in high-gain situations. Other than that I've had no problems. Holding up well.
Yes, this pedal is plastic, the switch is not the most durable feeling, and the knob placement is annoying.  At less than $15, you need to be able to look past these things.  I've had a higher failure rate with the Dunlop Cry Baby and that thing is built like a cinder block.  This pedal actually sounds pretty good when used as intended. Which is to say, this pedal does a nice job in overdriving the preamp tubes in your valve amplifier.  No brutalz here unless you already have a good amount of gain going.  No overdrive pedal lives up to it's potential running into a solid state (even modeling) amplifier.  It's just not what they are really intended to do and they end up sounding buzzy. Some have complained about RF interference with the use of the FAB pedals (getting radio signals through your amp).  I have had that happen with pedals costing 5x the price of the FAB- particularly when running a long pedal chain.  Based on tone alone, this pedal can overdrive your tube preamp as well as most anything out there under $100.  Check out the YouTube review of this pedal by a guy that goes by 'intheblues'.  I believe he uses a DRRI with a strat, and this pedal sounds GREAT.  If you did a blind test between this pedal and an overdrive costing north of $100 you may be surprised- particularly if your other gear (amp and guitar) are halfway decent.  What I did note though, was that this pedal has a wee bit more gain and a little less treble than my other TS type pedals.  That doesn't make it worse or better- just different.  The 'mid-hump' is actually less pronounced than in a tubescreamer, which is a good thing IMHO.  There are already enough tubescreamer clones on the market!  It will not perform miracles on lousy sounding guitars and amplifiers.  Incidentally, the pedal plays well with other dirt boxes.  Since it isn't true bypass, you will likely get some tone suck if you run a bunch of these in your chain, but if the rest of your pedals have decent bypass you will be fine.  Lest you mistake me for a novice fanboy with no point of reference for my review- I've been playing guitar since 1979 and have used 'vintage' dirt boxes since before they were vintage and overpriced.  I am years past caring about the brand and all about getting good sounds from simple gear.  YMMV-
Great little pedal for a very reasonable cost. This pedal is durable too cause I have owned it for about two years and it has held up great so just because it is a little cheaper does not mean it is not a good pedal. Sounds great too.
This thing sounds great with my tube amps, both with my 2 watt danelectro amp from 1962 with it's 8 inch speaker and my 12 watt excelsior from fender. It has a good range of overdrive levels. It is clearly a vintage style effect that is good for classic rock and dirty lo-fi stuff like The Black Keys, The White Stripes, and garage band like stuff. It is good as a light tone shaper and boost to put a distortion effect into feedback heaven and into total over the top sputtering fuzz. I love mine for the price, and its a good mix up compared to my modded SD-1 and my overdriven tube amps. It's different and just worth having to mess around with. Just be a bit gentle and the thick plastic case and switch will last. Also, the blue LED is very bright. Thats either an annoyance or great. Rock on!
Depending on the amp and guitar you have, this pedal is going to either really be great or be a bummer. It sounds terrific with my fender strat (single coil) Danelectro (lipstick pickups) on my solid state amps, giving them a warm tube like overdrive.It sounds terrible on my tube amp and my vintage silvertone amp, it really sounds aweful with my 1980's Kramer, loaded with humbucker pickups.You'll either love it or hate it! That will decide mostly on the type of guitar and amp you use, it's a different pedal with every combination.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-2 Overdrive effects pedal works great and gives me that soft growl fuzz that works well when playing the blues....  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is &#34; It tends to be a little noisey &#34;  if you turn the gain up too much.  You can get a noise filter to add to you pedal board that will take care of this and any other noise problems you may have.  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
This pedal is remarkable for useful tones. The sound may not be for everyone, but i already have a Boogie for the really metal like distortion. I needed something that was different but still usable, and I feel this pedal fills the bill.  The low price tag didn't hurt my feelings either. This is a win-win buying decision as far as I am concerned.
The FAB overdrive pedal does not work well for me. In fairness to the product, I was aware from reviews that it gives varying results based on guitar and amp. I have a Epiphone Les Paul Special II, with a Fender Frontman 25R amp. No matter how I adjust it, it has a muddy sound. I've heard it used with higher end guitars and amps with very good results. I took a chance based on the low cost, and I do plan to do some upgrades to my guitar. The guitar is new, and has the strings that came with it. I plan to get a better grade immediately, and that may be all I need to get the expected sound. There are several reviews of this product on You Tube. You can do a search there, and hear what it is capable of.
