Needed this cable to hook up my Dean EVO to a practice amp. Can't complain; it's a pretty nice, standard instrument cable that makes my guitar sound clean and loud, which is what I wanted.
These cables are made from top quality components and expertly assembled in the USA.  I had one just like this with the Neutrik connectors (gave away as gift) and now have two with the G&H; Show Saver connector option.  This makes them similar to some boutique cables that cost three times the price.These cables are well-balanced with articulate mids and highs and tight bass.  They are well-shielded, look nice, and handle well.You could pay more for gold plating for slightly better corrosion resistance or for woven coverings to make the wire look cute, if you want to.
This is a cheaply built cable.  It has basic ends, they screw on but seem to come loose and need tightening frequently.  The only truly redeeming feature of this cable is it's tiny length : 3 feet.  I use it with my Honey Tone Belt portable ampDanelectro N10A Honey Tone Mini Amp in Aqua, so the cable has to be short.  The amp is on my belt. I use it, thus, just like Jackson and Cole, reviewers below.  Like Jackson, I have a RISA solid body electric ukulele.Let me say, three feet is short, very short.  If you want to put the amp down on the floor, you'd better be (a) short, and (b) siting right over it, because when you find out how limiting three feet cable really is, you'll recognize that you can only use this for one thing: a portable amp, close to or on your body.I suppose you could use it to connect a couple of guitar pedals and not have too much cable, but them again, most connector cables are even shorter.Glad I have it only for the purpose I intended.  Wish it was heftier, stronger, better looking, like my other guitar cables.
I bought these to replace the cruddy cables that came with an all-in-one guitar/amplifier/etc. kit that finally went bad.Seriously, for the price, these can't be beat. I'd even pay a lot more for them. Don't let the off-brand name put you off. Go ahead and get them - you'll be glad you did.I'm using mine on a Strat straight into the amp, and also through effects pedals, and through both paths they work great: no added hiss or other noise, no pops or cracks, nothing. Perfectly quiet cables that deliver the signal from the guitar at full strength without modification.Get 'em.
I have a home studio and needed extra cables for my three guitars and keyboard. I wanted to have them all plugged in and ready to go without having to switch cables all the time. So, I tried this cable and it works perfectly. Very heavy cord and top quality construction. Can't beat the price either. Will buy again.
Works great, just what I needed to have to walk all over the room. Now I sit in my chair
