Every guitar I've ever cared about has had this strap on it. I must've bought about 10 of these over my lifetime, and I don't regret it even in the slightest.
The DiMarzio strap lock system here is hands down the best strap lock system available.  The Dunlops tend to release if they're bumped, and the Schaller locks can be a bit too bulk for some instruments.  The DiMarzio models are extremely comfortable, easy to install, and very easy to use.
I love these straps.  I have them installed on all of my guitars.  After a Dunlop lock failure, I decided to change over.  Our band's drummer and guitarist both used and recommened these straps so I gave them a chance.  They are amazing, much more comfortable then one of those bulky, heavy leather straps and just as strong.  I was worried that the plastic clips wouldn't hold up, but they do.  I feel 100% secure that my guitar will not fall.  They look good as well and they are easily adjustable.  My transmitter pack slid on with ease and I was ready to go.  A lot of bands I have seen on the road use these straps.I didn't rate these straps 5 stars however, because of a few reasons:1- I play heavy guitars, I was concerned about the screws that came with the straps.  For a standard, lightweight guitar they may be fine, but for say a Gibson, or my Agile Intrepid Pro, I wanted more security.  I took a slighty wider and longer screw than provided, covered it and filled the install hole with epoxy, and drilled it in.  It holds incredible, its NOT coming out now for sure.2- I use the black, white, and blue colors.  They discolor very easily.  Through sweat, dirt, and cigarette smoke, they eventually start to look nasty.  I would suggest going with the black for this reason.3- I put my confidence in these straps 100%, but I wouldn't start doing guitar swings with them.  Its just a plastic clip, and anything can fail.  I've seen guys electrical/duct tape the clips for extra support and they've all been able to get away with swinging their guitars around, but personally I choose to play it safe (as I lost my best guitar to a failed straplock during a spin).All DiMarzio products are incredible. If you want something light and comfy that looks sleek and will keep your guitar protected, I highly suggest these straps.
Works better than straplocks as it doesnt fail like regular straplocks. I'd use it for lightweight guitars. Using this on a les paul will kill your shoulder. I always suggest this strap to "kids" who spin their guitars while on stage. This strap is the industry standard that will save your guitar from damage
Well made product, strong and looks good. I love this strap, try one, you wont be dissapointed. Like always, Dimarzio products, are simply the best.
