This thing doesn't tip over easily, which is perfect for my teen son who isn't all that easy on his equipment. Adjusts easily enough, and the price is perfect.
the base is heavy and you screw the pole to it once you do this they should not be undone or you may damage the tread this makes it incoveniente to carry for mobile dj's. for the price and quality I would buy two other ones.
Excellent value and you know what... It is identical in every way with the Retail store Product! Same made in CHINA product with another no name LOGO stuck to it. Perfect for the Garage Band!
Always good to have a stationary MIc on the floor.  Sometimes it is weet nestled in a drum set or for a singer that might not want to play any instrument but just wants to stand tall... went together perfectly and I really wanted it...Shipping was fast and no problems... thanks
The Base for this thing is a monster! The thing works great, and because of the very strong load the base provides - not the easiest thing to accidentally knock over.
This is a great basic mic stand for live and studio use, although I don't suggest using this and playing guitar. Great for a lead singer or micing drums and acoutuc instruments. it does not come with a mic clip, so you'll need to get one. it's a great deal, buy it!
Bought for home use, bought the musicians gear 13" gooseneck to go along with it for playing guitar while singing. great mic stand for the price.
This is just like any other microphone stand. It works the same and is pretty durable. The weight at the bottom will definitely stop it from falling if someone were to acciddently bump into it...which is great, but could also be bad if you want to carry the stand around a bit. In order to do that you must either support the weight, which can be a pain or unscrew it from the base. Other than that, it's great.
This mic stand is a great value! This stand is very sturdy and it can to adjust to any length needed. I bought a few years back and it's still working amazing till this day. If you're purchasing a mic soon, you will need one of these stands. Just make sure that your mic comes with a shock mount because the stand tends to move a little but other than that, it's a great buy!
There's nothing wrong with this stand, but for the life of me I cannot imagine how a manufacturer could manage to screw up an plain old straight mic stand.
Mic Stands can be a hassle sometimes. This is not one of those. Always works. Adjusts easy. Holds in Place. Great all black look. Built to last and great price as well.
Bought this stand after tripping over the three legged design.  Works great and base is out of your way.  Much less likely to catch your feet on as you move around.
This stand really stands up to the wear and tear of use. It is well made and I would buy it again if needed.
The black mike stand blends in to the background better than silver. It fits standard microphone mounts and has a wire clip to keep the wire from being pulled away from the base.
Not much to say about the mic stand, it's what I expected it to be so thats good and the price was right. NO problems with the seller the product came quickly and everything was in great condition.
Great stand for the price. Threaded fine and it's heavy enough for any mic you've got. there are better out there but it's a good value.
Really great quality item. It was delivered fast and there was no difficulty setting it up. It's durable and I suspect will last me for the rest of my days.
The adjustment screw/handle bit still works after 2 years, and the base is heavy- a cast metal.They look good and the paint lasts- great for a performance space.Now about the title- I used one (I own 2) as a sledge hammer during a band bonding event. The base ended up striking the concrete patio, and a chunk of the base broke off. Not a issue with manufacturer, but don't drop it too hard. Despite the break, the stand still sits upright, and i still use it.nice and cheap.
