Large pedal board plenty of room for all pedals including octaswitch. The included velcro works well for me, I haven't had any pedals fall off yet! Cioks PSU fits underneath with a couple of modifications. I'm careful with my stuff so the soft case suits me fine, I can sling it over my shoulder and carry guitar/amp all at once. Plus it has a large useful pocket on the front of the bag. If you travel a lot the hard case will probably be better though.
This issue with this bad boy is not quality, features, or design. This is a Pedaltrain product, and just like my Pedaltrain 2, this is a well-made, perfectly designed board that does exactly what it claims it will do -it holds 50 freaking pounds of guitar effects stuff. And that, my friends is the problem.I am using a Voodoo Labs 4x4 power supply, but had to also get a Tripplite Isobar, 6 outlet power strip that I drilled into the upper left corner to handle a couple of the extra pedals. I plug that into the wall and then use a homemade 8&#34; iec power plug in the Voodoo. On the pedal I was able to fit 2 Jim Dunlop volume pedals (one is for the looper), a Crybaby Wah, TC Electronic Flashback X4, Sparkbooster, Mojo mojo overdrive, Corona chorus, Hall of Fame Reverb, Ditto looper, and the Shaker vibrato. I also have the MXR flanger, Helicon Harmony pedal for vocals, a Korg tuner and an Electro Harmonix Pulsar tremolo.(I know, I know.)Did I mention this sucker is big? I feel like they should name it the &#34;pedal porch&#34;. Maybe I can put a few potted plants on it.So getting back to the question of whether or not you should get this behemoth, I will ask you, to ask yourself, &#34;Do I really need all these pedals? If the answer is &#34;Hell yes, I deserve them all! I worked hard for them and can now make awesome sounds!!&#34;, then by all means knock yourself out. Just don't get a hernia lugging it around and make sure you book venues with appropriate stage space. No joke.
This is simply one of the best pedal boards out there. It is very well made, resistant, tough and very flexible as you can adapt a wide variety of power suplies and keep your pedals in great shape. Looks good too. I would recommend to get a few roles of power-grip pedalboard velcro as it definetely holds your pedals much better than the 'industrial' velcro included, especially if you have a combination of both regular size (MXR or Boss) and bigger pedals like a Cry Baby or a VOX Satchurator or Time-Machine Reverb. If thinking of purchasing one of these, you would probably have a few thousand dollares invested in pedals, so this would be great for you to keep them protected and organized. Now, if you are on the road for long, I would suggest to get the hard case instead of the soft case. For eventual gigging the soft case is more than ok.
I've owned a couple of Pedaltrain pedal boards. First the PT-2 and now the Pro. I use this to house a Line6 M13, M9, a Korg Pitchblack tuner, Clyde Deluxe Wah and a Boss channel switch. There's plenty of pedal board real estate for all of this and the soft case is incredibly strong and durable. You can imagine my board being VERY heavy, and it is, but the soft case does a great job. The included Velcro keeps the incredibly heavy M9 and M13 securely in place even when I store the pedal board upright/on edge between weekly gigs. There's also a lot of places to use zip ties to clean up your rig. Also comes with a great little bracket that will house the Voodoo Lab and possibly some other pedal power supplies. Pedaltrain makes a great pedal board.
..is all I can say. I got the unit, opened up the softcase and pulled out the nice black powder coated aluminum pedal board and...WOW there is a lot of space on this thing. Do I think the price is fair for a piece of welded aluminum and what is basically a re-branded 'Gator' nylon bag. No. Its over priced considering thats all you get plus some plastic ties and velcro. However, when I factor in the laziness of not wanting to build my own board, suddenly one hundred fifty bucks seems like a decent trade. I was a littel disappointed to see the cheap-o rubber feet, my guess is they will be missing in about 6 months but, I have learned to fix those. Specifically the product is solid as welded aluminum should be and the soft case feels rugged...we'll see. Again, my only gripe is with the price considering there is no other mounting system other than velcro, at least that comes with it, and no intergrated power supply. However, if you need a lot of pedal space (read the dimensions!) and the heft of welded aluminum, this may be the last pedal board you buy. Did I mention this thing is freggin' huge? Minus one star for a little price gouging...
