While I have heard that these devices can be great for recording concerts and have heard some great recordings to back that claim up my review will be focusing on my main use which is podcasting.  After using the Zoom H4N for a few weeks I've found it to be a very versatile tool that should be in any podcaster's arsenal of gear.I mainly use the H4N to record my podcasts using a Allen & Heath ZED14 mixing board.  I usually do a two person podcast where I am in one location and the other person is brought in via Skype.  Using the Aux sends of the board and the 4 track mode of the H4N I can record myself in one channel, the other person in another channel and all of the sound effects and music supplied by my iPad into its own stereo channel.  This makes editing a breeze as everything is on its own track.The sound quality of the H4N is excellent and it is very easy to hook up external microphones to the unit.  You can hook up either two XLR microphones or two 1/4&#34; jack sources (or a combination) to the bottom of the unit and there is one 1/8&#34; input on the back of the unit that will accept a stereo microphone or any line level stereo source.  It's the combination of these that lets me record the podcast onto the 4 separate tracks.The H4N will also let you record using two attached microphones and the internal microphones at the same time as well, which could be useful if you're looking to capture some background noise if you are recording something on location or say to mix the crowd reaction to a soundboard feed.Overall this is a great device for podcasters both in the studio and out in the field, letting you produce high quality recordings in both environments.  Five stars without a doubt.
I purchased the H4n after being unhappy with the H2's performance most significant where I couldn't record a good sounding signal that wasn't distorted with the Line In jack.  Only to find that the H4n has the same problem but not as bad.  If I try to record a line level signal from a sound board or stereo receiver and connect to the H4n's 1/4 inch jacks, it is almost impossible to not to have a distorted signal.  It appears that on both models the line in preamp is too sensitive and clips very easily and because it is clipping in the preamp, adjusting the gain doesn't correct it.  I contacted Zoom's tech support about the H2 and was told that I likely had a defective unit.  I returned the H2 and decided to give Zoom another chance and try the H4n after seeing many positive reviews.I really like the H4n's design, the menus and controls are nicely organized.  It feels more sturdy than the H2.  The recording quality using the built in mics is excellent.  Most other recorders in this price range don't have XLR inputs.  Since I plan to use it mostly for recording concerts by connecting to a line out or tape out on a sound board, if the line in jacks don't work properly and can't accept a normal line level signal without clipping, I can't use this for what I bought it for.  I have used my Sony minidisc recorder for the same type of application for the past 8 years and have never had any problems.  I've worked with pro sound equipment for over 25 years and have used many types of recorders and so far the Zoom products are the only ones where I have encountered this problem.  If you are using this to record with mics, it works great, but if you need to record from line level sources, the Zoom recorders may not be a good choice.  I exchanged this for the Tascam DR-07 and while the Tascam doesn't have as many bells and whistles, It is a nice recorder and I'm very happy with it.
4 stars because I've only used it in stereo mode and Stamina mode. Stamina Mode is supposed to run for 11 hours. Perhaps it does, but if so, it can only be when it is turned on and maybe not even in record mode. No one records 11 hours straight, so I'm guessing that turning it on and off wears the batts down sooner. If not for that, I'd have rated 4 stars. In terms of clarity, flat response and transparency, it is excellent. The Auto Rec level is very smooth and doesn't sound as if has been severely limited and squashed. At rehearsals, before the whole band kicks in, the levels are quite loud, but it comes down quickly and smoothly. In terms of the other features, I cannot comment.
This thing has so many uses its ridiculous.  I mostly use it to record live band rehearsals, and it's pretty amazing at that.  I've also recorded interview audio and most recently used it as a USB interface for my DAW when my other interface went kaput.  If you are using this for film, music, field recording you will be very happy.  Easy to use interface and very well constructed.
Pros:1) records excellent audio through built in mics2) records excellent audio through all the inputs and is very portable and versatile.3) I love the 4 track ability and the effects built in to the device.  I can record multiple things in less time especially when I'm just messing around to get a feel for a song4) comes with a memory card and batteries so it was ready to go out of the box.Cons:1) battery life is weak2) built in mics have to be placed very well so not to pick up other noises and only what you want.
Yes!!!! finally...after reading endless tons of reviews on several types of recorders I hit the nail!!!! Ok..I play in a really LOUD metal band...none of us are record savvy or anything like that...we just want to rehearse and rock the hell out. But we needed a tool to catch band practices and of course remember "that riff" for the next rehearsal. We tried various recorders but always to complicated for just a practice, well the ZOOM H4N changed everything. Simple to use and the quality of the recordings are just....well INCREDIBLE...for such a little thing...no distortion of any kind (just be careful where you place it). I still need to read a lot of the users manual...but take my word...I hate those manuals...I figure how to use it (extremely basic) and just hit the REC button and rock out. Finally when I came back home I plug it into my pc and I was amazed by the quality of the sound...we recorded in 4CH mode with two extra mics...and man....I havent even tried the multi channel mode yet!!!thanks ZOOM...now rocking and basic recording it's how it's supposse to be....SIMPLE AND FUN.cheers!!!
I own both the H1 and H4n and I love them both. The H4n is a great versatile field recorder. I mainly use it to record audio for live event video such as weddings and speaking engagements. The H4n is a work horse. It has a ton of features and records in a number of different formats. I highly recommend purchasing a "furry head" wind screen for the unit as the foam wind screen included is not for out door use.Unlike the H1 design that has a hard protective ring around the microphones, the H4n leaves the microphones exposed in order to capture the purest sound possible in live and studio applications. However, be aware that because of the exposed microphone design the external mics are prone to breaking off if the unit is dropped. I had this happen once. If this happens to you, don't worry. I searched the internet and was able to find several Zoom certified service centers within my general area. I called the closest service center, spoke with a repairman and shipped the H4n off and the mic was replaced under warranty; I didn't pay a dime. I had it shipped off and back in 7 days.All in all the H4n is a great field recorder. I mainly use it in 4 channel mode. 4 Chanel mode allows me to record from both external microphones as well as the two XLR inputs at the same time. In some cases I also use a small 4 Channel Behringer field mixer if I have to run more than 2 lavalier microphones. Running straight from the mixer outputs to the H4n works perfectly.I do suggest some accessories when using the H4n. As I said earlier, purchase a "furry head" wind screen. I use the furry head wind screens every time I record outdoors and they completely eliminate wind noise. I only use 32gb Sandisk SD cards because Sandisk is dependable, I have never ever had one fail in all my years of recording. I record at 48K @ 16bits in .wav format which tends to create a lot of data when at live events so 32gbs is large enough to record over 20hours at that sampling rate. This allows me to keep old audio clips on the card for a while after recording them and is a safety net in case I forget to transfer the audio files along with video when I edit. I also suggest having a DI box on hand in the event you may have to run a line out from someone else's mixer. I have had issues with digital clipping and over saturated sound when running a feed without a DI Box from venue mixers. This has to do with a balance and padding that I am just not going to get into but trust me, a DI box is the simplest and surest fix for these issues. I also suggest getting a small portable mixer in case you have to run more than 2 microphones when at live events. Always be prepared. I use rechargeable Duracell AA batteries and I have never had any issues. Battery life is between 6-8 hours when the unit is left on, and 3-4 hours when left powered on and recording.I do not regret this purchase at all. The H4n is a handy little studio on the go and is very dependable. I highly recommend purchasing one.
Although the big push these days by Samson/Zoom is on behalf of their latest entry, the pint-sized H1, the H2 is still outselling it.  Perhaps for good reason.  Amazon's price has the H2 going for less than a 50% mark-up from the H1, yet only the H2 offers a sound stage as wide as 360 degrees and is almost as portable and easy to slip into a pocket as the H1.  The latter offers the now popular X/Z mic configuration, but they're "fixed" mics. if you wanted to ensure the widest separation, you'd be unable to aim the mics in opposing directions.  Also, the H2 can be set down on a flat surface more securely and is less sensitive to microphonics from touching any part of the machine.  I've owned both machines and have found the construction quality wanting, the SD door broke loose on the HD2, and the on-off switch came loose on the H1.  Both are somewhat tricky to operate, with settings that are not visible in dark places and which nonetheless require agile, accurate, and quick, small fingers.  (Some users are bound to react negatively to the minuscule size of the H1's micro-SDHC storage cards.)  Both are capable of full-bodied, full frequencied high-fidelity audio, but you have to remember to treat them gently.The Zoom Q3 video recorder strikes me as the best built of the bunch, as it's solid metal practically through and through, and the limited settings make it easier to use than either the H1 or H2.  However, I found it impractical to use at a concert where where the included video component distracted the listeners behind me.  Also, with its size and bright-blue color it's anything but a stealth machine.This brings us to the 4th (and most expensive) Zoom, the H4n.  It's the most versatile of the Zooms, not only permitting movement of the mics but the addition of external mics for authentic mixing.  Still, the build quality is not notably superior to the H2, and of the 4 Zooms, it's the fussiest, intended for a user whose willing to take some time to become familiar with its versatile learning curve.  After less than satisfying experiences with the first 3 Zooms, I sent the H4n back in favor of the Sony PCM-50, which is constructed like a Hummer compared to the plastic of the Zooms.  I see that Amazon's description of the Sony is misleading, since the PCM-50 will NOT permit the user to record in MP3 format.  WAV is the only format it offers, which simplifies the recording process, allowing the user to select file size with the software program used during the editing process.  (The only down side is the limited duration of WAV, requiring the user to employ a Sony Sound Stick in addition to the built-in storage.)
Great Recorder on so many levels.I use it for external audio recording for DSLR video.I was surprised by the quality of the built in stereo mics.Dinged it one star because the display and menu system is terrible.Not intuitive and too many steps to get into changing or checking some basic functions.Something I will have to get used to.
Overall, as with most Zoom products, this unit is a winner and cannot be touched by it's competition in it's price category except for perhaps the Olympus LS11 which is cheaper but the Zoom has a ton more features.Build quality is good, features are good (the only unit in it's price range to have combi XLR / 1/4" TRS inputs) and it records to a high quality.However, I think Zoom almost went too far with features and perhaps they could have focused more on making it THE BEST digital recorder under a grand and making it a great USB digital interface instead of spending money on the 4 track feature and all the built in effects and other fluff that works O.K. but is much more easily realized in a simple digital 4 track recorder (e.g a Tascam PocketStudio)The manual is a farse in Japanese /English translation and any person that does not have experience with recording devices like this might really struggle to learn how to use this unit (although it's fairly intuitive to operate if one is familiar with such devices - I gave up on the manual and just dug around in the menus, but the unit is still a little 'fiddly' to operate in advanced modes.My last comment is in regards to the H4n as a USB interface. I have played with it a bit and so far it does not make a good interface. First of all it is only 16 bit and I can only get it to work with MME drivers. I have read that there are some ASIO drivers available for Windows 7 but I use XP. I may try to use ASIO4all but it is still only 16 bit and therefore not much use for serious interface work. There is a direct monitor function but there still seems to be some timing issues when multitracking with a DAW software (I have only tried it with Cakewalk Sonar). I had hoped to use it with my laptop as a portable interface but sadly I can't seeing it being of much use in this regard.However, overall the unit is stellar and I highly recommend it.PS. I read some folks having issues with line inputs (e.g. recording a stereo mix from a mixer). I personally don't see the problem, the inputs are designed to accept a variety of signal types. If it is not working for your situation one can always use a TRS Hi Z unbalanced to XLR Low Z balanced converter, available at Radio Shack for around 20 bucks.
