Very nice product and fits well and good quality. It's held up to my daughters abuse and recommend to everyone.
When playing an electric &#34;bodyless&#34; violin, that hurts the collar bone.  You MUST have one of these.  It changed the whole way I play now.
I bought this to go with my Cecilio 4/4 electric violin, and it fits perfectly.  It is not too tight, nor too loose.  It is very well made.  This shoulder rest is very comfortable, and really helps get the right playing angle.
I am not an avid player but it fits good and for the price you can not beat it.  I thought it would not be as good but wow my surprise to it and the fit I have a 4/4 Violin I think handed down from my ggggrandfather the violin is so old can hardly tell what kind it is someone once told me it was one of those stratovariouses tempted to throw it out a couple of times but it is sentimental since it came from and handed down through the family, should just pitch the thing but now I do have a nice shoulder comforter.  Will definitely keep the shoulder thing even if I do pitch the violin for a nice shiney new one.
This shoulder rest is sturdy and remarkably easy to install on the fiddle. No adjustment is required once it is set for the instrument's size (3/4 or 4/4 -- arrived set for 4/4). It simply snaps on to the outer rim of the back, and the rubber feet keep it in place. Good value for the price.
This does work as described.  It arrives without any instructions whatsoever but its fairly obvious to figure out.  The reason I only gave it two stars however is because I find it so uncomfortable!  Its quite hard on your collarbone.  I have added foam to it and now it works well, but I suspect one might be better just buying a foam one in the first place.
Everest EZ Series Shoulder Rest for 4/4 Violin is very good deal, if you are learning to play a violin.It helps you to keep the violin in right position all the time.
I didn't use this a lot because it was a little uncomfortable. But is a well made product if you use it for what it's for.
I am extremely happy with this product. I own several shoulder rests, and this quickly became my favorite and stays on my favorite violin. I have no problem whatsoever keeping it on the violin as long as it's in the proper position. The adjustability is a key factor, and I can turn one side low and the other side higher for a highly customized fit. The padding is also excellent and comfortable. A top-quality product.
