Guitarists have become a bunch of cork-sniffers. There are so many players more concerned with the name on the headstock of their guitar and their amp and the endless "boutique" pedals in their collections that many seem unable or unwilling to give a listen to "stock" gear, or anything that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.The fact is that if you're a gigging musician, and I am, you come to realize that all those subtle, detailed nuances of tone that so many want to obsess over get lost in the band mix, and in the poor acoustics of wherever you're playing.  Yes, we want to sound good to ourselves because that's inspiring, but frankly, I don't need $200+ dollar distortion/OD pedals to be inspired.I haven't owned a DS-1 in a long time, but recently got one because I was looking for a distortion pedal on a budget.  Frankly, I'd forgotten how musical this pedal is.  With the distortion set to minimum (it never gets clean) it's a good, moderate-gain overdrive that still lets your guitar's basic tone get through.  I play a strat & and jazzmaster - those guitars still sound like themselves with this thing.  With the gain at halfway you get great AD/DC crunch.  And even with the gain maxed out you still get excellent note definition on chords.  What more could you want?  Sure, it's "old school" rock distortion. The usual "may not appeal to metalheads" caveat applies, maybe. Combine this with an eq and you could scoop the mids as much as you want.I also have a Barber LTD (great, relatively cheap "boutique" moderate gain OD that doesn't break the bank) and a Visual Sound Route 66, which is a tubescreamer clone (with much more gain) and a compressor in one pedal.  Both the LTD & Rt 66 have the usual TS9 midrange hump, though much less pronounced on the LTD.  What's refreshing about the DS-1 is that the strong mids are there, but the overall tone is not in the same realm as a tubescreamer, so it can sit well on a pedalboard and bring a different flavor to the party.  The tone on the DS-1 can get very bright, but as I indicated I play with single coils, and I have no problem finding sweet spots on the tone knob - I generally run it around 9-10:00.Overall this pedal is a steal - look around and find a used one for a good price. I'd considered a modtone Speedbox, but decided to go with the generally bulletproof Boss instead, for basically the same price.  I couldn't be happier.
Think of this as an artist's tool.  And for every job there is the 'right' tool.  Is this the best distortion pedal?  That really depends on what sound you are trying to get and what other gear/technique you are using with it.  If you are using bad gear or poor technique it will not perform miracles.  It will not make your 15 watt solid state Ibanez Soundblaster amp sound like a raging Orange Rockerverb and it will not make single coils sound like EMG 81/85s.  But arguing over what pedal is 'best' is like two painters arguing over what color is best used to paint a sunrise.  This pedal is good for a tight kind of distortion- but not so heavy that you can do modern metal if running into a clean amp - if that makes any sense. It it doesn't make sense, there are ample Youtube reviews you can check out before pulling the trigger.  It has been used by professional players like Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, and Kurt Cobain. It is a professional pedal used by professional musicians.  It's built like a brick and durable as all get-out.  I found mine used for $20, but the new asking price is fair. I would like to see Boss start using true bypass instead of the buffered bypass they use, but admittedly I don't detect any tonesuck with it.  I've run mine into a tube amp on the verge of breakup and it can really get things cooking.  It also takes an overdrive or sustainer pretty well to bump the gain and get some singing leads.  With the exception of 'modeler' type pedals from companies like Tech 21, I do not think that any dirtboxes- this included- perform optimally when run into a solid state amp.  So if you are not happy with the way it is distorting your Marshall MG, the problem is in your amp.
I have had this pedal for about 15 years, just replaced the old one a month ago. It distorts sound, not quite the way you would imagine though. This effect sounds really good through a fat cab or a larger amp that can let the cabinet give the tone a little color. I use it through a Epiphone Valve Jr and a Marshall 2x12 stack with JTM45 on top and its fine. This thing through a Champ or smaller amp will not give you the meat you are probably looking for without a EQ pedal.This does just what it says it does. One Volume knob, one tone, and one distortion knob. CRANK IT.
This pedal is a must have for any pedal board. I love the overdriven sound of this pedal in that it has a distortion element but not so distorted single notes are lost in the fray. Thirty some odd years and counting and still one of the best.
This was the first pedal I ever bought when I started playing guitar 15 years ago.  It's still in my primary set up!  The sound it puts out is very balanced:  you can get a subtle overdrive-like sound out of it, or a high-gain hard rock/80's metal sound out of it.  For those looking for insane crunch, this isn't for you.  Anyone that wants a nice, versatile pedal, this IS the one you want!
This is a cheap piece of junk that does what it says, it distorts, You want something to make your guitar sound like junk, this will do it. Why pedals that make your guitar sound like a piece of junk are the most popular is beyond me. This is not a boutique Distortion pedal like Hendrix would use. Boutique and distortion are an oxymoron.These things are built with heavy metal, it should last, I kinda hope it doesn't(just kidding), you want distortion, you got distortion
This is a distortion pedal. It will give your amp a boost for solos and turn a clean amp into a dirty girl. It's pretty harsh in tone - kind of a white noise distortion. The DS-1 DOES NOT warm up the tone in your amp. You can dial the tone in, but it's a pretty harsh sounding.That said - the DS-1 does exactly what I wanted it to. My amp gives me a nice warm crunch, classic rock style. The DS-1 gives me the 80's metal and punk rock sound I wanted, and it does so flawlessly.It took me about 5 minutes of tinkering to get a nice transition from my amp to a matching tone on the DS-1. It's BOSS, so it will last forever.Th only drawback is that it's an item that is currently cheaper elsewhere. Usually Amazon catches up with that sort of thing, but word to the wise, don't pay more than $40 new for this thing.
I find that if I play this pedal along with my Boss Super Chorus pedal, my guitar with Tex-Mex pickups captures a lot Gilmour's sound tonality.
This pedal has been on the market for a very long time and it was a smoking deal for a Boss pedal at $40. The pedal works great with almost any guitar pickup set but sings with my EMG powered Schecter and tube amp.Different distortion levels can be dialed in and to my surprise, it works good with a bass although bass players know they will lose some bottom end.The guitar universe always raves about Boss and the distortion pedals and how any guitar player should have one of the distortion pedals. Buy it and experiment with the gain and settings and find your favorite tone.I may buy another one and mod it to use with my bass.
From Greg Abrams review, entitled "For all but the tone snobs," a review further down on this product's page:"Alright, so you want to get a good (if somewhat "basic") distortion sound for less than $100? This is your deal."I strongly disagree.  You can find MUCH BETTER distortions for $100 or less, even a few near or under the $40 mark the DS-1 is currently priced at.I've played guitar for over 10 years.  Like many people one of my first pedal purchases was the DS-1.  Afterall, everyone talks about them, they're available at any given music store in the nation, you hear about all these famous musicians using them, plus a DS-1 is actually pretty cheap!  So I snapped one up just like everyone else.  Come to find out that just because something is POPULAR, that doesn't always mean its GOOD (see: Nickelback, the Transformers movie franchise, the Kardashian family, etc...).So I plugged it in and didn't really care for it.  The distortion was harsh, thin, artificial sounding and always noisy.  I tried it on both my amps (My practic amp: a solid state Fender Frontman 25R, and my big amp, the B-52 AT100, which is a 100w tube halfstack) It was was not very diverse, and the basic sound was not very likeable to me.  I've read the Japanese made DS-1's are better in sound than the newer, made in Taiwan models but, either way, the DS-1 is just not a great pedal in my mind.But, like many newer players, I didn't know any better at the time.  Fast forward a few years and I've bought and sold literally dozens of pedals.  There is a whole world of great tones to be found out there if you keep your eyes open.So here are some pedals I currently own that I like much better than the DS-1.  All of them are great general purpose distortions, easy enough to find new and used in most guitar shops, and can, at the time of this writing, be bought brand new for $75 or less here on good ol' Amazon.com, and are rugged enough to last for years:Boss DS-2 Turbo Distortion:  Lest I catch any flames from people thinking I'm a Boss hater (I'm certainly not, I loved the TU-3, the ODB-3, the MD-2, and the XT-2, among others) I'll start with the DS-1's big brother.  This pedal has a much nicer tone to it, not to mention 2 distinct distortion modes.  The I setting is pretty much a higher quality DS-1, the II setting is a brighter, richer tone.  As the DS-1 completely overshadows the DS-2 in popularity, you can find DS-2's all over ebay for very cheap prices.  A very worthy pedal, unfortunately overlooked by many.Pro Co RAT2:  Great dirty distortion pedal.  Probably my personal favorite.  You've heard this box used on literally hundreds if not thousands of songs in the last 30 years, its used by just a ridiculous amount of guitarists.  Its a rich, full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy.  I've never heard a bad tone out of mine. Its great for getting a "big amp" kind of sound out of a small practice amp.  Its also great for pushing a big amp with too much headroom into the overdriven sweet spot without having to crank the amp volume.  A truly excellent pedal.EHX Little Big Muff:  The Big Muff is another pedal you've heard on hundreds of songs.  Its kind of a fuzz, kind of a distortion, but definitely owns its own sonic territory.  Very big, saturated and warm.  Used heavily in the 70's for classic rock tones, also in the 90's and beyond for tons of grunge and garage.  Used by everyone from Carlos Santana and David Gilmour to the Smashing Pumpkins, Dinosaur Jr. and Jack White.  I personally reccomend the Little Big Muff, not only is it a touch creamier in tone than the recent NYC reissue, its smaller, uses a regular 9v adapter and its CHEAPER!  A great pedal.MXR Distortion +:  The Distortion + is a great first distortion, and can usually be found pretty cheap.  Whats nice about the Distortion + is that it sounds great on anything, and the lack of a tone knob helps keep it somewhat transparent, i.e. you can more easily hear the natural tone of your guitar and amp, it doesn't cover over your equipments sound.  Used by quite a few famous folks, including the Greatful Deads Jerry Garcia, Randy Rhoads (Ozzy's famous guitarist) and Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols.Danelectro CM-1 Cool Cat Metal:  Make sure you get the Cool Cat Metal, NOT the Metal II.  That's a fine pedal as well, but its definitely more of a traditional metal pedal.  The Cool Cat Metal, or CM-1, is actually a very very different pedal from most metal pedals.  Basically, its a pre-amp that sits on the floor.  It has a fully adjustable EQ with tons of volume and gain through the roof.  So you can do anything from a clean boost (with the gain at minimum there is virtually NO coloration to your tone) to high gain metal stuff, with plenty of great overdrive and rock tones in between.  It works well with any amp I've tried it on, and you can find tons of great sounds.  Its an unbelievably versatile pedal, and its even true bypass.  The best part is, Danelectro seems to have made way too many of them, so you can easily find one used or even new for under $30.  A true hidden gem that's actually CHEAPER than a DS-1.Joyo JF-03 Crunch Distortion:  This little guy surprised me.  Its supposedly a clone of the MI Audio Crunch Box, and, if so, that must be one awesome pedal too.  Its essentially a Marshall stack in a box, and boy does it ever succeed at that.  Great crunch, tons of volume and gain, it really can make your practice amp sound like a big ragin' stack!  It even sounded good going into my modeling amp (very few pedals work well with my modeling amp, and this one even sounded better than the Marshall simualtion built in), and you can get a brand new one for $40 shipped, fantastic!Speaking of Joyo, I've had a few of their pedals as well as one or two from MOEN, another Chinese pedal maker, and I'm honestly floored by how nice they sound given their shockingly low price tag (especially theMOEN MO-FM Fuzz Moowhich honestly out Big Muffs every Big Muff I've ever played through).  So JOYO and MOEN, they both make a variety of great sounding fuzz, od, and dirt pedals, check them out (and before anyone gets all up in arms about supporting a Chinese company, please keep in mind that NONE of the pedals listed in my review, DS-1 included, are made in America, let alone the western hemisphere).Hopefully these suggestions give you something to look for.  Also, if you can't actually try a pedal out at the store, YouTube is great place to hear demos of what different pedals can do.I should also mention that if you try and love the DS-1 and it suits your needs, than more power to you.  Tone is subjective, every pedal sounds different running through different guitars and amps, and just because I may share different opinions on something that you love, that's okay.  My main reason for posting this lengthy review is to give newer players some information.  You have PLENTY of options for distortion pedals, the DS-1 is NOT the only thing out there that's affordable.  Find something you truly love and buy that.  If its the DS-1, one of the pedals I've mentioned here, or anything else, the important part is that it sounds right to YOU.
Here's the deal with this pedal. It is inexpensive and you can get a better pedal with barely a bit more money and sometimes a little less money. In my opinion, for spending less than $100 for a distortion pedal, whether it is your first pedal or 700th pedal, a few more bucks will get you the MXR Badass distortion which has a much crisper tone to it.
This is a little more expensive than some other brands, but i think it sounds great and it's way more durable than a plastic pedal.I'm pretty new to electric guitar so i'm not really a distortion and tone expert like some other reviewers.  To me this this sounds better and is easier to adjust than my modeling amp, so I think it's a good purchase.
This is the best deal ever my first pedal was a zoom 505 gfx and it was really electronic and synthesized sounding alot of echos and stuff. Honestly the best effect it held was the phaser/jet pipe effect. I got this today and man it sounds so crisp clean and evenly distorted. It does the job distortion and sustain best buy for a best price!! bodow!!! from Trinidad!!
This pedal has been around for a long time, and though the overall quality has declined as Boss has cut corners to enable lower priced mass production of their pedals, the boss ds-1 remains the staple image of distortion stompbox's. The ds-1 is a no-frills tank of a pedal; it was designed to withstand a direct nuclear blast as well as Michael Moore stepping on it, so you know it can take any amount of punishment you might care to give it.This pedal doesn't replicate any type of amplifier-it's not a "Marshall-in-a-box, or a mesa boogie, or a vox, or a Fender; from a tonal aspect it isn't complex or dynamic. It will add plenty of grind to your tone, and plenty of hum to go with it. If you're looking for your first distortion pedal to use with your 15-watt practice amp, look no further. If you have a decent tube amp, look elsewhere, because with this pedal, you get what you pay for, and it simply will not do a quality amp justice.Pros: Inexpensive, good build quality, distorts your signal.Cons: Lots of hum, the tone control gets really shrill really fast.Without the excessive hum and almost-unusable tone control, this would get 4 stars.
I love these pedals. Inexpensive to purchase - easy to mod to your liking.This pedal received the gain and JCM mod.I will purchase more of these and will mod each and every one of them.This pedal is also good stock for a lead boost. Love this pedal.
There's some element of nostalgia with the DS-1 that I've just never understood.  I know they're cheap.  I know they're incredibly durable (as are all BOSS pedals).  I know everybody had one or tried one at some point, and Kurt Cobain (apparently) used them with his Fenders.But I also know that I've almost never been happy with the tone I get when I step on the pedal.  It's incredibly thin and harsh, and lacks proper sustain, even cranked all the way.  I've used it on Marshall solid state amps and Vox tube amps.  Fender single coil pickups and guitars with humbuckers.  You can mess with the TONE and DIST dials all you want, but there has to be dozens of other affordable pedals, and even on-amp distortion, with a richer, deeper tone.Coincidentally, I also used the BOSS OS2 Overdrive/Distortion for many years, which is supposedly merges/blends a DS-1 with an OD-1.  That pedal isn't ideal either, but if I turn the knob all the way to "distortion", it's a much better tone than I ever got out of a DS-1.Then again, it is very dependable and usually only $40 (or less), so I can't really give it a bad review because it probably does belong in everyone's collection.  That just doesn't mean you'll want to use it all the time.
... it's a very generic-sounding distortion and is not really useful for much beyond a lead boost into an already distorted amp.  The same is true of many of the pedals from this era, including the (gasp!) Tube Screamer.  The Tube Screamer is a great lead boost into an already distorted amp, but not too many people will tell you that it's a great stand-alone distortion because it's not.  Same goes for the Boss DS-1.  Now, here's where things get interesting:  There are PLENTY of modifications that can be done to this pedal by Keely, Monte Allums, and others, that turn this otherwise mediocre pedal into a raging beast, dripping with tone and gain that sings for weeks.  For the cost of this pedal, and the $30 or so that it costs to get the materials for a mod, are well worth it.  Mine is modified with the Monte Allums Tri-Gain Rectifier modification and it's absolutely killer.  I use it as a lead boost, but by itself it's a nice overdriven tone that you'll find plenty of use for.  If you want a basic, solid, well-built distortion pedal, this is it - but by itself the Boss DS-1 is really nothing special.  But as a platform for great-sounding mods, you can't go wrong.
I know, I know, many people hate on this pedal, calling it &#34;stale&#34;, and &#34;generic&#34;. The problem that they have is that they simply haven't found the right settings on the pedal and the amp, because, after all, the settings on both the amp, and the pedal do make a difference. One thing to note is that it is a bit on the quiet side in my opinion. I have a Digitech Bad Monkey, and I set the level on that to 2 so it matches up with the amp. With this pedal, I have to crank the level to make the clean tone the same level as the distorted tone.
This is an excellent distortion pedal for people who want a traditional rock sound. I use it with a Fender Mustang amp and an Ibanez guitar with good humbucking pickups. It's very easy to use and rugged. If you play metal, you might want to get the HardWire TL-2 instead; that pedal delivers more distortion (an insane amount, if necessary) and more tone control, but it's also more expensive. But you can easily boost the distortion achieved by the DS-1 by using it with your amp on an overdriven setting. The DS-1 is an excellent general purpose distortion pedal. I don't know of any other that achieves this level of quality in the same price-range.
First off I am no expert on these things but I can tell you in the brief period in which I have owned my DS-1 I have enjoyed playing/practicing a lot more with this pedal.  I have a Fender wannabe guitar, and a Fender Sidekick 10 which means my gear isn't the best but the pedal produces a wide variety of distortion and tone changes which keeps me interested.  I am having so much fun that I don't even notice my fingers hurt anymore.  Honestly, this is an essential buy when starting out along with headphones and a cord extension so the police don't come a knockin.(update Sept 2012)It is a year later and I have a much better guitar and amp and a lot more knowledge.  I am glad I got the DS-1 but for other reasons.  Sure it made me enjoy playing and practicing a lot more but I soon found the sound was off considering I like more blue and classic rock.  Again for the money I dont think you can beat it but more importantly when you have a few buck you can send it out for modification from Keeley.  Initially I had wished I went with and overdrive (OCD or Boss OD-3) but with the mod done by Keeley I have a super flexible pedal that cover just about all the sounds I need.  In closing, spend the $40 buck and get this....and then when you start wishing it could do more send it off to be modified and you will thank yourself later.
