I tried these on my 2008 Talyor GA4e and the sound was just a bit to bright.  The heavier bass strings didn't really add the bassy sound I was hoping for just more of a thud.  YMMV.
Clean and clear sound. Great for strumming and using a pick but a little soft for finger picking. I prefer a string with a little more volume.  They tune well and hold a tune well.
I usually use "extra-lights" because my fingers are wimps, I like the bottom E to go down to a small .010. I have heard though, that you get more oomph, bass, and it is better for recording to use heavier gauge strings; so I decided to try and start using lights and mediums instead. Also, I finally bought my first Martin (Woo Hoo!) and researched strings for it, and I read a comment from one person who said the lights would have slight buzz, and the mediums put too much pressure on the neck and he said the "Light- Mediums" were a happy medium and a good balance.When I got my Martin D15 M, I cleaned it up, and then restrung it with a set of these "Light -Mediums". At first my fingertips protested and got real sore real fast; but that is because I am adding .025 width to the E string (.010 to .0125) ouch!  I  just have to build up my callouses, which will take a few weeks of torture, ugh. But, the sound is AWESOME. Part of it is the Martin guitar of course, but these strings, when I hit the G chord, ring out with a deep, warm and long-sustaining bass thump. You feel it in your chest when you hit the bass strings, the 6th, 5th and 4th.  The treble strings bend pretty easily. No buzzing. They have no coating , so they SQUEAK like hell. (TIP: I put a molecule or 2 of hand lotion on my fingertips 15 minutes prior to playing and it helps keep the squeak down) These strings are great, I recommend them. I will try and update my review 3 months from now and let you know about their longevity, etc.
Tried these on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are basic standard traditional strings. They sound good, they are light weight. On this guitar they sound a bit too bright. My preference is to use Elixirs, prefer the feel and sound on this guitar (Elixir PolyWeb Acoustic Guitar Strings (Light)).These strings do not last less time than the Elixirs. Mostly fresh strings sound good on a guitar. Some people like a brand new set before every gig, others will go weeks or months before changing. If you are an every gig person, well the Martin set is probably perfect for you - they are much less expensive than others. Leaving strings in for an extended period - Elixirs or other coated strings are probably a better idea.There is no such thing as a perfect guitar string for every guitar. The choice is all about your personal preference and the guitar you play. I think the Martins are a very good value in a standard traditional style. So for the price, these are an excellent value.
Crikey, where to begin. Firstly, I hated the fact that they package two strings to a paper packet. Secondly, they mismarked one of the packets, so it appeared I had two &#34;D&#34; strings, instead of two &#34;E&#34; strings. Lastly, and certainly the least favorably, once tuned up, the strings sounded terrible! They were tinny and clangy sounding. I've never heard worse strings. Fortunately, I had bought a package of Ernie Ball Earthwood med. light, as well. I replaced the godawful Martins with the Ernie Ball's and they were far, far better! Shame on Martin for such a piss poor product. I'll never buy their strings again.
I would definitely buy these strings again.  They are high quality, great durablity and a great price.  The Martin name is synonymous with quality.
I like these even better than the Martin Custom Lights. They give off such a warm tone, and are holding up very well.
After reading all the great reviews, I moved to these Light/Medium strings from the light gauge. They do sound much better and have a better tone than the light gauge. However, I noticed one thing that has driven me crazy. Finger slides are much harder with these strings. The lower strings (E, A G) just don't slide as easily until there is some buildup in them. As a result my fingers get out of position and don't hit clear notes until I've slid those areas a couple of times. That's probably due to the oil and other nasties build up in the strings or me just getting used to them. The packaging was also a bit confusing. Since there are two strings to an envelope, it seems I too easily get the strings reversed on set up. Other string makers I have tried, color coded their strings and it made it much easier to string up. Overall good strings and I'll probably buy them again.
By definition, medium is an in between size. But when it comes to guitar strings, most of the range goes from extra light to medium. On that scale, these strings would be above a literal medium. For me, the guitar is not an everyday instrument. I don't typically spend five hours a day with one, and sometimes go weeks without picking one up. But I do have periods where I will spend many hours a day playing and don't want something that will kill me.Medium in the guitar string sense of the word is too much for me. Light and custom light are easier to play, but can make a higher end Martin guitar sound like one closer to the bottom of the line. For me, these light-medium are exactly where I want my strings to be.If you like Martin's medium, find them a bit much at times, but find that you give up too much when you play much lighter ones, you may find that these are a great choice. I don't feel I am missing anything compared to the Medium. If I had two identical guitars with new strings of each type, I would probably find differences in a side by side comparison. But without that, I don't think I'd notice the difference with normal listening. With the lighter varieties, that would be far from true.If Martin extra light and light were the skim milk and 1% milk of strings, these light-medium would be the 2% that came along for people who wanted something lighter but still came close to the whole milk taste.
love these strings, but I have always been and still am a fan of Ernie Ball, they just sound better, bend easier and have a longer life span, but Martin are very good too, I just prefer Ernie Ball, but they were sold out and I needed strings fast.
