I bought this to replace a Behringer UCA202. The Behringer performs very well for my use (guitar in a home studio), but recently it's become way too sensitive to interference; I was getting noise from the nearby cable modem / router / network drives. This noise was making its way to my recordings too :-(For what ended up being less than twice the price of the Behringer I decided to try this unit. Not only is it interference-free, it has a much warmer, intimate sound.It's USB powered, installs automatically in about a minute under Win7 with no issues. I did go to the Lexicon website and get their driver, though, just to be on the safe side.REAPER had new entries for the device in the  audio settings panel (ASIO! :-) ). Everything just works great, first time. I was even able to remove my little mixer from my entire setup thanks to the zero-latency monitoring on the device :-)Great unit. I love the Behringer, but this thing kicks it in the tail.
The hardware works as advertised and is easy to operate.  Make sure you have a good microphone to use with it.  The Cubase software also works well but the user interface and instructions are more complex that you might wish for.  That seems to be a common problem with music recording programs I've seen - heavy reliance on technical jargon that may be unfamiliar to the typical amateur singer/guitarist.  This should come with a good &#34;how-to-use&#34; course that helps the user learn the jargon and common applications.
The Alpha is a great little interface. It accepts 2 inputs with 2 outputs going into your computer. It's powered via the USB. The &#34;mix&#34; knob is a nice feature, allowing you to hear your input more or less prominently within the playback mix without affecting the input to the DAW. I'm using cakewalk's Music Creator 6 Touch so I didn't bother to load the LE software it came with. I like cakewalk's software better anyways (just my preference). Some reviewers have commented on hearing a hiss from the unit while recording. I haven't had a problem with this. It is extremely silent save any noise I would generate anyway from my rig. All in all I feel this is a great product and definitely worth the money.
This a solid performing unit at this price point.  I've been using this alongside my laptop for as long as I remember and it works the same as the day I bought it.  The two line instrument and microphone inputs make this perfect for a beginner or anyone needing a budget interface that works and is easy to use.My only negative criticism would be the plastic feels a little cheap.  But this is still a great USB interface for anyone who absolutely cannot spend any more than $60.
I am using it to record my garage band's demo to get us more gigs. I have been a gigging musician for over 20 years. Had it a few days and with in a half hour after opening it, I had two guitar tracks, a bass track, and drums tracks (from garageband) all laid down. Easy to plug in, I am using it with a MacBookPro and garageband. Very quality recordings so far. Like it so far.Edit- Put down some vocals with a cheap shure mic (pg-48) used fx from garageband and got a nice vocal track, easy to layer over harmonies. Still have yet to mic up a drum kit...Still enjoying the product, still amazed at the ease of use. Did try to install software on a PC with Vista, no luck.Edit - Mic'd up a drum kit into a mixer, lined it out to this interface, I then mixed the drum mics with the mixer. You can record the drums as a single track so once they're recorded you can not mix them individually (ie. snare, kick and so on). I do get very quality recordings with it set up this way. I am sure a recording engineer could give me better ideas on how to get more out of it, but as for now, I am very pleased.
I bought this to work with my 9 year old son. This will do many cool things, although I am not ready to turn him loose with it yet. I have had difficulty finding the autherision code for the included software. I have been using Audacity which is a free download. I would pay the price again in a hartbeat.
