These strings sound amazing. They also last for a really long time and keep sounding amazing. I get better harmonics with these strings as well.
I tend to sweat when I play, so coated strings are a necessity for me.  These are as good as any coated string on the market, I prefer the thinner coating and super light strings.  Everyone has their preferences so you should try a few different gauges and manufacturers until you find your favorite string. These provide an nice smooth feel while providing excellent tone and they last reasonably well.  Of course that depends on your playing style and how much your fingers sweat when you play!  Oh, and do yourself a favor and store your guitars in their cases when you are not playing them.  The guitar and the strings will last longer and thank you for it.
These do not last as long as they say they do but they do last longer than most strings.  I like them.
sorry i noticed no difference i believe the price was really good for all the hype they put into these strings
I tried these not knowing what to expect, and have been very pleasantly surprised. I tend to have sweaty hands, and my guitar strings get a lot of crud on them and then eventually rust. Although I have learned now to wipe them down each time I play, they still deteriorate pretty quickly, and it's a pain. When I wipe them down with a cloth, they leave black streaks of crud on the cloth.The Elixirs are not as bright as other strings when you first put them on -- that is true. However, other strings lose their brightness after just a few hours of playing, so I don't see this as a major disadvantage. The advantage is that these strings get very little crud on them. When I wipe them down, there's nothing on the cloth! I've even stopped wiping my strings down as carefully.So for a player like me, these are a godsend. I don't detect any loss of tone. They are a bit slippery, and some people have reported having trouble because of this, but it's fine for me.Definitely they're worth a try. Although they're twice as expensive as regular strings, they'll last longer, so they're worth checking out! Ernie Ball makes titanium coated strings that I'm interested in trying out, and there are some other brands, too.
These strings have great tone and feel.  They seem to maintain the tone and quality for a long period of time.
if you like this guage you'd like these.. I just tried them, just to try.. but I've confirmed I like heavier gauges.
