It would be improper for me to claim that these FIT Stratocasters, because I have a Stratocaster remake and I drilled new holes for a Stratocaster pickguard to get the screws in. What I can say is that the packaging is nice and doesn't seem cheapo (surprised it didn't come all scattered in an envelope or in a ziplock bag) the size of the screws was right, the dark chrome finish on the screws is pretty slick, and it came with more than enough to install a Stratocaster pickguard. I'm sure the screws are the right length to fit authentic Stratocasters anyways.
These screws are not a shiny chrome, so they worked perfectly for my pearl pickguard and black Fender Strat body. They are good quality screws.
I have replaced my old tarnished screws with these. They fit great and plenty of screws. I am going to replace all my old screws with these.
Fender guitars are made for tinkering -- they are basically just lumber assembled with wood screws. At any given time I have a Fender guitar taken apart, and these little finishing screws replace the pickguard screws I inevitably lose. Don't get me wrong -- I am a die-hard Fenderista, but you gotta admit they are manufactured objects, not fine examples of the luthier's art. That's what makes them so much fun to play and modify.
I bought these because I am constantly loosing screws when I change pickguards or do new builds.These are exactly what the doctor ordered.  Original equipment so they're the right screws,  A must have for every guitarist, no matter what brand you own as they work on everything.These are well made and don't strip when screwing in for the first time.  If it's a new project, always drill pilot holes anyway.  I am so glad I bought these, one by one they are being used...almost time to order another set.I store them in a little sandwich bag.  5 stars
They have slightly more of a nickel finish than chrome and look way better, and they give u some spares.
these Fender pickguard screws are excellent, they work well with any project you may be doing at the moment, I replaced these with the squier standard screws on my strat and they're much better than the ones you get on the squier guitars made better and with a small screw face the keep your axe looking excellent
Pretty disappointed in the color. As the review title indicates, what I received is more of a 'black chrome' or dingy stainless color. These are simply not going to work with the MOTS pickguard I purchased them for. Perhaps they would blend in better on a black, black pearl or tort pickguard.I ordered another package from another vendor and got the same result. Perhaps it is a large factory shipment that is 'bad'. Some are very dull looking. Very disappointing, really.
OK, so they are just screws....... but a quality replacement for ones for the rusting one!!!  And it is fender licensed!
These are the original, perfect fit on my american deluxe strat, so durable I got them for a while and they are still brilliant and making my guitar looking beautiful :D good stuff!
You get more than enough screws to install a front pickguard and a tremolo on your Stratocaster, however this lacks the two longer screws near the bridge on the front pickguard. Other than the two missing screws, this hardware is a great replacement for any missing or oxidized hardware on your Stratocaster.
They work no issues handy to have on hand. Dont know what else to say they are screws they fasten thongs in place
Old screws rust, and often when presented with a new pick guard there are 11 instead of 8 holes for attachment. This package neatly solved the easthetic and necessary matching finish of the guitar. Also good for lost attachment screws on the back of the guitar and for tuning mechanisms.
I guess they are just screws, but they seem to be good quality.  Worth a little extra for the Fender quality I suppose.
What can I say they are srews and they held my pickgaurd in place. they fit in the factory hole without a problem. nothing fancy they just work.
What can I say? Fits perfectly for a pickguard on a Fender style guitar. You could probably find them at a  cheap hardware store, but I was too lazy to go looking.
Normal pickguard screws, nothing special here. You do get a nice amount for the money, though, so this is still a good, if not great, deal. Good to buy for stocking up with, just don't expect anything special because of the Fender name.
Pickguard screws. The screws are not very tough and you have to be gentle with them so that the screwdriver doesn't bugger up the heads. They are not high enough quality that they can be put in and taken out more than a couple of times before they become worn.
These screws fit my project guitar perfectly and considering it was an older Epiphone by Gibson S-900 that I opted to add a pick guard too, the screws fit everything perfectly. The look of the screws was even better than the cheap one you find on most import and low end made guitars the have the fat heads and strip really easy. I will purchase again for my next build.
Replacing your pickguard?  Lost a screw?  Authentic replacement screws if you need them.  I ordered these with a new pickguard for my Strat in case I lost or boogered up one of the screws.  Exactly like stock screws.
They are and look the right size and fit the cover well, a must when you want the right screw for the job thanks
Finishing a build for a customer, without these, would have been a real problem.  Also used these for the tremolo back cover.  Very handy.  And no digging the the parts bin for screws.
Screws, just the right size. Shipped free as an add on item, at the time. No brains er...what else?
I can't believe these were actually sent to me. The heads are smaller than normal pickguard screws and the metal is blackened. They come from Taiwan but look like they were subcontracted to China. I am sending them back. There is no way I would use these. Any screw you get from Home Depot would work better and look more attractive. I am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from Fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost.
Came with more screws than i needed. They were the right size. No issues. Thanks. You shouldnt be disappointed with this item.
