This is a nifty little tuner. It's accurate and is fast to turn yellow if you're off by even the slightest degree. I just leave it on my telecaster. It's a little deeper than I thought it would be; it actually lifted the tele up a little when placed in the case. But after a few weeks, the foam conformed and the neck now rests on the case support. The ratchet is a little gimmicky, but once it's set, it can be easy slid off and on the headstock.This little tuner is made to be left on one guitar. If you want one that you can move from instrument to instrument, then get a Snark.
I've used this tuner for both my acoustic guitar and banjo for a year now and like them a lot.  We got this one for my wife's mandolin.  It's small, barely noticeable from the front and easily visible from the back.  I understand it can be a tight fit on some headstocks, it's snug on my 12 fret slot-head guitar due to the buttons pointing straight down but it works ok for me.  The accuracy is as good or better than any I've used.Pros:AccurateCheapEasy to see in daylight or darkGood battery lifeIt's always there, you don't have to hunt for a tuner.Cons:I wish it would turn the tuner buttons for me!
I had one of these and lost it, replaced it with the NS Planet Waves micro clip on tuner, which is not as good. This tuner has a better, higher contrast display which is needed for bright outdoor gigs. It works more predictably and tunes smoother than the micro too. Easily worth the extra dollar. It's a little taller than the micro, but still very small and if it's behind a headstock it doesn't make a difference visually, the main difference is the height if the tuner, width and depth are about the same. That also means a bigger readout. So not really a con. I use it on a godin with a slotted headstock, positioned so I can see it between the tuning keys. Easy to use, bummed I lost it and replaced it with an inferior tuner, I'll be getting another one of these soon... Should probably pick up one for every guitar and be done with it.
I've been a musician for over 40 years.  I've seen an awful lot of products come and go.  I don't get excited about the latest-and-greatest very easily... but having said that, this is the best idea in headstock tuners I have encountered. I bought one, and found it so useful, I ordered two more!  Planet Waves makes good quality stuff, and they make some 'faddish' stuff.  This item is definitely in the good quality family.  It's easy to read outdoors in the daylight, yet not so bright as to distract in low stage light.  Great design, Planet Waves!  Excellent price, GO-DPS!
Not bad, but I had intended on leaving this on my instrument. I bought a few for different basses and guitars. But the switch location causes the tuner to turn on inside a gig bag (no problem with hard cases) leaving the battery dead when I took the instrument out of the case. The switch SHOULD be on the side of the unit. FWIW, I like my Snarks better...faster and more stable tuning. A near miss with the NS.
This little thing is just what I needed for my acoustics. My amp has a tuner but my regular acoustics had no true way of being tuned until now. I have one on each acoustic and they tune them right up. The read-out is easy to see since it gives you color guides to tune by. Red is wayyy off, yellow when you start getting close and green when you are in tune. Great for a quick look in between songs. Highly recommended.
