just arrived in good shape. Polish w/ an expansive polishing cloth. Almost size of a dinner napkin which is nice as opposed to much smaller lens cleaning cloths.
Better than Dunlop polish. It really holds up well and leaves a really nice shine. Mine didn't come with a polishing cloth like the picture shows though.
I bought this set mainly because I wanted a cheap micro-fiber cloth to polish off my guitars.  For the price of just a microfiber cloth, this set throws in a polish.The cloth is just what I wanted. It is soft and I feel good rubbing it on my instrument. I wish there were a little pouch that came with it so you can keep it separate -- mine is right now in a ziploc bag in my basement with my other loose gear.  The polish is just that -- it is works to bring out a shine, but it is not a cleaner.  You also have to be careful about where on your instrument you get the polish; there is a bit of wax in there and it is not string-friendly.
The Product Itself Is Good, Shined My Guitar Up Nicely, The Cloth I Received Was A Black Microfiber Cloth With The Ernie Ball Logo, I Must Say That The Cloth Is Very Nice, It's Soft And Lint Free, So The Cloth Alone Was Worth Purchasing This Polish, After The Polish Is Gone I Will Probably Try Another Product, I Need Something That Will Conceal The Fine Scratches On My Guitar Finish, Probably Like A Guitar Wax, But All In All This Product Seems Good For Wiping Down The Guitar After Playing, Keeps The Instrument Nice And Shiny. It Removes Smudges And Fingerprints Quite Nicely, Not A Bad Product, It Arrived Within A Couple Of Days, I Am Satisfied With This Purchase
I recently bought this (May 2011) to use on both my acoustic and electric and it works fine.PROS:  Non-oily, water-like consistency; leaves no residue behind;  slight non-chemical odor that doesn't linger on your guitar; removes smudges, fingerprints, etc. and leaves a nice shine; comes with a large lint- and dust-free, fast-drying cloth (black); less expensive than most other guitar polishes.CONS:  The pump sprays in a very wide area, so be careful to avoid spraying strings, pickups, etc.The polish in the bottle works well and the lint-free cloth works well too.  I can't see spending more for Gibson or Dunlop polish kits when this work just fine.
I have limited experience with these types of product, but it does get finger grime off quite well, and does not leave streaks like another guitar-brand name product I also have.
The cleaner works as it should and the price is fair but what really did it for me is the cloth. Just feels right for the job..
Although The cloth I got was black and not yellow just pointing that out. It works amazingly for my guitar now its like a mirror. I can see my reflection perfectly clear.
