I was very skeptical to buy a Wuhan china because ive had bad experiences before and their quality control is almost non-existent.That being said, the china I received is amazing its a nice thick little cymbal and has a great sharp tone and fast decay.My opinion of Wuhan has been raised quite a bit.
If looking for that oriental sound, this is it.  Nicely made.  Some folks expect something different, I suspect.  It is not a cymbal that you use like a crash or ride, it is more like a splash and at that it is for use for a particular sound.  Highly recommend,  And when I bought it was very well priced - like half what I could find used  (and this was NEW!).
Think it sounds like a trash can lid? No, it doesn't. It sounds like a crappy china which has it's place (in the rehersal studio for one...). Want a really good china? Spend more money. That's how it works. Great for practicing. Small diameter gives it a shrill overtone. Poor on recordings (unless you're looking for that... there's always an application). For $20 though, c'mon. What do you want? Anyone giving it less than 3 stars is a pretentious wad. It's $20. It was made in the remote hills of Wuhan China where they've been making cymbals of sorts for more than 3,500 years and you got one for $20. Or go buy a K Kustum and quit your sniveling. I say get one! get them all in all sizes and you still spent less than an actual professional china. boyah.
Any size Wuhan china sounds great. This little 12-inch model is high-pitched, but has that trashy Wuhan sound. I prefer Wuhan to any Zildjian, Paiste, or Sabian china.
I was in a local music store the other day and noticed a huge stack of these cymbals, with a few examples mounted on stands to try. While they're not as rich as Zildjians or Paistes or other more expensive cymbals, they do have that trashy sound that you look for in a China. And at the asking price, who can resist?
wow haha!! this china...really packs a punch haha!! I got this china and was blown away by it. my band loves it, the crowds love it, and most importantly it is very loud and trashy. great for hardcore drummers
What can I say that has not been said before about this excellent cymbal?.... great choice to add some trashy color to my cymbal set up (all Wuhans because they are cheap and blow away most of the big boy companies). One thing that surprised me was how BIG the sound was and how nice it cut right thru my other cymbals. You cannot beat this price or quality of this cymbal. Placed it on top of my 18' crash and it looks great!!!
