...but it works fine for me.I used to connect a Orange Micro Terror Head AmpOrange Amplifiers Micro Terror MT20 20W Hybrid Guitar Amp Head (Standard)to a cabinet PPC108Orange PPC108 1x8" Speaker Cabinet
Bought several of these and they worked fine. I later moved on to Planet Waves for my custom pedal board because I could get the lengths perfect.
This cable is built to last. Overall it is a great quality cable and it came quickly. What more could you ask for
As it is with most things in life, you get what you pay for and while this Hosa effects-connecting cable isn't the best quality cable that is out there e.g. Zaolla, Evidence etc it certainly does the job it's supposed to at a reasonable price.  Too few guitarists, and I was one of them for many years until recently, pay enough attention to the quality of their cables and hence spend too much time on the amps, the pick ups, strings etc.  I discovered way too late how important investing in high quality cables is to your sound but I guess better late than never.  However, if you are on a budget and you are looking for effects-connecting cables that do a job for a good price then these Hosa ones will do a good enough job.  For me, after much experimentation I have foundZaolla ZGTR-110 Guitar Cableto be the best for my sound and while they are not cheap they are certainly quality and worth the money for the improved sound they provide.These Hosa however are still good value for money and hence come recommended.
Without going over the fiscal cliff these cables worked very well in my 7-pedal guitar effect lineup.No noticeable hiss, hum or buzzing. Clean & quiet.Good buy for the price.
It's a cable.  It works great.  I don't see any reason to spend more money on a short cable like this.
These are great patch cables. They make a strong connection between pedals and don't sacrifice any sound quality. I've been using many of these, every day, for quite a while and they are still working great.
It's well make and cheap compare with other product on Amazon nowadays market. I.I do replace it for guitar cable, work fine, I'm happy with this unit. Recommend to someone need replace cable jct.
I bought this cables to use it on my guitar pedals during practices and live gigs. I have no complains about it at this time. I own and use other hosa products and i think that they are making products with an excellent quality for a lower price.100% recomended.
i use this cable to patch my effects pedals together and it does what it needs to do.  the right angle ends make it easy to connect your pedals and keep them close together.
