Bought these for my friend, he asked for these exact strings.  His guitar always sounds awesome, and I always ask his advice for musical products.  I even sound OK when I play his guitar, so I say try em out.
heard they were nice strings...they do make better...but just starting to play and dont have need for new strings just yet...
These are awesome strings! I put a set on my Strat and Tele. They offer a clean sound, feel good and can hold their own on a tremoo dive and a mad bend. I will be using this model and brand as long as they make them!Get them!
For the money, you cannot beat these strings. I change strings every other time I play a show (about once a month) and these always last, and sound good. Perfect for Ibanez guitars with special tuning.
Whether you're a beginner, or have been playing for a long time, you can never go wrong with Ernie Ball strings.
Ernie Ball 2223 Super Slinky Electric Strings -.009-.042 set is very good opportunity to replace the original strings on your new guitar.Recommend it.
like the title says, ive been using these for years. used a hand full of other brands and this is what i always end up with. i either use the 9's or the 10's and detune them.
Fine strings that I have been using for a VERY long time of my electric guitars. You can get some really nice sound out of these super slinky strings.
I've been playing guitar for 25 years and when I was first getting started for what ever reason I hated Super Slinkys with a passion. I was a Fender or D'Addario guy and EB SS were beneath me.Fast forward to a few weeks ago when I got a used Jackson with DEAD stings on it. I wasn't sure I was going to keep it but wanted to give it a chance with new strings. ALL of my guitars are setup with 10s but the Jackson needed 9's and I didn't want to bother setting up the Floyd Rose for 10's on a guitar I might not keep.I came onto Amazon to find some inexpensive Prime eligible strings and these came up, WTH I'll give them a shot.Wow these are some good sounding strings. I have no idea why I didn't like them before, maybe my hearing is much worse than before? Who knows. Anyway I ended up keeping the guitar, a Jackson DK2M.
These strings are great for all sorts of playing styles. I bought a set of 9's and 10's and I also have some D'Addario 11's. The 9's are super slinky just like the name says. They're great for quick movement around the fret board. My only complaint is that they are at times too thin sounding. I play a lot of rock, and sometimes these just don't pack a punch like the 10's or 11's do. All in all though, these are great strings, and I will definitely continue to buy Ernie Ball, I'll probably opt for 10's or 11's though.
Good cheap strings for guitar. Hard to beat the price. I am not an expert on guitar strings. So I hope that helps.
I have an Epiphone es-339 and recently put these strings on it.Oh man do they sound nice. It's like I got a whole new guitar once I threw these on.Still sound good after a few weeks and they are very nice and bendy.Slinkkkkkkyyyy... :D
Very clean very bright strings i use these on my strat and it feels good and sounds amazing. if you want to use these strings for distortion you're an idiot these are something i could imagine david gilmore using
The Ernie Ball Super Slinky String Set (9 - 42) are a great set of string to replace my old string with on my guitar. They feel and sound great when you play them. Highly recommend these strings....
A great deal on what I consider the best all purpose guitar strings out there. Do the big names in the music biz use Ernie Ball strings? Yes, and for good reason. While it is true that you can attain a fatter sound with the heavier gauge variety, I have found that for my USA Stratocaster, that the ease of play with the &#34;9&#34; strings is the clincher -- and they provide an amazingly full sound, with no stress on the fingers at all.
I do like these strings. Had a few packs of these from Christmas. Opened up one recently and the .009 string or 1st string "Was Not" in there. Next time I'm gonna have to open up the package to make sure they're all in there, should measure them too. Didn't open them to keep them sealed until I was ready to use them, no more.
Good strings ..great for general guitar work, but I do prefer the EB rock n' roll strings for blues and rock playing.
My guitar playing wife loves her super slinky strings. They sound wonderful and cost very little. What's not to love?
These are my favorite strings to use on my American Strat!  They feel great, sound great, and are extremely cheap!  I would definately recommend these strings to any electric guitar user... buy a pack and try them out!  For less than $4, you can see if they work well for you!
these are my personal favorites when it comes to guitar strings.i would reccomend these to everyone and the price is the best
Decent strings but the little E string broke while I was stringing the guitar.Other than that, they appear OK.Nothing to rave about.
These strings honestly aren't for rhythm. They bend too easily, making rhythm playing impossible. On the plus side, for soloing, you can't go wrong with these. Honestly, I would get the Hybrid Slinkys over these.
Nice strings. Great sound.But rust easy.I had issues with the packaging. I used only 1 string and the rest rusted in the paper jackets.You have to use all of the strings once opened.The cheapo Musician's friend strings don't have these issues - they are individually wrapped in plastic jackets and I don't have to use all of them at one go.
I've been using this brand of strings for years. The super slinkys sound great. The 9 gauge is very easy to bend and on a good guitar will also sustain well. They last a long time if you wipe down after use. Better yet, get the Big Bends string cleaning wipes to increase the life of your strings.
I bought these hoping they would allow me to learn to bend guitar strings blues style.  They turned out to be just right.  I don't play that often but they have lasted for a lot longer than expected.  very pleased with the product and price.
Since they are light strings they are easier to press down and easier to bend which really helps me because I'm a beginner and don't have much Calais yet. Also I like the first day of new strings look Shiny! I would recommend this to any beginner.
