People tell you you need to buy a 1000 dollar tube amp to sound good..shuuut up..mic this through a PA and you;re set never need another amp againUse amp modeling software that fender includes and you have a vast array of tones..for 100 bucks..Spend money on a top end guitar if you get this amp its all you need
I haven't picked up a guitar in 15 years, but this was a LONG Winter and I needed something to occupy my time.I broke out my Strat and discovered that the amp was dead - mice had eaten the wiring.Crap.So - Online to see what defined "State of the Art".  This is It.If you need a basic practice amp that, with a decent laptop and internet connection, can help you produce ANY sound with a few simple instructions THIS IS IT.No Foot pedals or expensive add-ons [until you really have to have them]... Just pure creative sound that won't break the bank.Buy This Amp !
The last amplifier I purchased was a Fender Twin valve some years ago. It is difficult to use in a small apartment - too loud!! So, after giving up trying to use this with the volume at '1', I searched for a smaller thing. This amp looked suspiciously cheap and, although the reviews were great, still was concerned whether it would be good enough. It arrived and I got into realizing it went on the web for downloading presets and all kinds of features, including recording. This was really a mind blowing thing. The built in sounds and effects are better than many of my effect pedals, and I no longer use my Zoom. Setting it emulate a twin reverb, with the effects used lightly, I am amazed at both the quality of this 'practise amp' and recommend this to anybody who wants a huge bang for their buck!!!
This amp is a ton of fun. The presets sound great by themselves, but you can also spend hours tweaking the sounds with the Fender Fuse software. It is a fun little amp for both pros and beginners alike.
I LOVE THIS AMP. Here are the reasons: Solidly made, everything is high quality.  Best of all it comes with Fender Fuse software whereby you can hook it up to your PC using the USB cable (included) and &#34;control&#34; all of the amps features over and above the actual settings on the amp(without even touching the knobs) INCLUDING special effects like various stomp box add-ins, effects like reverb, distortion, phaser, factory presets on the dials etc and you can even select different amps on the PC screen visually. You can also go online through the app and download presets other people have created. If you want to play a Pink Floyd song you can download a David Gilmour preset and there you go. You got your Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall preset ready to go.  This is so cool and 20 watts beats 10 and works for me.  I can record directly from the amp into my PC Mixpad software program.
I got mine in a trade for practically nothing. I figured I could sell it and make a few bucks, saw the Mustang amp around but never gave it any credibility, looked like a toy to me. Anyway I decided to plug it in and was shocked at the full sound of the little 8 inch speaker. I researched and found there is a program called Fuse that can interface with the amp. I downloaded and linked to the amp, there I saw you can make a lot of changes that can't be done with just the knobs. I saw it had a Deluxe Reverb setting. I have the Deluxe Reverb Reissue so dialed in the same settings with the fuse software. To my amazement it sound like a smaller version of my Deluxe! Fender really got close with the modeling. I went ahead and programmed a few more patches and set up a footswitch to change between 2 settings. I liked it so much I went out and bought the Mustang II. I almost like the Mustang I better but the II does have enough power to gig with if you aren't a loud band. I will leave my Deluxe Reverb at home for my next small gig and use the Mustang, maybe even the little one and mic it up..
I ordered this and it arrived surprisingly quickly.  It arrived in a large box and within in the Fender Amp box.  I guess 2 boxes is good as it provides more protection.  Sadly, when I tried to use them amp, it didn't work!  I checked the wall plug, cord, flicked several switches and knobs but still didn't work.  Needless to say, I sent the amp back to Amazon which was quick and painless.  I wanted an exchange.  I expected the amp to be received and check out and only then a exchange amp sent to me.  But I was shocked to find out that as soon as the return UPS label was recorded at the UPS store, they shipped out another amp.  And it arrived in 4 days since I returned the first one!  WOW!!! That's customer service.The amp is great.  Small footprint, sounds great for what I want it for which is bedroom/basement practice amp.  Does it's job very nicely.  I explored the FUSE software and the potential is almost endless.  Honestly, I don't think I will every fully utilize the full capability of the FUSE software.  I just need some basic sound and some simple tweeking here and there.  I may use someone else's uploaded presets and play with the various options later on.  In summary, 5 stars for the amp and 5 stars for the customer service.
This is really a great amp for the price.  If you're new to electric guitar, and you want an amp to get started, buy this one.  It has incredible versatility, and you can get started with trying out a huge range of different sounds without having to invest in a variety of effects and different amps.I got much more than I expected for the price of this amp.  I really like the Bassman and Twin Reverb settings.I won't claim that you can buy this amp and never have need for something bigger, better, vintage tube, etc., but this will more than meet your needs to use at home.  Buy the 20W version, which is plenty loud for home.  Later - when you have the skills to justify it, start buying some tube equipment.  This amp will help you figure out what tones you like for the music you want to play.I considered various new/used amps in the same price range, and I'm extremely happy I picked this one.  If you came by my house with some other brand new amp that cost twice as much as this and wanted to trade me, I'd tell you to go away.  But if you stop by with a nice Twin Reverb, I'd give up my Mustang ... but then I'd go buy another one.
Bought this amp probably about two years ago. The amp has 3 levels of 8 presets each, for a total of 24 unique presets, ranging form heavy metal distortion sounds and reverberating clean tones. (The '65 Twin Reverb on the Orange Level is by far my favorite.) The amp includes gain, a volume and separate master volume knob in addition to bass and treble knobs. I feel like it is a bargain at any price. A great amp for practice and beginners.
Takes you hours to play around with all the sounds. Built in tuner and added foot switch makes it good for stage. Nice and loud in a small package.
I love small amps and have played many of them over the last 25 years. I still own a few, my favorite being the first Super Champ from the early '80s; Rivera nailed that one. I naturally prefer tubes for that true tone, but tried one of these out last year at a pal's place and was sold within two minutes. I bought one six months ago and after playing it almost daily since then I can say without doubt that this is the most versatile solid state practice amp I've ever used.For the money it's a crazy deal. I have never once used the included online stuff or the Ableton software, so those add even more value to this package, no doubt. All I wanted was a warm up amp with real tone, and this is that and plenty more. My all-time favorite tone is the clean glassy Fender late-'50s/early '60s sound, typified by the Bassmans and Twins and Deluxes of the pre-CBS era. That tone needs tubes to really sing, but to my amazement the amp modeling of this Mustang comes amazingly close to that sound without tubes. You'll always miss that tube sag but the crispness and snap is all there, especially on the Bassman settings. My Strats sound so damn good through this on clean settings, and my PRS absolutely smokes with real lease-breaking volume on Super-Sonic (dial the gain way back for a nice low-throttle roar).Having gain, volume and master lets you dial in a TON of tones with each amp model, and the two separate effects knobs let you add chorus/tremolo etc plus various reverbs/delays etc, though I find myself keeping everything totally clean as time goes by; if I can't get the tone I want with my fingers then I need to learn how to is my motto. And this amp is so accurate that I can.Above all, this Mustang is MUSICAL. For a small amp that's a real feat, but for 100 clams it's a near miracle. Add a built in tuner (the most useful "extra" ANY amp can have), good effects, great amp models, the software and more online amp models (which I'll get around to one day but so far I get all the tone I need from the amp as it is), plus 20 watts for lots of headroom, and this is a straight up steal for a bill.The only thing missing is serious bass at volume, but this is an 8 after all, not a 10, so you'll always miss some of the real bottom. But what's there is solid and tight and only craps out at top volume; only with a rock drummer will you need more roar than this provides. You could easily do quiet jazz and folk gigs with this puppy.All told, the Mustang I is easily not only the best value practice amp of them all out there now (Crate and Line 6 etc don't come close), but paired with a mini-Strat this would be the absolutely PERFECT beginner's set up for a kid looking to play anything from the Beatles to Metallica and everything in between.Can't recommend this highly enough to anyone who thinks real tone can't come in a small solid state amp. It can, it does, and it's cheaper than I can still believe.Fender truly went to 11 on this one.Leo would be proud!
The Mustang 1 was a great buy for another great Fender product.  It has more bells and whistles than I can mention but it's sophistication is lost on me.  I was looking for a clean crisp sound with little or no distortion and with the Mustang it seemed that's all I was getting.  Great little amp, just not for me.
I bough this amp for my 9 year old son who is learning guitar for his Christmas present.  I thought that since I love Fender guitars and since he has a mini Squier we'd like to get something in the Fender Family.  I seriously expected a cheap imitation of a Line 6 Spider with a Fender logo slapped on it.  I should have had more faith in Fender.I am blown away by the sounds that come out of this amp.  The AMP models are far more real and interesting sounding than any modeling tool I have ever used.  The amps don't sound digital or processed, they actually sound overdriven when you crank the gain.  You would swear that there are tubes in this thing when you listen to it.  I can't get over the Bassman, the twin Reverb and the Deluxe.  They sound so full and strong.My biggest compliment of the Mustang is that it is the ONLY modeling amp that has great sounding Vintage tones.  Line 6 has tons of metal stuff, and a lot of weird niche tones.  Vox has never really made great modeling stuff.  Digitech sounds super processed and the vintage tones are terrible.If you play Blues, Rock, Classic Rock, Country, Funk etc... This amp is for you.  There is just enough metal or heavy sounds to have a few choices for Modern Metal, but Metalheads might be better off with the Line 6 stuff.The other great thing about this amp is how easy it is to tweak the tones using the amp controls.  By looking at the controls, you know right where you are and what you have to do to edit your sound.  You don't need to dive 5 levels deep into an LCD screen in order to make great sounding tweaks.But if you like to go deep, you'll love the Fender Fuse software.  It is easy to use and there are countless user submitted tones to help shape your sound.The fact that Fender not only included FUSE with this amp, but also the Ableton recording software that is also pretty user friendly and fully usable without having to pay to upgrade anything, is just frosting on the cake.I am a father of 4 who normally has to practice at night and being able to have an amp that can get quiet but still sound amazing, with the added features of a headphone jack and an AUX in, I can play whenever I want.  I am actually selling my nice Tube amp and using the Mustang as my only amp for now, and I feel like I am not missing out on any features or downgrading my sound at all.The value of this amp is amazing.  People will shell out 2-3x as much for a Line 6 modeler, but the vintage tones will not sound anywhere close to as good as the Fender tones.
This amp is awesome! Its great JUST like it's advertised. I play more of the modern metal side but i managed to make quite a few sick distortions using the Fender Fuse software. Fender Fuse is very simple to use and once you get the hang of it you can get more detailed & advanced with your settings to get the tone you desire. The amp itself has 24 presets (as advertised) & are shown in 3 different colors (Red, Green, & Orange)  and you can totally customize the presets. So if you want 24 different distortions go for it! Another thing it comes with ableton live but its just a demo version of the program so u can look at the tutorials & learn how to use it & record some music but you can't save them (bummer i know) BUT! it gives you some kinda pass that allows you to save a few recordings. One last thing you can purchase a one button foot pedal (about $20)the Fender mustang 1&2 can only USE the 1 button foot pedal the foot pedals that uses 2 buttons or up can only be use by Fender Mustangs 3 & up REMEMBER THIS!
I have been playing for over three decades, and it has been a while since I have owned an electric guitar.  I bought this amp along with a Epi Les Paul 100.  All I can say is wow!  This is a great combination.This amp has almost an unlimited number of tones and effects.  Well built and looks even better in person than the picture.  Plenty of power as well.  Better than anything including the stage quality amps like Marshals from back in the day.  A great practice amp, but good enough you could use it for a small gig.  Going to pick up the optional foot switch.If you buy you won't be disappointed.
I've just received my Mustang I and have spent an hour playing with it and the Fuse software.  This thing is outrageous for a practice amp and I've never heard anything like it in its price class and size!  With a good instrument mic and a decent monitoring system, I think you could probably gig with this thing.  One feature in the Fuse software that no one seems to mention is the ability to add an overdrive or compressor module "post gain" (after the preamp). This is an incredibly useful tool for controlling the overdrive characteristics of the amp models.  In effect, Fender has given this amp the ability to emulate power section saturation as the overdrive module sounds very different and much mellower post gain than pre gain (before the preamp like a normal stomp box).I don't know of any other dedicated modelers that do this except maybe the Axe-FX - and that costs about 20 times more.  Power section saturation is highly desirable and is the reason why we're seeing a lot of very low power tube amps like the Fender Champion 600 and Bugera V5 these days. Their problem is that they're pretty much useless for clean sounds at louder volumes - they don't have enough power for that so they're really only good for overdriven sounds.  Not so the Mustang I.  I think Fender has hit the perfect combination of flexibility and and simplicity in one package.  This thing sounds way bigger than it looks and way better than its price would suggest. It has the classic Fender sound and feel of many different Fender amps without the weight, cost and tube replacement needs.  What's not to like?
For $99 you get the best good sized, heavy duty, high quality amp with tons of SOUND!-Construction: Solid, good material and parts, Fender used the good stuff.-Sound: Nice clear & LOUD sound especially for an 8" speaker and 20W amp. You can definitely jam with a drummer no problem, or just shred it wearing headphones.-Effects: There are 9 "amp models" (i.e. "57 deluxe", "metal 2000", etc...) and with these 9 amp sounds to choose from, you can apply 24 effects on top of any of the 9 amp models.The effects include chorus, deep chorus, flange, tremelo, vibration, phaser, step filter, delay (150ms, 300ms, 700ms), Reverb, large hall, small room, echo filter, octaver, etc...)So what are the presets? Each of the 9 amp models has been pre-programmed with three different presets (meaning a professional put three different combinations of effects on the amp model to showcase its best sounds).When you select a preset, like the first metal 2000 for example, the minute you touch the "gain" knob, the gain that was programmed for that preset now becomes whatever level you set. Same with treble, bass, volume, and all other effects. The moment you touch any dials or effects knobs, you have custom control to tweak each preset, just temporarily, or save it if you wish.It's so great, because often I feel I would have made a present slightly more this or that, simply grab the gain or change the treble, or move from delay to reverb and make it your own! Very easy.-Ease of use: Plug in your guitar, spin the dials to select the presets and to change the effects. Plug in ipod or computer with 3.5mm male cable. It's that easy!-PC Software: I've heard their is trouble installing, mine said "error" and did not install on Windows 7. I know there are ways to fix this, and I will do so when I have some time. Comes with a USB cable (mini for the amp, regular plug for the computer). Works for mac or PC, get more presets, use effects pedels and recording instruments through the computer. Play on guitar rig and amplitude. Awesome.-Size: Perfect. Big enough to give it a serious look, and a quality feel. Small enough to fit easily under a table, next to your desk, etc. Looks like 18"x18" to me. The front metal-looking grill is mesh, but quality and looks great.-Tuner: Super simple. Doesn't tell you which note is in tune, just tells you left, right, or green in center for "in tune".All in all when compared to the Line 6 Spider, and many other fender amps, this one has the quality sound, the dozens of different effect combinations, input for a footswitch, aux for ipod, and USB for computer. It has it all. I jam through headphones for hours each day since I bought it. The reverb and gain distortion are so clean, and the clean channels on some of the amp models have really good tone. My guitars sound way better than they used to through my old mini fender amp.Don't sleep on this, it's $99 for a loud quality amp with $1,000s worth of effects peddles built in.And did I mention, EASILY CUSTOMIZABLE so easy I could teach a 5 year old. Select a preset, change the dials you want to change, make changes permanent only by hitting "save" otherwise presets stay the way the factory made them.LOVE THIS AMP, and I've shopped EVERY comparable model. This is the one, hands down worth a minimum of $150.Louder than my friends 60W!:D ONE LOVE FENDER MUSTANG YOU ROCK!
Great little amp, but get a tube amp if you're serious about playing guitar. It will sound a lot better and it's not too much more expensive. Solid state just isn't the same.I'll also say that it's quite difficult to get a natural sound out of this amp without a lot of tweaking. Even then, you won't get a great clean tone. The Fender Champ X2 is a great alternative to the more expensive and desiralble vintage Fender Vibro Champ. Go with Quality and save yourself a future purchase (resale vale is great on the X2 as well).
It's been a while since last we got together. The old amps we had were way too big. For me this one is just right.Fender Mustang I Electric Guitar Amplifier
Well over the past 4 years I've been running through a bunch of these mini, micro, battery powered, small tubed, and solid state, model budget amplifiers.Lets see, done all the Blackheart small amps, the Vox mini-3 & AC4TV, Roland MICRO-CUBE, plus a few other small amps. I just sold my Fender Super Champ XD and wasn't going to get another amp because playing in my apartment with neighbors, I just cannot jam the way I'd like to...I really liked all the above named amps but they really didn't give me the options of cranking it without disturbing my neighbors. Loved the Fender Super Champ probably the best, but there wasn't a headphone jack. Same with the Blackhearts and the Vox AC4TV and the potential of these amps just couldn't be used by me. So I settled on the Vox Mini-3 (4watt), because it has a headphone jack, is also A/C or battery powered, among a lot of other great features and sounds.. but I did have to give up tube amp option...So as I said I sold my Super Champ like a week ago and as I was mailing it out using the Amazon online mailing appz when I saw a picture and price (in the browser) on this new Fender Mustang I and I figured... what the hell. Lets see what its got to offer for under $100. I mean everyone was giving it a 5-star rating, so whats a $100 bucks, even though I've never had a good sounding solid state amp.Well I must say this thing rocks! There are like 3 phases of model amps, most I didn't like at first but was able to fine tune most of em to sound pretty great. I mean its only a $100 amp so it cannot be compared to the real deals, but it does stand up pretty nice. Plus it has the headphone jack (and a couple other plugins and effects) and this thing will blow your ears out. Most amplifier headphone jacks.. tap out and never got loud enough for me, but this thing screams and blow-out your ears. I've had it now like 3 days and was thinking about sending it back, but for $100, there's nothing in the market that can compare or compete with its, SOUND, low pricing, and options... So I'm now glad that I sold my Fender Super Champ XD and bought this one and put the other $150 back in my pocket... ya!This is the best solid state amp I've ever owned and I still miss the tube option.. But I'm sure something better will appear next year and until, then... well a person just cannot go wrong by buying this Fender AMP!
This little amp is amazing.  It's loaded with a lot of samples of other great amps, AND you can plug it in to your laptop and record it directly and you can go online and download other samples directly to your amp.  I love it!  If you need a practice amp (and you can plug your headphones in to it so you can practice in private) then this is the amp you  should buy.  The price is right, and the size is right.  Enough said.  Buy it!
It looks nicer than pictured, seems solid and well-constructed, but most important of all it sounds fantastic! I've only had this amp now for roughly a day, but stayed up a good part of last night playing. I couldn't stop. This morning I opened the outside doors and cranked it all the way up to about half volume. (Scared the cat and made the dog wonder what the heck that new thing is making all the noise.) Beyond the halfway setting, it would've hurt my ears. Yes, it's that loud! Absolutely more than enough amp for your practice and small-event purposes. So far, I've only played through the amber pre-sets and only experimented some with the modulations knob. I like the bluesy, tube-effect modelings the most and don't know that I'll see much need to go looking to create a lot of custom settings. But it's nice to know this amp can deliver, either with or without the additional FUSE software, such an incredibly diverse array of sounds should the need ever arise. Thanks, Fender!
I got this on sale from GC for $80 shipped (plus $7 tax arrrgh). First and foremost this amp is AMAZING.  All the hype and positive reviews you read are all true.  My playing style varies from horrible attemps at sounding like a real player to half way decent renditions of actual songs (lol) and this amp does it all.  The tube amp models sound like real tubes and have a tone and sound that just can't be described, they have to be heard.  The modulations, and del/reverbs are well done also.  There are a few of the effects that sound a little vanilla or digital but those can be tweaked with the Fuse software (or taken out completely).  All the controls are pretty easy to understand and adjust, and it does not take a brilliant mind to figure out how to make the amp sound good (even with my substandard playing ability!  Both of my cheap guitars sound great thru this amp.  The tuner is pretty accurate and easy to use.  Headphones work well also.  About my only real complaints are so minor- no place to store the Power cord or USB cord (included!).  Printed documentation is pretty lame but the included DVD is more through.  The Fuse software has to be downloaded and as I have limited online speed this took over an hour.  The headphone jack is a 3.5mm and most good headphones are still using the 1/4".  Not a big deal but the 3.5mm to 1/4" adaptors are somewhat weak and can be very touchy.  The amp gives an audiable POP when powered down.  No corner protectors on this.  All in all if you are looking for a great small amp this will give you $1000's of dollars worth of effects and amp models all for under 100 clams!
Originally put-off by the low price, I went with the reviews.  Simply AWESOME!  This amp is packed with features.  Beginner/Intermediate level player would be very pleased!  The best part is, it's not at all complex to learn the features.
Great little amp to mess around with. The various sound changes and the range of sound mimics is amazing. The software that came with it is a little limited for true professionals but has more than you need for home use. Don't be fooled by the small size, this baby pumps out the noise quite well. I'd rarely turn my master volume above level 4 (of 10) for home use and at small local taverns I'd set it at around level 8. For a regular venue I have an extra Marshall 500-watt speaker system.You will need time to read the manual and learn the settings making it fun to see what kind of effects you can get. No pedals needed with this thing. I only gave it 4-stars because I later bought the Mustang III which has a bunch more features for an extra $200 and a blow-out 100-watt speaker. (The Mustang IV is the same as the III but with 150-watts. Again, you can but an extra 100-watt speaker for $40, making the extra $200 for a Mustang IV a waste.) The Mustang II is the same as this one but with a 40-watt speaker and $100 more.If you need something to play with at home and want to try different effects and sounds this is a good one at a cheap price. If you want the extra 20-watts (of the Mustang II) just buy this one and an extra 20-watt speaker (around $30) and jury rig it. Otherwise I recommend plunking the extra $200 and get the Mustang III with a digital display readout and more effects.
When I bought this it wasn't the amp I wanted but because of budget and reviews I picked it.  I couldn't be happier.  This little amp really impressed me.  Add Fender Fuse software and its probably the best $99 I've spent in a while
I got one of these here on Amazon as a replacement for my other small practice amp, an older Fender 25 watt blackface two-channel that didn't have integrated EFX (that one has been more or less permanantly allocated to my church).Great little amp. Only had it for a couple days, but the sounds you can evoke out of this thing are amazing. Clean tones are pristine. Distortion tones, a bit on the transistory side, but again, I haven't played with the setting enough (or even tried all the emulations). Controls are straightforward and easy to operate without glasses on. It is a bit lacking in low-end, to be expected from a small 8" speaker. But that is okay for practice and rehearsal. It is loud enough for rehearsal with a drummer (depending on the style of music). I did purchase the single button footswitch as well and it works great at switching between any TWO settings you define.Have not had a chance to mess with the included software, but intend to do that when I have time. I like the fact that I can tweak the amp to my EXACT preferences and it stays in memory; I only really have to do it once. Great feature.Only suggestions to Fender would be to add a recessed area in the back to stow the power cord (standard computer type) and optionally, the included USB cable.Overall, for the price, it is an incredible value. Great alternative to lugging my full rig (Marshall 2X12 cab, racked Rocktron Pirhanna, ADA 100 watt tube head, Alesis Midiverb IV and some other stuff). Get yours while you can at this price.UPDATE -- The Fender software that you can download and use with this amp is freaking amazing. I now have it more or less permanently attached to my computer via USB and am constantly tweaking and refining my tones. The Princeton amp emulation is SWEET. I am going to buy a second one, probably the larger Mustang III, cause I want the larger Celestion speaker. You know, pretty much every Fender product I have ever purchased has been first rate, and this amp is no exception. And I don't care if it is made in Mexico (my guitar is a differnt matter though...)
