This headstand works like a charm. It's simple, portable, and sturdy. P.s. to the people complaining about it falling over...I have no idea what you're doing with your guitars, but mine is very stable. Plus all headstands are a bit wobbly and I've used just about every brand. For the price, you can't complain.
this piece of plastic is just terrible.  you'd be better off with a couple of books and a towel.not recommended!
THis device is ok. It is light weight and folds nicely, but it is not especially stable. Convenient storage is its biggest plus.
A big help on the workbench when working on either guitar or bass.  Seems sturdy enough.  I side on safety so I use a soft cloth for extra protection, but this item does what it was designed to and should last a long time.
What a great little stand. I love using this thing when it comes time to polish my guitars or to change their strings. I also like the fact it folds up, taking up very little space when its stored away. The rubber pads are plentiful and molded to the plastic, so there's no need to worry about one coming loose and marring the finish of your guitar neck.
This gets the job done but because it is lighter you do a bit of &#34;chasing&#34; the guitar around.. All in all gets the job
For those of you who change strings on your guitar or mandolin or just about any other string insterment this is a must have.Holds up your insterment while changing strings-- your insterment doest slide around on you. and it folds up. keep it right in your case. very cool tool to have  Thanks
You know, if you do guitar work, you need a neck stand. Some sheets+stand units cost $50. This was what I needed and it was cheap. So far so good.
I picked up one of these at Guitar Center a while back.  At first, it seemed unstable, but then I tried to open it up a little more, and it kind of clicked into the position shown in the picture here.  When it's opened up all the way, it is relatively stable, and is suitable for servicing your own guitar.  As others say, it does fold up nicely, and takes up minimal space in my toolbox.  I wouldn't use this if I made a living servicing guitars, as I don't think it would last long due to the quality of materials (it does feel pretty cheap.)  But it does work well enough for an individual who does work on their guitars once in a while.I imagine one could make something a bit more sturdy for less out of wood and felt.  Over all, I'm happy with the purchase, as it suits my needs.
great little tool to assist you while replacing strings, cleaning or tuning, keeps headstock still and then folds up neatly to fit in a drawer, kit or pocket
Works great for changing out the strings on ones guitar.  Compact enough that it's able to be stored in your case if you want or if you have a tech box that you bring with you.
It makes restringing way easier it's pretty stable and sturdy. It will work on pretty much any guitar. So far iv used it on my 6,7 electrics and my Taylor acoustic.
This is a needed tool when changing strings on guitars especially if you change your stringws often as I do.  I've tried other types including those that I made myself but I much prefer this one.  I find it ight and solid and cradels well the nect of any of my guitars...from Fender, Takamine, Ovations...etc. For the cost it is worth it and can easily take it with you in your guitar case when travelling. Highly recommended.
Sweet little neck stand.  Very light weight.  Folds compact to fit in your guitar's hard case or gig bag.  Padded to protect guitar neck.
In the case of you change the guitar strings, or in case you just make a revision setup, this item is very useful, because the guitar will be land and the her body will stay firmly attached.
I was expecting something a little bigger. It will do, but next time, I probably will look for something with a little more stability.
This was very convenient, easy to use, weighs next to nothing and takes even less space than I had expected. Recommended.
I do all my own guitar maintenance, which means that my guitars have to lie on the bench with the neck elevated for me to change strings, etc.  I had been using a roll of paper towels for that purpose, but the cardboard tube inside would flatten and cause the headstock to hit the bench.  So, looking around on Amazon, I found this handy little device.  It's small, works well, and fairly inexpensive.  My only quibble is that it could be a little bit more robust.  Perhaps if it were made of metal covered in soft plastic instead of the all-plastic construction.  But don't get me wrong, it's still pretty strong... just don't put too much weight on it while using it.
Go build your own. Build it to your specs and have a solid stand. If not, you can find a lot better head stands. This one was a huge disappointment. Does not do what it says and can get you frustrated quick. Im back with my wood block and am happy.
This little geegaw is a stable tripod stand to hold the neck of your guitar while you restring it or perform other work. It folds into a nice small package you can store in the gear compartment of most cases. The rubber pads on the neck end prevent scratches and the feet keep it in place on the table. It may be best to invest in a non slip pad to place under the heel of the guitar body for protection and to prevent it from slipping around as movement can topple the stand if you're not careful. Sure, a suitably sized cardboard box or stack of books will also serve that purpose, but what else would you spend the $10 on?
