These worked fine. The mistake I made was buying them hastily. I needed nylon core strings..not steel. My mistake. I loaded them up anyway....sounded great.
I've used several different kinds of strings over several years playing. I'm no expert, but these strings sound good to me.  Subtle differences with different styles of strings, so its a preference thing.  If you havent tried em, they're worth a shot.
I started experimenting on strings, I say, why wouldn't I try to use bronze strings for my acoustic guitar? Awesome I like the brightness of sound it produced. I'm hooked to bronze strings. Thanks to Martin for making the best bronze acoustic guitar strings!
I only needed one string, but it works fine.  These are good strings, but not 5 stars good.  And I have spares for later or to share.
Martin strings, just wish I could afford a Martin guitar. They last and they stay in tune. Sound very good too.
I enjoy this product and I definitely use them on my acoustic! They are good strings! Highly recommended! Enjoy them!
these are good. I dont see that they are any better than other basic strings in their price range.  they all work well.  length of being brillant is somewhat limits, but it appears to be in most of these level of strings.
These (and the extra lights) are great strings.  They felt so good on the guitar after the old set that I had.  Now I'm stuck replacing them often because I love the feeling of new strings.  They play great, have nice action and tone.  I use them on a Yamaha acoustic and the two together sound great.
These are excellent strings for the price and I will buy them again.  Martin is a name that means quality.
martins are no doubt, excellent strings. The light strings carry excellent deep tone and are not to hard on my fingers.
These strings sound great on an acoustic when properly tuned, I bought these at a local shop after looking at a different brand. The owner of the shop reccomended them as part of a setup. I like the lighter sounds out of them, and using a capo makes them sound great also. These seem significantly brighter and more dynamic than my previous set of Ernie Ball strings and I am planning on trying them out on another guitar soon.They seem to stay in tune more than other strings and also take to bending well. I use them on an electric acoustic and I am happy with the sound when i play through an amp.
heres where you get those strings.I got 3 sets of strings on amazon for the local music store wanted for 1 set
Have not used the strings yet, I bought them as back up.  Have used this type of string before with satisfactory results, good tone, last a long time.
For the price of these strings, you can't go wrong. However, compared to Elixers, the sound just isn't as &#34;full.&#34;
these strings are great for the price, they sound nice and are pretty long lasting but dont last or sound as nice as higher end strings but who cares when the strings are affordable. these strings are great for people are starting because its cheaper and its not a big deal when you break a lot of strings.
this strings are just perfect for me because the sound it is nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!! so please buy it if you want
The Martin M140 strings are good strings.  They play well and last reasonably well.  I change strings about every 2 to 4 months and play about an hour a day.  These strings lasted abotu 2 and a half months before they started to sound flat.  They did stay in tune well the whole time I had them on my guitar.  I had them on my Yamaha FG700S.
