I does the job that I wanted it for. Just to keep picks in my guitar case. It's okay but it could be better.
I like the product, i like the idea to have something that can hold the picks so they dont get lost, i thought that it could hold a few more picks. I think i putted about 7 picks in it, but hey, it works and i would buy it again.I forgot to say that there is double sided tape on the back if you want to put it on your guitar (thats what i did, it looks good and durable).Also, It's Cheap!!!!!
I love this, now I don't have to find my pick.I bought one and this is my second one for my another guitar.I also purchased an extra one as a gift for my friend.
old good design. For the price I've bought 4 of them and just put it on all guitars, so wouldn't have to search for pick again
This holder is spring loaded so it makes inserting and removing picks easy. It has a little sticky tab on the back so you can stick it to something (such at the side of back of your instrument) so you always know where your picks are and always have them on hand. I don't know exactly how many it holds, and the thickness of the picks makes a difference, but I've crammed quite a few of varying sizes in here without issues.
bought roughly 5 of these...i like them and my playing buddy likes them...has a sticky bottom if you want to peal off the paper and stick on table etc.i keep one in each case..enjoy
Very good reliable product to help keep track of your guitar picks.Only thing I can see negative about it is that you cannot fit very many picks inside of it.It does help to have a few stowed away for when you need them.I was not satisfied with the extent of time it took them to ship this product to me.It seemed to take forever although it has nothing to do with the product and only the vendor I ordered the product from.Dunlop has always created some very top quality products for guitar players.They have a great reputation and they uphold a high level of quality no matter what the product usually.This product AS ADVERTISED DID NOT come with any picks.If you order this and need picks MAKE SURE YOU ORDER PICKS SEPARATELY.
for only a few bucks, this little item is extremely convenient!!! i placed it on a filing cabinet, next to where I practice and filled it up....love love love the hastle-free access to my picks!!! thanks guys for the great little product! :) all smiles...
I am buying several more to mount on assorted amplifiers for practice room and studio.  On stage, I prefer microphone boom holders.
Well, this is a very simple accessory, but also a very convenient one. You can transport and organize your picks without making a mess inside the gig bag.
My son finds that this holder comes in handy when storing his picks. He says it's easy to use and finds no difficulty removing his picks from the holder. Highly recommend!
casual, part time guitar player here. I use it on the back of the headstock to always have picks with the guitar when I pick it up. The one I received was all black, not brown on the sides as in the photo. No matter. It is a bit larger than you might expect from the photo. I dont know if that is to accommodate a larger size of pick, or what. It is big enough that 'normal' electric guitar picks can almost turn sideways in it. It also likes to give you more than one pick at a time. Both of which I would say make it not  a contender for fast pick replacement, like in the middle of a song. But it is good for keeping them all in one place, either on the guitar or a desk, toolbox, etc.Nice little item for $2
I used to be that guy that lost about 30 guitar picks a month. I bought three of these Dunlop Pick Holders, one for each of the three gauges I find myself constantly using, and they've more than paid for themselves in the short time I've had them.
I bought this for my brother for a Christmas gift when we got him a guitar. He never used it, but not because of anything to do with the actual product
I ordered the one in the photo, with brown sides and got a standard black one.  I have the black one on my Fender Stratocaster and wanted the brown one for my acoustic.  Unfortunately they sent the wrong one but I'll use it anyway.  It's also not the same size as the one in the photo, much wider.I wish I had the right one as the one I got doesn't match the guitar.  I know if I put up a fuss they would send the right one, but it would cost more to send this back than I paid for it.I will say that these are a must have if you're tired of searching for picks.  Finish playing, slide your pick into this and it's there when you play again.
Have not had the chance to stick it to my guitar. So it is just used as a pick holder so my picks have some places to go. Can hold up to 11 picks of .50 thickness. I use Tortex Guitar Pick of that thickness.
Easy to use - it was easy to put the picks in and to take the picks out of it.
It a simple holder that it's really good to make sure that you will not be out of picks when you need then!
I can't write a great review for this. There's nothing to write about. This is a pick holder. It holds my picks. End of story. Price was right.
I like this so much, I bought 4 and going back for more. Spring loaded pick holder holds about 20 to 25 picks. There is a peel and stick on the back to attach it to a guitar strap or behind the headstock.  I Keep one in each guitar case. I am ordering more for stocking stuffers for my musician friends. Fill them up with your favorite picks and no more searching for a pick.
its a one dollar pice of plastic that holds your picks, it has a spring in it that pushes them up like a dispenser in a way. has sticky stuff on the back so you can stick it to your guitar or case so you always have picks.
Well-conceived, spring loaded slot holes multiple picks.  It is small and can be affixed (self-adhering) to the guitar near the bridge so you always have picks handy when you are ready to play.  Inexpensive solution and quite handy.
This Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder work good. For an in expense product. It is want I need for travel. Little hard to put picks in but OK
It is OK, but it does not compare to the ergo holder.Which you may find here:Dunlop Ergo Pickholder.The main problem with this pickholder is that it is very difficult to get your pick out, and it is extremely fragile.
This is a nice pick holder, especially for the price. It sticks well to the guitar and is easy to use.
This is a great little addition to my guitar because otherwise picks end up getting lost everywhere.  One note: this does NOT come with any picks.  One customer said it did, but mine did not.  It has a sticky pad on the back, and sticks well to a wood guitar.  I even moved it once, and it still sticks fine.  It is spring loaded so that the top pick easily slides out.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this pick holder!  This is the second pick holder like this, that I have purchased (for different family members).
Has a double stick tape so you can place it in a handy place. Easy to reach and nice to have on hand.
Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder, this is very handled, always forget were my pick got off too, now I know my Picks is in the holder.
I bought one of these for a friend of mine, and he said it was the best thing he'd ever used to keep his picks out where he can readily get to them. I bought two more today.
I liked the fact i can insert more than 5 picks and they really stand tight and don't fall down. But the original glue was not string enought and the holder has fallen on the ground.
Great product.  I have ordered 6 or 7 or these.
This was another filler item for a much larger order.  I am always losing my guitar picks and this helps me keep track.  Simple idea but a good one.  Thanks.
It's a great pick holder, but I'm not fond of the sticky background.  Something 'clip-on' would have been more useful.
Holds my picks but if i move it to another part of my guitar it tends to have trouble sticking unless i force it on the guitar
All three of my kids have a guitar. They were always losing their picks. This pick holder is the neatest thing I have seen in a while! All of their picks fit snugly in it and it has adhesive on the back of it so it stuck nicely to the guitar. I highly recommend this pick holder to anyone who needs help keeping up with their guitar picks!
A little bigger than my other pick holder, so the pics aren't as fluid sliding in and out. Great price though.
I lose picks so easily I needed a pick hold.  This one sticks well to the guitar.  Locating a spot for it depends on you and your guitar.  Unless you keep it full of picks it will rattle. So I push one or two extra picks partly in the holder to stop it.  I might try it somewhere on the strap.
I placed mine on the back side of my amp, in a safe from bump spot. I keep a few picks in it for easy access and I always know where to find them. The double stick tape that came on it has worked well. It's a cost effective way to always have a few picks handy and not loose in a pocket, getting lost. Try one.
I bought this for my 11 year old daughter to help her keep up with her picks.  She loves it and is doing much better with not losing pics.  I stuck this on her amp so she would not mis-place it.
It serves its purpose.  Doesn't hold as many pick as I expected.  Looking back, can't see why I really need it.  A plastic bag does fine.  In fact, I don't think I've ever used after the first time I put the picks in it.  I just use the excess picks I put in a ziplock bag.
I've never had these before until recently. I ordered a set and it worked so well that I BOUGHT a couple more. The couple more that came in had a wider slot on them. I thought that was weird but didn't think to much about it until I started moving some PICS AROUND. Turns out the wider opened ones might work but not as well. This Picks fall out way easier than the smaller slotted ones.
NO MORE misplaced or lost picks!  This handy little device will fit perfectly in any out-of-the-way spot on your instrument.
Fulfils it's intended purpose...Holds several picks.non-marring adhesive on back won't damage guitar finishes.Easy to withdraw and replace picks.
I have one of these on my guitar and one on my ukulele. I can't imagine life without this pick holder -- before I was always losing picks and then I had to strum with my fingers which I don't like doing. Get one of these if you play with a pick!
I always have problem finding pick when I need them, and this product helps me solve the issue. It is easy to use.
