I bought this to try out on my baritone uke.It works great and is very easy to use.I use it with my Fender Mustang.I had no problem with the suction cup except on the rougher face of my Martin DX1.I was able to attach it to the smoother HPL back and sides using the suction cup.I wet it before attaching.You could also use a small clamp, blue painters tape, etc., for trouble mounting.It could be used on just about any instrument.  Some may need a clamp.It picks up anything it is attached to.It will feed back depending on how close and the angle to the amp.Pretty cool.Nice price.
I bought this pickup for placement in two ukeleles I own.The first ukelele was a Lanakai LU-21.  It installed pretty easily, except the adhesive lost its adhesion after I moved the pickup to a new location within the soundbox.  I need to get some stronger carpet tape or new adhesive to secure it more permanently in its new location.  It sounded great though -- several people commented on how loud and sweet the instrument sounded through a guitar amplifer and also through a mixer, amp and PA system.  We did have to boost the gain on the mixer significantly to get adequate volume, but we were able to project enough sound to do a dance for about 100 people.  Straight into a guitar amp, it gave plenty of volume.Happy with the results, I then installed a second one in a Mahalo painted/economy ukelele available here on Amazon.  The installation went well except the endpin jack wouldn't "stay put" in the sound hole.  On my Lanakai this was not a problem -- there is a ragged washer which goes on the inside of the endpin jack which is supposed to bite into the wood on the inside of the instrument.  It is supposed to stop the endpin jack from turning when you screw on a strap pin/bolt onto the endpin jack from the outside of the instrument.  On the Lanakai, this ragged-edged washer bit into the softer mahogany-like wood easily and did its job very well.  On the Mahalo, which is a smooth maple or pine, the ragged washer couldn't bite into the wood.  As a result, the endpin jack turned and turned when I tried to screw on the outer bolt/strap button and never went on tight enough.  I had to put masking tape around the end pin jack to make it fit snugly in the hole I created in the end block of the ukelele.  THEN there was enough resistance to allow me to install the strap button/end bolt very tightly.My biggest beef with this unit is the fact that it takes a 15/32 hole to fit it snugly in the ukelele.  This is an odd size, so you end up using a 7/16 drill bit which is common in most handyman drill bit sets.  Because this is too small, you have to make the hole 1/32" larger by whatever means you have available.  This was an agonizingly slow process when I tried to do it by hand, using a dowel with sandpaper wrapped around it.  A peg-hole reamer might have done a better job, but I didn't have one.So, I eventually found a dowel and glued some sandpaper to it, shoved it in my drill press, and slowly lifted my 7/16" hole in the ukelele into the spinning sanpaper dowel.  This took care of the sizing problem in a matter of seconds, although it was not a really tight fit, and necessitated the use of masking tape around the endpin jack in the Mahalo to stablize it in the hole.Also, the directions don't tell you much about the placement of the 3 nuts, 2 flat washers, ragged washer, and strap button/bolt that goes on the end of the jack.  I did it his way, starting from the inside of the ukelele:(Bolt1-Bolt2-thin washer-ragged washer)-- WALL OF THE UKELELE -- (outer thick washer, outer bolt3, outer strap pin/bolt).  The purpose of bolt1 is to stabilize bolt2.  This sequence of pieces worked on both instruments in which I installed the pickup.Overall, when played through different guitar amps, as well as a mixer/amp/PA system, I was pleased with the results of this unit in a ukelele.  I would buy another if I needed to amplify yet another accoustic instrument.
I am not going to say this pickup is the best thing since sliced bread, but it is built solidly and built to last. It is simple, practical, and cheap. There are obvious advantages and disadvantages to that. You don't buy $150.00 pickup for a $200-$300 instrument. Being able to plug in and be self-sufficient (in most rooms, especially at open mics) is easier and better than relying on a mic, especially for beginners, because it takes skill and discipline to stay within the mic's sweet spot. Also, some rooms/PA's/hosts do not work well when trying to mic an instrument. At least a pickup like this has the potential for keeping the sound front and center. (I will experiment with different instruments & write more about the quality later.)That said, there is only one piezo element, unlike a K&K; pickup, for example. So it is limited in giving you optimal sound, no matter where it is placed. Also, in case you cannot tell from the image, the soldering connection and wires are exposed on the jack, so it can only be used inside your instrument, which means drilling a hole.
I know when I ordered it, I was buying a cheap device, and didn't expect it to be great.  It works. That should be enough, but amazon requires a certain number of words.
Very authentic sound reproduction. Simple to install but be aware that the instructions are not very clear. The threaded end is 'holed' so you can hook it with a wire to pull it into position on the tailstock. You'll never get your arm in there far enough. LOLYou will need a 15/32nd drill bit to complete the install.
I was considering a $100  K&K pickup to amplify a $40 pawn shop guitar I have grown fond of,  I bought it to take to the beach and camping, places where I would be too nervouse to bring my expensive guitar.  I couldnt justify spending over double for a pickup than I did for the guitar so I bought this and am glad I did.  Arrived in one day, and I first experimented with different placements using the double sided adhesive  that came with it on the outside of the guitar, plugged my cord into it un-installed and played around for 20 minutes,  you'll notice a huge difference in sound from inch to inch.  Found a sweet spot near area &#34;2&#34; on the weak instructions.  I drilled my hole using a straigh bit because my end pin was screwed into a mahoghany block almost 1&#34; thick,  I didnt want a tapered hole from a reamer,  I wated a straight hole.  As others have noted,  it was impossible to fit my arm through the soundhole, so I inserted a philips screwdriver through the end pin hole,  and slid the jack onto the tip of the screwdriver to help guide it out through the hole after first slipping on the plain washer and then the friction washer with the little teeth to dig into the wood and hold.  Because you cant reach in there and hold the jack steady while tightening the outer nuts,  they give you holes through the threaded jack (very easy to go un-noticed)  I was able to spin the washer and nut on the threaded end,  and secure them by holding the threaded portion from spinning with an ice pick or awlinsde the jack through one of the small holes while I tightened the nut firmly.  Took 3 trys before I had it adjusted to the perfect length so that when I spun the nice little finishing cap on over the threads,  it tightened down just right with the threaded portion flush with the cap for a neat appearance.  Too much and it sticks out,  too little and theres not enough thread to tighten this cap on,  you adjust the length of the installed jack with the nut on the inside of the guitar,  theres plenty of threaded jack there to accomodate any thickness of the block of wood at the tail of the guitar where the 2 sides meet.  Plugged into my fender acoustasonic 30 and Wow was blown away by the sweet sound, I am so glad I saved a ton of money!  Ordered 2 more for my other guitars,  Even one for my nylon stringed acoustic since the pickup is not magnetic.  I will say this the output is very low, nessesitating that I turn up my amp to almost 10 to fill my livingroom,  this would not work for playing out without a preamp,  but I like that theres no battery,  and I plan to buy a strap mounted external preamp that I can economize and use one preamp for my 4 guitars rather then installing 4 preamp equipped pickups in all my guitars at $100+ each!  Terrific bargain for the price!!!
So i decided to amplify my Martin Dreadnaught (a really, really nice acoustic guitar). I didn't want to spend a lot if it just wouldn't sound good with a pickup, and saw this had consistently good ratings. I can't speak for other acoustic pickups, but this far exceeded my expectations, and I don't plan on buying a more expensive piezo, or soundhole pickup.ATTACHING ITUnfortunately the narrow portion of the barrel is not long enough to fit through the end/tail block; and I didn't want to drill a new hole in my not-so-cheap guitar just to test out a relatively cheap pickup.So I attached the pickup in the regular position inside the body behind the bridge, and just ran the cable out from the sound hole. The jack is held onto the pickguard with some scotch outdoor mounting tape (which is kind of like really strong gum, it can be removed without leaving sticky residue); which holds it in place well enough to plug in a cable and move around as long as I don't jerk the guitar quickly.SOUND QUALITYI plugged it into my cheap, regular guitar amp, and whoa! The package mentions two locations you can place the pickup, and because I needed to run it through the sound hole, I could only place it where more treble is picked up. So I have to compensate on my amp by turning down the treble to 7 or lowerBecause the pickup is a transducer, no electrical feedback/interference is picked up, so the sound will be very clear and crisp. It would probably sound even better on an amp with better electric shielding; the only noise I get even at max gain, max input volume, is from the amp itself, heard with every instrument I plug into it if I turn the master volume up too high.Another thing to consider is that transducers pickup vibrations, so it won't pick up sound when placed a millimeter away from the guitar body, but will when touching it. So with that in mind, the pickup will strongly output every sound you make to the guitar body; like it brushing up against your body, a zipper hitting the guitar, your fingers sliding on the strings etc.
This pickup is pretty good at lower volumes. But it becomes a feedback nightmare at higher volume. The pickup is very, over sensitive.Also, spend some time where exactly you place the pickup, it makes a big difference! Try to put it near a solid part of the instrument so it does not pickup so much and make the cound like the bottom of a cave or something.
I bought this as a cheap way to amplify my acoustic. Learned my lesson. Should of just forked over the money for an a/e. I have a Yamaha F335 I really like. I say someone take a piezo transducer to amplify his guitar so I thought I'd try it. I first picked up a transducer for about $3 and experimented. I like it, sounded good then I saw this from Axl and I thought I'd try it. Installing it wasn't bad except I bought a set of drill bits I didn't need for $10. So I got it installed and plugged it in and from the start the sound was alright. I just wanted it for playing around at home so I didn't need real great sound quality. But sound was ok except it picks up every bang and knock especially my planet waves I think quick connect strap connector. My other complaint is I couldn't turn it up too loud without the feedback screeching. Overall product quality is good. Setup was ok. Price was good. Sound in my opinion needs some tweaking.
I first installed one of these in a new 'laminated' guitar, to test it and I was truly blown away by the quality of the sound! I had purchased this guitar for practicing during our cold and dry, New England winter!The sound was so good that I ended up putting another one into my prized, 1973 Guild Madeira (built in Japan!). This guitar sounds much better than the laminated Fender does and this pickup reproduces it accurately through my Fender amplifier's 'clean' setting.I tried attaching the pickups in various positions but found that I liked the sound the best when the pickup was attached slightly below, towards the bottom of the guitar and slightly favoring the treble strings side of the bridge, just off center in the lower X-bracing.YouTube has several good installation videos that show you exactly how-to install an acoustic pickup such as this one.I've used these pickups now to record several of my favorite guitar pieces. It's wonderful, no longer having to keep the guitar perfectly still with relations to an external, stand mounted microphone!If you wish to record your acoustic guitar, this is an effective and very inexpensive solution for that!
The fact that it is passive really kills it. I just could not get any sound out of it, I tried multiple placements. I finally just bought a guitar with a pickup in it. Not worth the money, or the extra hole in your guitar.
I have a lot of guitars and do all the work on them myself.A couple of secrets to installing the mike pickup:After you drill the hole, and are trying to figure out just how to get thejack into place from the inside of the guitar, do this;Get a guitar/patch cable and run it through the hole you just drilled until you can grab it throughthe sound hole. jack into the AXL and then pull it out the hole using your cable. You may have to dothis a couple of times to get the jam nuts set for the right depth, so having a way to make this processeasier is a big help. Also, I did not use the giant endpin collar that came with the assy, as it just takesup a lot of thread space to accomplish nothing.Finding a sweet spot on smaller guitars/ukulele/mandolin's can be close to impossible because the soundhole is actually so small, you can't get your hand in, and finger length is as far as you can go, so in most cases, go in the direction of the low E string side as this is what is typically lacking on the smaller instruments unless you have Jimi Hendrix hands and in that case, congratulations.Finally, on Travel guitars; GET RID OF THE GIANT STRINGS THAT COME ON SOME OF THESE THINGS!My SX traveller came in with 11-54's and I could not even hear the low E string. I had an old set of electric 10-46's I took off of a BB King Lucille, and just for the heck of it swapped them out; Man what a difference; actually so much difference that I really didn't need the AXL I just installed even though it's a fun addition.As far as an amp, I have a little HoneyTone that has been feeling out of place alongside my very large amp arsenal, and just may have found a home, as it is about as small as you can get to go along with the Travel guitar.
This is a hit-or-miss product.  For me it fell short but for others it seems to work very well.  It's not a total loss since I can reuse the endpin jack with the soundhole solution I ended up with.  It was cheap enough that it was worth taking a chance on.
