I bought this to tune my 12-string without using the end jack. The headstock is angled back the adjustments that this screen makes have made it easier to see and it is sensitive enough &#8220;feel&#8221; the tone of each string with only minor plucking.  I use it on Chromatic but it includes: Bass, Uke and Guitar too.
Easy to use works as advertised, use it for my various stringed instruments. For the price I am very pleased.
I received the Fender Clipon Chrome Tuner in a very short time.  I know it will live up to the Finder name.  Very easy to use.
Easy to use and the clip is sturdy. A bit slow compared to the Snarks I own but I like it.
For a Fender licensed product, the build seems a bit on the cheap side, the plastic is kinda dollar store quality, but this tuner tunes very well, comparable to more expensive Korgs or Snarks. The screen is bright, and while it does not change color, the dial is easy to read. Buy a couple and leave one in your guitar case and another one in your car, so you can always tune up for those unexpected performances.
I bought two of these. Small but well lighted screen. Very quick reaction to string. I liked it from the very first tuning. It is quicker and more responsive than other tuners I have that cost twice the price. It is small and doesn't look like a huge lump on the headstock.  Operates with one 3V 2032 Battery, included. I plan on buying a few more for other guitar cases and as gifts for my musician friends around birthdays and X-mas.
5 stars because it works as its described, and has a nice display. I like this better than my old Snark. It's got a better build quality than the Snark for sure.
super tight, and very accurate... i'm not a fenfer fan but I really love this tuner... I recommend this one to anyone...
I have owned two Snark headstock tuners (the blue ones). They are great products but I find one thing about them absolutely infuriating: the design of the "ball joint" that connects the tuner to the clip. Both of my Snarks have broken off at this joint. I am a home player - I do not put the tuners under any type of stress.This Fender tuner is a great alternative. The way the tuner connects to the clip is much more sturdy than a Snark. However, as others have mentioned, this Fender tuner display can not rotate as freely as a Snark. So, for live usage it may prove difficult depending on how it is oriented. However, for the home player, this tuner will work just fine.The tuner itself is much smaller than I thought it would be. It is smaller than a Snark (but not by much). The clip works well with a PRS headstock, which does not have a lot of free real estate compared to a Strat style headstock.The only real negative I see is to change the battery (and to put the first battery in) requires the use of a very, very small phillips head screwdriver. I build computers so I had one handy, but I would guess some people probably dont have a screwdriver small enough to do the job on hand.
I liked this tuner, the look, the size, the ease of use, the quality performance, until it died. I think what happened is I just left it on too long. My problem was that in order to turn the power off you have to hold the power button rather than simply pressing and releasing it. Since it died that first time, it doesn't seem to perform the same. I also haven't really paid much attention to it since it died because I sent another similar tuner in for replacement, and I got an acoustic guitar that has an on-board tuner and a tuner pedal for electric guitar.I wouldn't recommend against this product. Just remember to hold the power button to turn it off.
I have tried some others and was not to happy since they really did not tune the strings correctly (the sound was off slightly). This seems to be good for a &#34;quick tune&#34;, but like the pelal with cord plug in better. The pedal types are much bigger and you will have to carry more stuff out when going to a gig. This does work in a pinch without a lot of bigger equipment.
This is my first electric tuner.  As a percussionist-turned-bass-player, I goofed off, stick twirled and snored through countless hours of tuning in band class over the years. Not surprisingly, I kind of laughed at my own peril when it came time to tune my new instrument.  I grabbed this particular model because it was inexpensive and positively reviewed.  It does the trick.  It's small, accurate enough to get by with general practice (I can correct minor tuning issues by ear).  However, now that I have been using it for a few months, I have noticed that it does not give a very stable reading of pitch.  For example, if I go through and tune all the strings it will read a hair high/low on the next pass, and yet again on a third pass... If you need something &#34;no-fuss&#34; and accurate the first time around to the spot, you might want to invest in something a little more robust.  But, for standard/practice tuning, this is a fine accessory
Good tuners. Can tune several different instruments. Just be careful you have it set to the right instrument when you are tuning or you will go through a lot of strings. I have several of these. They are a great size and can be left on your instrument if you desire. Personally I prefer the Snark tuner but these are a fairly close second.
For a cheap tuner, this one is pretty good - it's about as accurate as the Snark, and not as delicate (the ball joint on the Snark makes it prone to breakage if you're not careful packing it in a case or gigbag).The display is large and bright.  I wouldn't use it to intonate an instrument, but for quick knockaround tuning, it's fine.
I have been using an app on my cell phone until I purchased this from Amazon.  This thing is awesome. It's so cool that you just clip it from guitar to guitar and not have to worry about plugging anything in to it.  Oh and it turns itself off after 60 seconds of no sound.  It does get a little sensitive when tuning, in the sense of that it is easy to go past your mark.  But the more I use it, the better feel I get for it.  If you don't have one, get one.
This little guy worked just as advertised. It's a tremendous tuner for gigging or practice when you forget your tuner or dont' feel like bringing it. It won't work the best for getting intonation right, but it hits regular tuning perfectly. Super easy to use and a must-have for anybody who gigs out.
There are some more compact units out there (like planet waves), and the intellitouch PT10 is a little clearer to read, but this baby is great for the price. I leave it on my Strat while I play as it can be easily turned on/off as needed and stays relatively hidden behind the head stock. The back lighting is clear enough and the tuner is as accurate as my foot switch tuner. Overall, great deal for the price.
this is the most ergonomic tuner there is it functions well it is sturdy and it fits in ur pocket! count on fender to give u a good product!
I bought two for 10 bucks each. They work great on my acoustic and electric guitars. Easy to see, and it centers quickly when tuning, without drifting all over the place. The only thing I would do to improve is add an off button. There is an ON button but the tuner will stay on as long as you are plucking/strumming strings. It will turn itself off in one minute if you stop playing, but I usually start right into playing after tuning. The only reason to turn it off would be to conserve battery life. This is a great little tuner and I am glad I bought it.
Purchased this tuner awhile back to be able to check my tuning periodically without having to access my in line tuner. This is a great tuner IF YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE USING IT FOR. With that being said, this little clip on is not intended for gig use per say. If that is what you are looking for, an inline tuner would be much more efficient and accurate. This little guy is best suited to practice (if you are like me and don't use your primary rig for at home practice and don't feel like breaking out the old pedal chain) it does the job and does it well. Now could you use it for a gig? Sure I suppose so, but bear in mind that it is not an "in-line" tuner therefore any excessive background noise will cause the accuracy to be a bit off. For the price it can't be beat. It swivels (although not much) but enough that you can clip it on, read the nicely lit LCD and tune up quickly. Great product that every player should keep in the case with their guitar.
