I use 2 to stereo mic my egnater, works great, nice sound, to my ears not much different from an SM-57 and is a fraction of the price. It's not an audio professionals mic but good enough for me! Too noisy for hand held vocals, put it a mic stand instead.
Works as well as my friend's condenser mic that cost him three times as much. Great mic for the price.
I've used both the ES-57 and ES-58 for several years now. They are a fantastic mic, great quality and construction. I love how hefty they are. I've got 6 of these and plan to buy more when needed. I would probably suggest a higher end if you were studio recording but I set up for live sound in and outdoors and these work great. I have several brands (some more expensive) but I always come back to GLS.
This is the equivalent to the Shure SM-57 except for a quarter of the price. The quality is almost the same and in terms of recording they are pretty much the same as well. There allow a more natural sound than the SM57 I believe and are thus a better product!
This microphone pics up instruments quite a bit better than my SM57s. It's quite a bit stronger of a microphone also.  I am really impressed with this mic!  The only thing I'd like to see is that it would come with a cover (bag) like the Shure mics do.  Other than that, you save a heck of a lot of money for the same and even better quality!  Thanks a lot!
I had read many reviews on SM57 clone microphones to see if there was anything that did the job. It seems everyone who has given an opinion on this subject all seemed to agree on one microphone. The GLS ES57. (Same with the SM 58/ES58). I had to give it a shot. I run the sound for local bands and I use SM's because they can take abuse and still sound great. Only time will tell if this mic will be able to take the same amount of abuse but so far I really like it. The frequency band is not identical to the SM57 as some others have said. A little less bass but that doesn't mean it is a thin sound - it certainly is not. I can get it to sound the same as the SM if I EQ it slightly but I like the natural sound anyway. Also, the signal is a bit hotter but I really like the tone for both vocals and for instruments. Value for money it can't be beat. If you are on a budget, get one....
A great instrument mic using it on bass cabinet, instead of a line out for that real live hit.And the ES-57 is equal to the Shure SM-57 at $60.00 less.
Quality is really outstanding for the price. Sound is clear and crisp. I get a lot of feedback, but I guess that it is not because of the microphone.
This mic is excellent, it's pretty much a straight up clone of an sm-57  and for the money there are no mic's even close to this one. Also the price at orange county speaker's website is $29 and $25 in store so I'm not entirely sure why it's $50 on Amazon.
I wouldn't be surprised if a big time professional musician might be able to tell the difference between this and the Shure it imitates, but for our amateur purposes it was bad to the bone good.
I bought this to replace my Blue Snowball because I've reached that point where I require something that sounds a little bit more professional than what I was using. Before I begin my review, I'd like to mention that I use this with a Behringer 302USB Premium 5-Input Mixer with XENYX Preamp (copy and paste that into Amazon's search to find it). So my review is based on this thing being plugged into that thing.Okay, my pros and cons.Pros1. My voice sounds great with this thing. Before I was using a Snowball and my podcast partner told me it sounded like I was in a &#34;chamber&#34;. With this, my voice is strong and clear...and even a little bassy which is nice because I don't have a naturally bassy voice. I'm extremely satisfied with how well this thing makes me sound. It is WORLDS better than USB mics like the Blue Snowball. Worlds better.2. It's heft, heavy, and feels well made. This might be the most expensive-feeling device I own. It's heavy but it in a good way. The materials feel high quality. This feels like a professional microphone.3. It comes with a mic stand holder thing. Never say no to free stuff.Cons1. The only thing I can think of is that it doesn't come with its own cable. You'll need to buy an XLR cable on your own. It's not bad enough to deduct a star.There are people who are comparing this to the Shure SM57 and other microphones. Here's the thing, I am an amateur. Before I owned this mic, I was using a Blue Snowball and before that, my laptop webcam mic. So I am not the authority. All I can tell you is that this thing sounds freaking amazing. My podcast co-host immediately noticed the difference and couldn't tell me enough of how much better I sounded and that's over a Skype call (we podcast using Skype). So if you're looking for a vocal/podcast mic, this is a great, cheap option. Are there better options? Sure, but not for this price. Not even close. Recommended wholeheartedly.
I expected this Shure SM57 knock-off to disappoint me. I was not. For 30 bucks this thing does the job. There is a bit of handling noise but not enough to complain about. I put a windscreen on it to eliminate pops and wind noise. I recommend this mic for vocals. I've had fun with it. As far as longevity and durability, time will tell.
I own a GLS ES-58 and am very happy with it so when I need a mic for my guitar cab I went with a GLS-57 and couldn't be happier. These mics are very solid and I can't tell them from the real deal. I have done side by side comparison of both the real 57 and knock off 57 mics and unless you are some kind of sonic freak I doubt you would notice any difference. I am about to purchase three more of these 57 mics for the rest of the bands intruments.
Loved this Mic when I hooked it up, it sounds great and for the price you can't go wrong.  Wish that it had a on/off switch but you can get around that.  Great for instruments and vocals as well.  Was delivered on time as well, amazon is the best and have the best vendor.
I've been using Shure microphones live and in the studio for nearly thirty years now and I can honestly say that I can hear no audible differences between a genuine Shure SM-57 and this GLS Audio ES-57.This isn't based on any scientific data, it's based on A/B'ing this mic and a Shure 57 on the same tube amp at the same volume and distance going through the same mic pre. I made sure that I marked the exact location of the mic with a little masking tape on the amp's speaker grill. I recorded about 30 seconds of the same simple chord progression first with the Shure mic, and then this one. When you play them back either through studio monitors or some very good Bose headphones you can hear no audible difference between the two. If you were to examine the tracks in a waveform editor I'm sure you'll see some visual differences (but they are also two different performances), but my ears really hear nothing audibly different. Some may disagree, but I'm convinced.This mic is built solidly and weighs the same as the Shure and for all intents and purposes looks almost identical both inside and out.Is it as good as the Shure? I don't know, I think so - others may not. I do know that you can buy three of these for the price of one Shure 57 though. I'd highly recommend these on guitar cabinets, snare drums, and toms for sure, maybe vocals in a pinch on a particular type of voice.A no-brainer as far as I can tell.
I have had the Shure version of this mic (not naming any names haha) and this mic is just as good! Actually, I take it back, it's better than the shure mic because this one isn't overpriced!!
Wow, I will never buy another SM-57 again. I can't believe I'm writing this, but it's ture. I am so psyched that I found this microphone, it's perfect.But seriously, the sound quality has never once disappointed me. In fact, and it might just be in my head, but I now prefer to use this when micing my guitar amp. But everyone else has talked about sound, so I want to talk about build quality.It's solid, has some weight to it, and the plastic at the top feels exactly right: so far, it hasn't come loose in the way that SM-57s do. If I handed this and a SM-57 to my grandma who doesn't know any better, she'd probably guess that the ES-57 was a bit higher-end. I continually look at it and can't believe I only paid $30 for it.Get one. Nah, get a bunch! Sell your SM-57s for $60 and turn them into two of these. Magic!
This is a great value! I was able to record some very good quality guitar tracks using this. It doesn't sound exactly like an sm57, but it will get you close. You can EG your amp to compensate for the difference.
This mic has a very solid construction and looks and feels like a SM57.  I liked what it did to live vocals vs an old mic I have that seemed to give everyone small shocks (and probably cost way more in the day).  I originally bought this to check the hype out and can say that I will likely get more as needed instead of buying SM57s.  I have not recorded with this yet, but from what I heard online, I think it will do just fine.
This Mike is an awesome value you could pay twice or three times more and the frequency response is excellent service was super fast I would've no problem buying from these folks again in the future
