Wanted a way to plug in my BOSS ME70 to save on batteries. Didn't want to drop the money on a BOSS PSA, so I got this one instead which does the same job, just for less money.
Bought it for using Danelectro mini amp, so I don't need to worry about the battery.  It works perfectly as an adaptor should be, & you won't have any surprise by its performance. :)  two stars out because of comparing the price with the mini amp (less than $20), the adaptor is pricy ($8.50), but it still saves me $$ for the long runs.
I got this to power my Danelectro Honeytone amp since it eats batteries like candy.  It's a power adaptor, so it isn't too exciting, but it works fine.
I use this mostly with my Honeytone mini amplifier and Reel Echo tape echo simulator. Works very well with no problems. A lot of Danoelectro pedals may eat up batteries and this is a great alternative when you have access to Ac voltage outlets.
I was having some problems with my Ego Compressor comp getting noisey, sent it back and found out that It Had been using a slightly drained battery, so I got one of these and it is great, nice and quiet again, half the price of the boss one.
This is the best little guitar pedal adapter I've used, and I've used many over the last three decades. It's exceptionally quiet, which many are not, and it puts out 9.6 volts, which will drive your pedals a little more solidly than all but a brand new alkaline battery. And you won't have to buy a new one every dozen hours!I've used this on a splitter to drive three pedals, but at four and up I can hear the current drop a bit. Still, that's a good thing because it reminds me that tone comes from my fingers, not a box on the floor. But it sure is nice to have some Gilmouresque delay, and a little extra gain driving the tubes, and this is the best 9v adapter for pedals available that I know of, including the Boss ones. Dan has released some cool, well-made pedals in the past 15 years, and this little wall wart is a worthy companion.A very good deal at 15 clams.
As stated in the title, this adapter is what you need if you use your Danelectro a lot and are going through too many batteries. You can now plug it into the wall! As advertised, it keeps electric current hum to a minimum and has functioned fine for the year or so I've owned it. The reason I took off one star is because the wire is really thin and doesn't seem too durable, so because of this I have been very careful so it doesn't get broken. You might be able to find an off-brand adapter for cheaper but this one is made for the Honeytone so you won't risk ruining it.
...is a must if you have any of the Danelectro/FAB pedals.  As anyone who has one of these pedals knows they eat 9-volts like candy, this is the solution.  You get one of these and hook it up to a power splitter (Search for Visual Sound One Spot Multi-Plug 5 Cable) and you are good to go for up to 5 pedals!  No more battery swaps, no more searching for a 9-volt every 5 minutes...
What can I say lower priced than most and very low distortion I could Not hear the hum but for multi pedals to save on cost I use a godlyke power supply but this Is a good power pack.
Got this to use with the Behringer compressor I ordered with this. They are not indicated as compatible but it worked great! Price was right. I already own two and had no problems. Quiet. No hummmmm. Buy it if you need a wall wart.
