This is one of the cleanest sounding mini-amps you'll find.  Mine has no hiss or noise through the headphones.  It uses JFET components which get close to a tube amp sound.  It does sound tinny through the 2" speaker, but AM radio sounded just as bad through 2" speakers.  I hated it at first until I plugged in a set of headphones and turned down the O. Drive knob.  Very clean but I could get some character out of it by tweaking the guitar's volume knob.  Turning the O.Drive knob up just a bit adds some sparkle.  Of course you can get really distorted sounds from the amp.  I'm building a speaker cab with a Jensen 6" speaker just for this amp.  According to many reports it will drive a 1x12 cab.
This tiny little amp is great for practicing outside or in a canoe or while hang gliding.  But it is not very good at parties.  it cannot compete with the noise level that 20 people in conversation can make.  It is cheap, so you should just get one.  I am having great fun experimenting around with different settings, instruments, and power feed voltage levels.  (see the danelectro power supply for this thing, really cool!)
This little amp is exactly what my son needed for his acoustic guitar's output while playing outside on the porch. The amp produces a much "bigger" sound with much better quality than expected. This does eat up 9v batteries so we also picked up an AC power adapter for when he uses this in the houses.We also like that this has a headphone jack, which cuts the sound to the speaker when plugged in.Highly Recommend! Note: We have the "Burgundy" color one.CFH
This is 10 watt walkman size guitar amplifier. The controls are Volume/ off, Tone, and overdrive. It also has a headphone jack. In my honest opinion, it is a good headphone amplifier to use when to need to practice without disturbing people around you. The speaker sound is fine for a clean sound ( like jazz, or country) or semi distorted and more (rock). If your looking for an small amp. that will do metal this may not be for you. Defintely get the Danelectro DA-1 AC power adapter instead of batteries because you may go through them quick. Overall it's pretty good.
If you are getting this amp only for portable practice and just want to hear what you are playing and do not care if it sounds great then you will be happy with this little amp.  It sounds surprisingly good for twenty bucks. I said good, not loud.  Loud enough, yes. I suggest buying a power brick so you can plug it in for daily home use because the batteries only last for about five hours of playing time.  This is a great little amp for camping, a quick lesson, or going to a friends house for a little jamming etc.. If you keep your expectations reasonable you will be pleased.  Great color and retro style as well.
i have been a gigging guitarist for over 50 years now.i own all the coveted amps/guitars/fxfor the last few years i have been doing an outside gig on the weekends in a small mountain tourist town.i've used all the roland cubes that are battery powered.they were just fine.on a lark, i bought this danelectro honeytone. i'd read some good reviews and $20.00 isnt much money.i was shocked. going guitar straight into the amp produces great clean and od tones. but in my gig i have been using a boss me-25 with all my presets for my set plus a boss rc-2 looper and lastly, my phone with all my backing tracks. i play rythm, leads and sing in my gig.i connected all this to the single input of the n-10, put volume 1/2 and tone the same. od turned off. the sound is rich, full and IMHO sounds just as good as my roland cube street ($299.00).i have all the volume i need and great tone. the 9v battery lasts the entire 2 hr set.i am AMAZED by this amp.
I use this amp for playing in my small apartment and it works great. The clean and distortion channels both sound good paired with the Danelectro Model 59 M.
After reading numerous reviews talking about the exceptional volume and tone of this amp, for the price (about $16-$17) I had to try it.When I plugged my acoustic into this, I was very pleased to find those reviews are accurate.  First, let's not expect $500 double 16&#34; sound from a portable 9v amp.  Once that reality is recognized, it's realized this puts out far better sound than one would ever expect from an amp this size and price.I would note that the sound you get out of this amp-- as with any amp-- will be directly relational to the quality of guitar and pickup you're feeding from.  I tried this on three different guitars and each one sounded significantly different.  One had very rich tone, another sounded &#34;tinny&#34;, another had a passive pickup and required I turn the HoneyTune up quite a bit more than the one with active pickup.  So it won't sound the same on every guitar.That said, if your guitar has good tone and your pickup is good, this amp is simply awesome.  I've had it only one day so I haven't put it through the test of time... but first-impressions are that I will buy more of these in the future (I need more than one portable amp).My sister visited and heard it right after I opened the box, and she was impressed as well.  Neither of us expected this kind of sound from such a small amp.  And I have to say, the aqua color is major retro.  Gotta luv it.I've been looking for &#34;the&#34; portable amp for some time.  This is the best I've found to date and the value for price is a perfect balance. I don't know as I'd pay the $40-$50 for this guitar shops often ask, but the Amazon price is perfect. : )One last thing:  Danelectro branded 9v battery included, same color as the amp. Priceless.
The Danelectro mini amp was an impulse buy for me, but this thing is fantastic! clean tones to woodstock fuzz, this thing belts 'em out. only complaint- battery doesn't last too long. get a power adapter. otherwise- GREAT PRACTICE AMP!
