I've been playing guitar for over 10 years and decided to take up ukulele as an extra little hobby.This one is pretty decent, especially at the price point. Not exactly the pinnacle of quality, but good enough to learn on and it comes with a case and a booklet with some basic songs and a chord chart. It doesn't seem to drop tuning enough to be too bad of a nuisance, but if I haven't picked it up for a few days it does need some tweaking.
I'm a guitar, piano and bass player, as well a private music teacher.  I also received formal training in guitar-building and have been commissioned to build instruments for amateur and professional musicians.I ordered this ukelele on the strength of the reviews here at Amazon, and I was pleased with this instrument when it arrived.  I was really surprised at how loud this particular instrument is for its size.  It's only about 19" long (approximately) with nylon strings, but it really puts out a strong volume and really nice tone.  It has geared tuners, not peg-style tuners that seem to go out of tune easily.Although I've never played ukelele, I was able to play songs like Brown Eyed Girl, Old MacDonald Had a Farm, and Do You Wanna Dance in about a 1/2 hour using the chord book that comes with the book.  I did this drawing on my guitar-playing knowledge.Also, my daughter, who is a piano player and 11 years old,  picked up the ukelele.  In about 15 minutes was able to play Row Row Row Your Boat, which is in the instruction booklet which comes with the uke.  I see this as a good buy for beginners and a good starter instrument for young children who might like to move over to guitar eventually.Two concerns though -- mine came with a couple small dents in the back of the ukelele -- nothing major, but I could see them -- looks like someone hit it on something.  Also, most stringed instruments go out of tune for a short while after you put new strings on them.  This one wouldn't stay in tune for more than one song when I started playing with it.  I yanked on the strings to stretch them, kept retuning it and playing it, and it would still go out of tune.  This is improving, and I'm trusting the reviews here that say it goes out of tune "at first".  I'm expecting the tuning problem to disappear as the strings get stretched and the windings around the tuners tighten out any slack.[note:  Two days later, after about 8 hours of playing the instrument is staying in tune better and better; I expect the problem to correct itself as the string get stretched]The little 5-page booklet has basic chords and songs--  Row Row Row Your Boat, Are You Sleeping, He's Got the Whole World in His Hands, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, Amazing Grace, and When Irish Eyes are Smiling.  There was also a blurb about a famous ukelele player who authored the pamphlet on how to play the Ukelele and is the founding member of Louisville Ukelele Association Unlimited (LUAU!)-- a ukelele band.Overall, I'm happy with this ukelele, and fully expect the tuning problem to go away with use.
This was an impulse buy.  After playing the guitar for many years I thought a ukulele would be a fun addition, and I was right.  This one proved that you don't have to spend big bucks for a nice instrument.  It has a great sound, appears to be good quality and well made, all for a very reasonable price. At first it didn't seem to stay in tune for more than a day, I decided that it was likely due to new strings as it seemed to improve after a few months.  If your a beginner and am looking for good quality without spending a lot, this is a nice instrument.
My first uke so I cannot compare, but it sounds great. I don't know what stock strings it came loaded with but they sounded just fine!
Although I purchased a Lanikai LU-21 ukulele some time ago, I have not had the chance to play it for hundreds of hours.  Despite that, I've been highly impressed with its quality and sound.  As some reviewers note, nylon strings have a tendency to go out of tune pretty quickly and to fret sharp; however, that's more of a function of the strings than a function of the ukulele.  The Lanikai frets well all the way up the fretboard, although as seems to be the case with soprano ukuleles in general, it tends to sound better and more resonant in its lowest range.  The tuners seem solid and all four function consistently and the construction looks to be pretty solid as well.  If I were going to be playing gigs, I'd probably look for a more expensive and presumably higher quality instrument (and I probably would not purchase it without trying it first), but for having some fun, this is a workable and recommended instrument.
Great ukulele! Very light which is nice. Intonation is spot on looks beautiful too.A perfect soprano ukulele for a beginner or an experienced player looking for a nicelooking affordable ukulele!
I play a few stringed instruments, and ukulele isn't one of them. But after seeing so many great uke players lately- Jake Shimaukuro, Joe Brown- I had a hankering to try some ukulele playing myself. I wanted a playable instrument, and I didn't feel like spending a lot of money. I've tried $30-40 ukes in stores that were big disappointments- bad intonation, no tone, etc. After reading reviews here and elsewhere I decided to risk a purchase.Result? This is a surprisingly good instrument for less than fifty bucks. Sure, it doesn't have the volume or the rich tone of a soprano with a solid top, but it delivers good tone, excellent intonation, and good playability at a very good price. It may not be a 5-star intrument- but it's a 5-star value.If you're thinking about trying ukulele, but you're not sure you want to buy an expensive instrument right away, I would strongly recommend an LU-21. Even after you buy a better uke, this is a great one to keep on hand to shove into the hands of unsuspecting guests, so that you can play ukulele duets!
I bought one of these used that was just like new when I got it.  The craftsmanship is amazing as is the sound quality of this little ukulele.  The build quality, the Aquila strings, and the tuning keys are very high quality.  You can sound great with one of these little instruments in no time.  I downloaded a Lanikai booklet off the internet and was on my way.  It is pure fun to play one of these ukuleles.I bought this for my granddaughter and would suggest a larger model for any adult with larger fingers. Some of the chords are hard to form due to the small size of the frets.  I am still stoked at playing this until my granddaughter takes over on this one.
There seems to be a trend in using a Ukulele in modern music these days. A guitar player for 20 years now I decided to give it a try. This was a low risk (cost) way for me to get my feet wet without committing. It takes a little getting used to with such a small instrument, little neck and only 4 strings but it sure is a blast to play. I wont be making an upgrade any time soon but the sound and build quality is reasonable for the price and for the few songs I use if for it will serve me fine. Highly recommend.
I don't have experience with toy instruments, but have lots of experience with better quality ones including professional and semi professional ones. I'm not a ukulele player, and this one is for my daughter, whose high school ukulele club features players with a variety of instruments for me to compare this one to.I found this one to be made well enough that it plays well. The frets are properly aligned, and the instrument stays in tune. Notes played on alternate frets are in tune as well as I would expect relative to each other. The tuning issues others have mentioned relative to break in periods are no different from what you would expect on violins or guitars, and are perfectly normal.Although this plays well, I was disappointed with the workmanship. Since I did not see similar comments from others, perhaps mine is not representative. But the workmanship is somewhere closer to the level of lower quality instruments I've seen of other types.The finishing quality is not out of line for the price range, but does not approach what other reviewers have led me to believe. The wood is not properly finished where the neck meets the body, and there are clear sanding marks in the wrong direction. It looks as if it had been finished in a hurry by somebody who had no intention of doing a quality job.A less important issue has to do with the grain. Normally, instrument makers will try to line up the grain with the direction of the body. On mine, the grain is at a slant, giving the impression that the neck is slightly bent. It's an optical illusion, but not a sign of higher quality instrument making.The workmanship issues are cosmetic, and I'm still quite satisfied with the way the instrument plays. The finishing issues will not be visible when being played, and the tonal quality is about what I'd expect from an instrument with such a small resonating chamber. Perhaps there are better sounding soprano models out there, but at this price point it's what I expect. If you are disappointed and want something better, expect to pay at least double.
