This is not a top tier condenser mic, but it is well worth the 40 dollar price tag. It has 2 different pattern modes as well as a gain boost switch. The carrying case is also nice.Do not expect this to be MXL or even Behringer B-1 quality, but it's still better than no condenser, and is perfect for doing room acoustics or live mic'ing.
I tested in my friend recording studio and work really good trust me for the price it over the top
Seems to work well.  Like the other reviewers said, you could probably pay 150 more and get the same thing.  solid construction.  getting used to the attachment.  It will never stand in the position like in the photo.  There's no resistance on that joint so it flops down.  Just place it upside down.  Record using a headset or you'll get too much feedback.  Just ordered a shorter stand.  Hope that it works with that joint that makes it stand head down.
No complaints at all. I use this for vocals and recording acoustic through a Pod Studio UX2. Have had tons of compliments on the sound. People can't belive its a 50 dollar mic when I tell them. Such a fantastic price on this, can't beat it.
I'm just getting into miking and recording music, mainly to get my son off to a good start. I'm kind of feeling my way. When I wasn't getting a good result from a dynamic mic, a friend suggested a pre-amp and/or a condenser mike. I ended up getting both (the AMP tube pre-amp) and running this through the AMP into my Tascam DP-008. WOW! I have to work on getting the levels matched properly, but this thing is just SO much cleaner than the dynamic mics when used on an acoustic guitar. Our music sessions have slowed down a bit (he just turned 16, so hanging with the Old Man is the LAST thing on his mind, LOL), but this is a quality piece of equipment that seems durable. Includes a nice hard plastic carry-case, too. For this kind of money, you can't really go wrong.
For the money, this mic performs very well. It is very sensitive, I can hear my computer fans in the background with this mic. If you are going to use it for recording make sure you have a quiet room. I also put a pop filter on it. I've only had it a day, so I'll see how it does in the long run.
this is my first real recording microphone. I really like it.  I use it to record vocal with my home studio setup and it does a good job
After reading all of the reviews here and around the Internet, I took a chance since this is my first professional-level microphone. I'm glad I did because it's really great.One thing you will need, though, is a phantom power unit. I wish I could remember which one I got here on Amazon (I think it was about $25-$35) but it worked great. Excellent sound quality, much better than any other mic I've used.
[Later: The mic is indeed the Behringer C-1, but Amazon has provided it with the description belonging to the C-1U.  Unlike Amazon's description, this is not a mic that comes with USB plug, phantom power, and computer connectivity. And, of course, none of the advertised "included" computer software programs is included.  It's a conventional studio mic that requires connection to a regular amp / P.A. with an XLR jack and phantom power. It will NOT connect to the USB port of a computer without an expensive adapter and a preamp with phantom power.  Moreover, Amazon's form thus far is denying a refund and offering only replacement--presumably for another mic just like this one! If you want the described mic, Amazon is showing it from a different vendor--at about 30 more plus S&H.;]The Behringer C-1 mic is the best condenser mic I've used for the money, its large diaphragm capable of reproducing some of the rich and deep sonorities of the costly, high-end mics at the radio station (NPR) where I occasionally work.  However, Behringer makes a distinction between the C-1 and the C-1U.  The description on Amazon fits the C-1U, not the C-1.  So one way or another, 50% of the purchasers of this product are likely to be surprised and disappointed.Indeed, the C-1U is a phantom-powered mic that doesn't require phantom power, which it derives from the USB port of a computer.  Moreover, the mic not only saves its owner the bother of a pre-amp with phantom power but it also makes unnecessary a costly (and time-consuming) XLR to USB adapter.  It's ready to go--just plug it into your laptop and start recording.  (I use Sound Studio, but the included free software--Audacity--works practically as well.)On the other hand, if the mic is a C-1 as advertised, be prepared to receive a conventional condenser mic, with an XLR connector and a phantom power requirement (found on numerous recording devices and P.A. amps or available on a neat little pre-amp sold by Amazon, the A.R.T.).Having just returned a keyboard--the M-Audio Pro88sx--for which Amazon mistakenly provided the wrong description (for the M-Audio Pro88, not the Pro88sx), I'd be hesitant to place any bets on which mic the buyer will receive--the C-1 as advertised, or the C-1U as described.  At least if you're purchasing directly from Amazon instead of a sub-vendor, you can be assured of a hassle-free return.  And if the mistake is due to Amazon's description, returns are generally postage-free.
This microphone deserves the positive reviews it has received. It is very well made equipment, which is readily apparent to a total sound equipment novice like myself. The item as pictured looks different from what I received; it is not the all lighter gray plastic looking body base, it's more of champagne color and is metal and the screw on adapter on the bottom is black (heavy duty plastic). Not sure why the picture is showing that is, because the actual microphone I received is much more impressive looking.I was initially looking to spend ~$125 on a simple home recording setup using my iMac. I ultimately spent about $135 because I moved to a Behringer mixer board that can convey the appropriate power to a condenser mic like this one.For those who are starting out with recording, I recommend this microphone and a quality XLR cord and you will not be disappointed with your results.
