Bought this mic for my daughter and she has been using it alot. Great quality for the money and works well. Mic is as described.
I have been playing and singing off and on for close to 20 years and currently host an open mic at a local coffee shop. I have used lots of great equipment and mics including the oft mentioned sm57 and sm58. While I did not have either one of those to do an a/b comparison - I DID have 2 high-end (over $100 mics) to compare these too. One was an EV and the other a rather costly older Peavey. These mics compared favorably to both with a slighter flatter frequency response. The signal was not quite as hot as the EV and Peavey, but far more resistant to feedback - even when turned up to match the hotter volumes of the other 2. Can't speak to their longevity or reliability yet, but seems sturdy and a nice performing piece of musical equipment. I feel that these mics will compare favorably to anything under 150 bucks. Great value & highly recommended.
this is the best mic for its quality and its price. perhaps on par with other brands but very much affordable.i will buy another one of this.
I like this mic very much. It sounds very nice for vocals and seems to be very well made. I do not use it in a professional capacity though but it certainly seems well enough made to stand up to plenty of use.
Excellent mic, rugged with great sound and zero extraneous noise.Does not have an on/off switch which is a bit disappointing.
love is a perfect microphone for karaoke and mobile DJ live use it to provide live entertainment and I love your reception is perfect and not recommend it
First of all this is NOT the best microphone ever made.  But for what they cost they certainly are more than I expected.  I give it 4 stars as a microphone period, without even taking the low cost into consideration.  They are so much better than the next cheapest thing that they are worth the extra $5 for sure. I bought one Behringer XM8500 then two more a couple of months later planning to use them as rehearsal microphones for a geezer band start up about 5 years go.  However, we actually have used these for vocals at some live performances when the sound tech's personal SM-58's are busy at another job.  I honestly think we sound about the same either way and maybe a little clearer with the Behringers.  At one time Alice Cooper and his band were using the Behringer XM8500's, however they may have moved on now for all I know.These are not Shure SM-58 clones even though they appear to be cosmetic knockoffs.  They have a slightly hotter output and a more flat response to my ears while the Shure's have a more pronounced lower mid boost that makes the male voice sound bigger and sometimes more distorted if not eq'ed correctly.  They are an ideal backup vocal microphone since the Behringer behaves like a compromise between a microphone tailored for a male voice and a microphone tailored for a female voice and actually works well without heavy eq.  It also is if anything more versatile than the SM-58 as it can be useful as an acoustic instrument pickup microphone working for anything that you would ordinarily use an SM-57 to pick up.  It doesn't overload easily, has a high output and a tight pattern with about the same feedback rejection as the SM-58.  It has a reasonably decent blast filter, so if using it for outdoor instrument pickup you don't have to add a windscreen.  Another strength of these is durability.  My 3 have sustained numerous drops, a couple of falls happened while boom stand mounted so not only did the microphone fall but the weight of the boom stand was behind it adding more mass to the force of the fall.  No damage at all to any of them!  I used to cringe when they fell or got dropped but now I just shrug. One weak point about these is they are more sensitive to handling noise, but on the stand handling noise is no issue.  Mine came in hard plastic foam lined cases with stand adapters.  The stand adapters are sort of flimsy but usable. If you want SM-58's you need to buy SM-58's.  If you want a good all around microphone in the $20 to $40 class then try one of these.  No on-off switch on these but we do have switches on some of the SM-58's we use and frankly the on-off switch is a liability!  I don't think you can find a better microphone new for the money and recommend them as a decent all-around microphone for the price.  You can pay more and get less.
Bought this so my mommy can sing karaoke on YouTube. Also my cousins use it when practicing before using the condenser microphone before home studio recordings with my focusrite 2i2 interface. my cousin and I can perform live at house parties and events so as to entertain the crowd. So it was something that was necessary. and not waste of money or an unwanted item. Also i don't really have to use headphones because it is a dynamic microphone which reduces loop back when using skype or playing video games and talking to your friends, so now i can listen through my speakers.
Nice mic - good quality, no problems and have used this heavy over the past year.  Sounds identical to my Shure SM58, but MUCH less.
I bought this to use in Children's Church.  Works great.  Has a nice sound.  Well made.  It has held up with all the kids using it.  Great value for the price.
Works great especially for the price. Just put a little more highs and mids when you eq it, and its pretty close to the sm58.
It's light and has great sound for interviews. I would recomende this mic for any station  and we are Z108.net visit us on the web and hear it live.
Good microphone for the money, sounds a little better than my AKG D88S, knocked it down to 4 stars due to the fact it does not have an on/off switch. I am a user of Behringer products though, own 2 of their amps.
This is a great quality microphone and at a good price. Keep it mind it is XLR, for those that haven't noticed. XLR is a better quality than other connections. It's the same physical shape and size as a rock band microphone (Looking for a good comparison.), and is MUCH better quality. It's flawless in quality and doesn't give any feedback. I would recomment for anyone, especially having such a great price.
I haven't used this mic much, yet, but so far it has a great sound. It is loud and projects the voice out front of the music. For 25 bucks I don't think you can beat it. I'm happy so far. I may buy some more of them. It is not "too short" as one reviewer complained. It is a standard length just like the SM-58.
I ordered two of them and both arrived within a week. I tested both of them, they sound quite good as the majority reviewers said (that's why I bought this !!!). And they are solidly built too, not one of the pretty light microphone that comes in with cheap karaoke machine.I don't expect to come with it, so no cable is OK for me.Here is the BUT ...... : there is no ON/OFF switch, this really pissed me off.But this is my fault, I should have read the 1 star review first.The photo shows no ON/OFF switch, however this does not catch any attention.And all seller seems to have trouble to say "this product does not have this, does not have that..." It only says what the product does have.Oh well, I got stuck with two microphones without ON/OFF switch.I can buy an adapter with on/off switch for microphone.
wow wow I can't believe it working wonderful.I'm using it karaoke online in paltalk.I did compairation with somes I have, it's perfect vocal.I connected it with mixer Alesis 8 input.I wish it's built with switch on/offRecomend to buyer. Thanks Amazon
I am a professional touring and recording artist, OMEB, who typically sings through a beta 58. I have recently been very impressed with some of Behringer's products. Sometimes I will run sound for local festivals and needed a few extra vocal mics. I had read a few good reviews of this and decided to buy one. At $25 I figured I could chance it! I used this in place of my beta 58 at a recent show. The mic was much hotter than the 58, better bass response and the boosted highs in all the right frequencies! As far as durability... that is the question, but if you are looking for a great mic that doesn't cost $160 bucks... this is your mic!
I was expecting a so-so mike for the price, boy was I surprised!  This mike is great.  One thing I did notice was that if it wasn't fed into a mixer you need some low impedance filters to keep the thing from buzzing, other than that it works great.
This is a high quality microphone. Sounds really clear and noise is nonexistent. Works great with my new mixer. Built very sturdy with metal and not plastic. Shipping was great along with packaging. This is a very nice dynamic mic!
This is a very nice microphone for the money and for general voice over work.I would not use this mic for professional singing, just spoken word.I have many microphones, and this compares to the $50. range mics.
I originally was planning on purchasing 2- 3 packs of xm1800s, but after hearing the difference between the xm1800 and the xm8500 it was a no brainer.I was looking to get 5 vocal microphones on a budget for a band that sings loads of harmonies in every song.I really wanted Sure SM58&#8217;s, but the budget did not allow it.I normally stay away from Behringer due to bad experiences with their consoles and compressors etc., but these microphones were a game changer for me.They have a very full and even tone without any mud or extreme plosives, also an excellent output level to the mixer.I was able to EQ them easily for both male and female vocal ranges. I was told by all 5 singers that they could here themselves loud and clear through the monitors.I was also able to get a nice even mix on the front end.I do not know of anything better for the price in live vocal microphones right now.
This is a terrific value for anyone who wants something like the Shure SM58 but doesn't want to lay out $100. I bought it myself as a kind of experiment. I'm learning blues harp. I wanted to try out mikes that could be used for a combination of vocals and harmonic playing. For this reason, the mike had to be one that I could cup in my hands but also mount on a stand. While my Astatic JT-30 has the great shape and crunchy sound that harp players love, I can't (easily) mount it on a stand and use it for vocals.The spherical receiver makes the XM8500 pretty easy to cup in my hands. The torpedo body mounts easily on my OnStage boom mike stand. And the low-impedance output feeds nicely into my guitar amps with no need for preamping or impedance-matching (and no resulting noise or signal loss).The mike isn't perfect, but its low cost and generally excellent construction more than make up for the slight deficiencies. Here are a couple of more casual notes:1. The mike in the picture looked bluish to me. What I actually received was a mike with a very nice black finish.2. The product description seems to report a weight of 8.5 ounces. I measured this mike at 10.3 ounces. That gives it a substantial feel although the mike is still a bit lighter than similar dynamic mikes that I've used.3. The mike has 500 ohms impedance and a frequency response up to 16,000 Hz. Bluesmen prefer a cut-off at 10,000 to give a midrange boost, but tweaking can compensate for the extended range on this mike.4. The mike doesn't have an on-off switch, perhaps its  only real deficiency. These switches really are very handy.5. In actual use, the mike dosn't seem very susceptible to pops, and there is no hiss.6. The mike comes with a pretty substantial hard-shell carrying case with a molded foam interior that is more than enough protection. I find a smaller zippered case to be more convenient for pacing this mike in a suitcase, but if you are toting a fair amount of equipment around, or storing this at home, then the oversized case should work well.I hope this helps.
This is a great microphone.  It fits easily into all the recording equipment I'm using.  It has some heft to it so I know it's not going to fall apart and be some wimpy microphone.  It gives me great sounds.
