I play steel guitar and add effects to the song and different ones to my solos. I'm always looking for something that will add an extra appeal to certain songs. This is easily adjustable, and adds a depth and a near-Leslie sound. I use it often and it adds an interesting sound not possible with other effects. It's easy to use in combination with, for instance, a Chorus, or a Tremolo, for dynamic steel guitar sounds.
I have been trying to find a good vibrato pedal for a long time. I have bought $150 pedals and $100 pedals and I got this one for $25 and it blows all the others out of the water. The only down side to this pedal is that you either need to run it off a 9volt or the Behringer power supply. I couldn't get it to work properly with my pedalboard power or my Pyle-Pro PPDLP02 DC supply. The plastic case feels like it may break at anytime but aside from that I love this pedal more than a puppy playing a harp in the middle of a daisy field in Michigan.
I've been wanting a pitch vibrato pedal for a while but didn't want to spend $350-$500 for an old boss vb-2(which this pedal sounds exactly like) so i looked at this which I didn't really know what to expect but when I got it I was amazed by it, it sounds really good. It maybe less durable than a metal pedal but who cares for this price I wouldn't mind buying a new one if mine broke and considering there is hardly any companies that actually make pitch vibrato's(uni-vibe/Vibe pedals are not pitch vibrato pedals)buying a new one isn't a problem.
I got this by mistake, confusing it with the tremolo effect. But, either way, I liked it and decided to keep it. It's a really good deal at the price. And it sounds just as good as major brands. The only problem most people find is the material that it's made of. It's like a hard plastic, not metal like most are. But, if you're not a person who abuses your gear, it should last you a good while.I cannot use it for recording, because there is some hiss from it, like all other Behringer pedals, and I record direct, not through amp. But, for live playing, it's great. It's especially perfect for garage and bar bands.
I had fairly low expectation for a ~$25 pedal, but many people said it sounded very close, if not better, than a vintage Boss VB-2. Considering I didn't want to spend 20x this pedal, I can't compare the 2 but can say it works very well. It can do subtle low-rate, low-depth to fast shimmers to ridiculous warbles. The rise knob seems to act as a reverse level control, or at least turning it up weakens the effect (which I guess is good, I might swap around the leads). Finally, a non-blue LED is used, which means it won't blind you when you try to adjust the settings.Being $25 however, the plastic case is noticeably cheaper quality and looking compared to even Behringer's $50 pedal, and the hinge is a little less stable. It will still hold up with moderate use. However, it could wear out if you plan on heavily using the latch feature (which is a momentary mode).
SUMMARYGreat pedal, buy it, you'll probably keep it! At its price point - 5 stars. I am keeping it and it is probably going to become a permanant addition to my pedalboard. Only time will tell but I like adding some vibrato for clean sounds. It reminds me a lot of how I used to set up my Super Reverb amp. Compared to all pedals, I'd actually give it 4 stars - downgrading 1 star for the plastic case and the limited functionality of the Rise control. But I liked it so much I decided to score it "at its price point".PROS- dirt cheap at $25 for a new pedal- sounds great - does not add or subtract any frequencies or add any noise (I wish I could say the same for some $200 pedals I've tried.)- Latched/Unlatched mode -- the best feature on the pedal. I love that I can put this in unlatched mode and use it to vibrato in short bursts.- Small form factor - normal "single pedal" size- Standard power supply - 9V Center negative - runs from pedal board power or a battery- The larger foot pedal surface (compared to just a silver bullet switch) is nice for the unlatched mode useCONS- Cheap plastic case - I doubt its durability and would have preferred to pay more for a more durable case.- Latched/unlatched switch is small (hard to reach, have to bend over, can't do with a toe)- Rise control has only the most subtle impact on sound. Probably not needed on this pedal. Two larger controls for the other controls would be a better design for usability.- Like most pedals - the knobs are super small and not easily controlled with a toe, and the settings are hard to see. My favorite pedals have large knobs, well marked settings you can see from a distance, enough space between the knobs to set one without bumping another, and in the best cases, enough space, size, and durability for the knobs to be tweakable by a foot or toe bump.Suggested Redesign, "Super Vibrato" or "Vibrato II"1) Change to a metal case2) Lose the Rise control altogether3) put the latched/unlatched modes on a 2nd stomp switch so you can stomp to go between modes4) Increase the size of and space between the other two controls -- put large "foot controllable" knobs with high visibility knobs.Then again, at 25 bucks, I might just buy a 2nd one and put one in latched and one in unlatched mode.
DOA...no good, out of the box,plug it, nothing.....no way to send it back (I`m not from the States)....meaning...I just wasted away $40 something bucks (add shipping)....I did bought a Behringer pedal before (Tremolo/Pan) with good results, but I guess there`s two sides to this particular low economy pedals....Well, I`ll man up and buy something else...
this pedal is well made plastic but w great electronics made designed by german mind.. it sounds like a chorus and vibrate at once,, wave tone and quiet,, w true bypass on bord.. great pedal for the money,, get it . its worth it. for guitar bass or keys.
