They have no grip at all they brake and ware out in a hour or so of hard playing there just junk for newbie that don`t know any beter but hey what do you expect they are made by D Addario get some real picks like Dunlop Tortex
Always looking for reasonable pricing.  The picks were as good as advertised online, it met our expectations and pricing was good.
These are very nice looking guitar picks. I've used these and don't have any problem with them.Thanks, Austin Garcia
This package of picks is of good colors and good weight. They seem to be easier to hold and pick without being to stiff.
these are well made...good enough to give to buddies and have a few in every guitar case i own..will purchase again..enjoy
10 picks medium which came in a clearly marked pack from the company. Cheaper than going into town and mailed directly to me. Good deal. Will order again!
I'm not one to use picks much so when I do I prefer a light pick. I will be handing some of these to fellow guitar players because 25 will last a very long time. It is fun to share :-) For those needing a light pick go for these. Recommended.
These work fine; no cracking, they come in a nice assortment of colors, and they're easy to see when they get dropped.
I think picks are like, well you know, a personal choice, I bought these cause they are simple, inexpensive and will compare to others I have. Been using these lately. Would buy again.
What else can be said about them, they're good picks. They strum well, they pick well and they look good
Good price for an pack of pickups. Any guitarist need a pack of these because its not too heavy and very durable.
These are good picks and produce a great tone.  They're better than most picks at sticking to my sweaty fingers.
i bought 10 pack of this and i'm still using one so far and is still good. nice quality and good price too.
I purchased the l0 pack picks for my son who just started playing the guitar.  As in all beginners they want the best and he loves the color and design.
this picks are great for hard rock since they are heavey but not that heavy for solos. I play a lot of metallica songs with it an they are great.
I purchased these along with a new guitar for my daughter as a present. So far, so good. You can't beat the price. Thanks.
I have played guitar for about 12 years and these picks are now my favorite picks ever. I can't really explain why, they just feel right. Sometimes they break, but what pick light pick doesn't unless it's nylon?
The picks are very comfortable and seem that they will last well.  I have not had them very long but seem to do well.
100 picks for 20 dolares? Hell yeah! I'm really happy with my new picks! It's really cheap and the quality is good!
Not an expert at string picking by any means, but they do what I need them to do just fine.
I reshape my own pics on my grinder, and use nothing but heavy picks,  There are just guitar picks.  They are what you order.  I fix mine up by adding stair tread floor stuff, so they don't slip out of my hand.
great product for the price, I mean they are guitar picks and medium picks at that.  Nice gloss finish and the designs on them is pretty cool
These guitar picks are just the right thickness and stiffness for comfortable playing.  The colors are nice as well.  I would recommend these.
Guitar pics, what more can I say.  Nice feel and look.  Never can have enough because they seem to be prone to theft! :)
They do what they are meant to do. No complaint for the price and they have a pretty dang cool lookin design to them.
I like the Jim Dunlop .60mm pitch black guitar picks best.  If you want your electric guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a BOSS GT-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
Excellent guitar picks of medium hardness.  Picks come in multiple colors that fit your fingers perfectly.  If you are a beginner or just play infrequently why pay more?
I bought these (light)picks because of the price. They work good if your strumming some light rhythms, but they tend to be weak and break if your strumming a fast song. I guess that's to be expected for a light pick.
Love the colors and the price can't be beat. Wished maybe they came in yellow? Other than that, great picks.
These picks have served me very well. I am happy with the quality of all of them. I would purchase additional Planet Waves Assorted Pearl Celluloid Guitar Picks
It is all preference. I prefer the cactus picks. These slide around in my finger to much right now. To each his own.
These are high quality picks. Medium is my personal choice & they did not disappoint me. Will buy this brand again.
I have a few different brands of picks at home right now and these Planet Wave Picks are much nicer than the others. They are clean cut, smooth finish. Nice texture and looking. I reach for these first.Would and will buy again and recommend!
They are good quality guitar picks, and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for some guitar picks.
Hey it's a pick, it's 10 to a bag....I lost one already so now I have 9.  I my world that's good stuff.
Good medium picks, decent feel and sound.  Would recommend for practice picks, pretty decent on noodling.  Girlfriend likes the colors. hahaha
These picks were a good deal. They are pretty cool looking and I will be able to use them for a long time. They are durable and they were a better deal than many other picks.
They're my favorite picks and I always buy the medium ones! I'm sure other picks works just fine, but these are always my preference.
Very nice guitar picks for the very fair price.  I like them very much.  Of course I am just a beginner.
I've probably used every type of pick out there at this point in my life, and find that Planet Waves makes a good one at a fair price. Picks will always be a subjective thing, every user has his/her own preference, so trying out as many as you can can benefit you in the end. These are well made, last quite awhile, and they don't even look bad, try them out, you might just like them :-)
These picks were a filler item for a much larger order.  I can always use guitar picks, however these are very pleasing to the eye and have a good quality feel.
Our teenager really likes these.  As a beginner guitar player he likes the variety and was able to find out what types of picks he prefers.  Have not broken one yet.
These are high quality thick guitar picks. The colors are great. Unfortunately I would have expected a little better packaging. I know the company is trying to save money, but having them in a tiny plastic bag and tapped to a piece of paper in the envelope was a little less exciting to receive. Almost didn't know what it was because of this. Just seemed like a bunch of advertisements and mail.
I'm new to the guitar and I'm just discovering how to use picks and what picks work best (for me) with different guitars and different effects. I like these for my acoustic Ibanez dreadnaught. The pick seems to help me get that deep bluesy sound from the D'addario strings. They are comfortable and I like the feel in my hand. The mediums suit me. Maybe it is all personal taste but I think they are worth buying. Amazon pricing is great. The picks feel great and I'm having a good time.
Not bad for the price they have it for. Multi color and easy to use. Durable pick, would recomened for you to buy it
very nice guitar pics, sound almost as nice as metal guitar pics, very lovely, size was as expected, great sound
I bought these guitar picks for my son. He really likes them a lot. I would definitely buy them again.
I've been playing for over 30 years and these are perfectly fine guitar picks.  Not special but not disappointing either.  As long as your hands don't sweat a lot you'll be fine with these.But a real "assorted" pack of picks should be more than just assorted colors.  A real useful assortment would be a pack with different thicknesses.  I like to experiment with different types of picks.  These "assorted" picks are really all the same, just different colors.
ok i don't have much to say, just i love it because its cheap nice and i don't know i just feel happy to buy this product
My mother has a habit of stealing my picks so I always order from them. They always give me good picks to use.
I bought these for my music class. The teens really liked the colors to choose from, and I like the price!
I honestly don't know alot about guitar picks but they seem to get the job done no problems here I have been using the same one since I got them and have not broke it yet lol
Great picks!  Nice flexibility and easy playing no matter what your style.I would recommend these for any guitar player!
Not much to say here. I have a bad habit of putting picks in my mouth and chewing on them, effectively destroying them, but with these, I don't know what they've done and put on the surface of these things, but it is gross. Haha, it killed my bad habit of chewing on picks.
I bought these to fill the Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder that I also purchasd.  Nice selection...and the price was right.
These feel very good but they wear off quite quickly, so not pick taping and easy with the struming. Also watch it if your alternate picking is with the pick almost at vertical.
received them in four days....just in time for my first lesson....Can't say much more than that because I am just beginning lessons and don't really know what to look for yet....
I like the quality of the picks. Not too hard or soft and quite fit to my play style. Thanks!
