I've owned and used this product for some time now and am quite happy with it. I did notice that I had problems with an unpleasant humming introduced one time when using it with powered speakers, but I believe this was more so my fault than that of the unit. I learned that my active speakers did not care for input cables past a certain length. For greater distances, using a wireless transmitter to deliver the mixed sound and its matching wireless receiver connected to the speaker units solved this problem completely. The FX processor works flawlessly just as long as I remember to push down the selector to engage the desired function. Very easy to use. Compact in size. No ability to instantly mute an input device other than to turn down the gain. For the price ... what can you expect?!Soon I will be in the market for an upgrade ... one that has slider controls and the ability to connect to my laptop via usb. I need a few more xlr inputs and at least a 7 band equalizer and compressor/limiter for larger gigs and a fairly large choral group and its accompanying instruments. Just waiting for a good deal.
The mixer is good for the price but I had to return my first one soon after opening it due to some loose parts moving around inside. The packing way below average. As a matter of fact, it was the only outer box without any cushioning. After seeing those UPS and FEDEX delivery videos I would not pack a UPS or FEDEX shipping item in such a poor packing. However, the great seller ( I am referring to AMAZON) immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit. Second unit too had the similar packing but no damages. Worked fine.
This was much smaller than I thought it would be but I kinda like that because it takes up no space. It does exactly what is expected of it. The effects are pretty good actually and could be used at a push for live or recording work - although certainly would not replace the likes of TC Electronics or Lexicon. Relatively transparent and controls are responsive. For the money......good value.
Running 4 mics, samples and the odd phone call into one device for recording was a bit daunting.  This mixer handles it all perfectly.  I'm literally knew nothing about it when it arrived (first time I'd ever seen a mixer of any kind) in terms of usage but managed to figure it out quickly, get hiss free, nicely panned, beautifully warm sounds that have helped make my podcasting sound wonderful, professional and frankly better than I could have imagined.  I didn't need the 'FX' .. but the the other was out of stock :D I'll get to them one day.I wish it had a power button.
The mixer arrived early, which was a life-saver.  I immediately put it to use at a musical venue in which all four microphone pre-amps were used for three vocalists and one flute, and the CD input was connected to a computer that was playing a minus track for the vocalists.  Everything functioned well and the medium reverb effect performed well on all inputs.  I am looking forward to using more of the effects.
This is one of the quietest mixers I've ever used. The range of adjustability is excellent. 12 channels fill up quickly, but I've mixed 10 at a time and nearly no noise (at least I don't hear any).
I own the Behringer Xenyx 1202FX, which is essentially this model but costs about 20 dollars more for the FX (it comes with 100 set effects). I have been doing home recording with Cubase and Logic, using a Presonus Firebox audio interface, with both MIDI, vocals and instruments, and didn't use a mixing board, but eventually decided to try one out given that (a) they are making them at very reasonable prices and (b) I had more inputs and outputs than the Firebox could easily handle.This mixing board didn't look that impressive to me when I first checked it out, but having set it up and used it, it operates very well and cleanly. The fact that it comes with four mic inputs and preamps is a plus. The fact that it does not have an on/off switch is a minus. But basically it works well, the EQ is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. Behringer makes a range of models with less/more inputs to suit one's needs, so this is great. Also, having a dedicated mixer makes it easier for me, as I can leave all my inputs connected and just adjust things on the mixer depending on what I want to record. Another small thing that is mixing is a button that cuts out the line altogether -- you have to turn it down to zero. And, there are no faders (except the main); instead it uses knobs for everything. Well, I would have liked some of these things, but then I would have to pay more, and what I really wanted was functionality at a good price, and that is what the Behringer Xenyx has delivered thus far.By the way, I am running the following through the mixer: an AT3035 audiotechnica condenser mic, an Alesis QS8.1, guitar via line-in (or mic'd), two KRK RP5 studio monitors, Presonus Firebox. Everything's been working and sounding great thus far.The effects on this mixer have not been very useful to me, since I am running Logic, but if I ever use it live, which I may do, I'd imagine they'd come in handy. The effects are just so-so in terms of sounds: usable, but not that great, in my opinion.
Behringer has had a somewhat spotty reputation among many professional musicians so I was a bit apprehensive about buying this unit but so far, so good.  The mic preamps sound pretty good - clean and relatively quiet. The knobs and slider feel smooth and well made.It also seems to send hotter signal to my JBL EON 510s and that's a good thing.The built-in effects are probably its weakest point.  I've heard some really cheap digital reverbs that are much smoother than this unit.I also wish that the Control Room knob and outputs were independent of the Main Output slider.  That would definitely make it a lot more practical but then again, it would also turn it into a 4 buss mixer.  So all in all, not too shabby for a $110.00 mixer but I probably wouldn't use it for recording.
Considering the price is so cheap on these, I took a chance on this about a year ago for my home hobbyist studio. To say that I used it "rarely" is an understatement - maybe once a month when I have friends over for jamming as a way to get my vDrums and a bass DI through my powered wedges. That said, within a year two of the channels stopped working altogether, and the main volume fader became scratchy and jumpy to the point that the volume all the way down would = the volume ALL the way up.Aside from it not working less than a year later, as others have mentioned the lack of a power button combined with the wall wart adapter is a bit of a pain as well. However, if you're building a studio on a budget and want to roll the dice, it's a decent little mixer while it works.Pass on this - sound quality is decent for the price, but reliability gets a zero.
