I got this little guy for my spider IV 15 for all the awesome features and it works flawlessly. Channel switching is a breeze, with almost no delay. The tuner works great as well, I tuned it on there then with my korg tuner and it matches up. The wah volume pedal is very useful too, vol is good for fade ins or fade outs. The amount of force needed to switch to wah is quite a bit, and seems like its a little too much force that's needed, but it works. And once you're switched over to the wah, don't expect to match up with Voodo Chile or Bulls On Parade. Its good, but doesn't really cut it if you want a great wah sound. Overall though it's a good buy for your line 6 amp.
I bought this to use with a Spider IV 75 Amp, so far it works perfect. Provides effect control, loop control, tuner control, also has volume/wah pedal that works great. You can plug it into the PC and customize everything.Recommended!
The so called lower priced brother to the enormous Line 6 FBV Shortboard MKII pedal, while cut down still has a lot of the same features. Same quality build. Self powered when attached to my line 6 modeling amp (a real nice feature). One less power supply to hook up. Foot switches are easy to use. Built in tuner works great. The volume/wah pedal switching requires a little more effort than my old pedal but still does the job nicely with a firm forward press. Programming the pedal really allows you to fine tune four amp "sounds" and have them instantly available when you play (either at home or on stage).
Before I purchased the FBV I scoured the web to see how it works with the POD HD Desktop, and even the advanced users guide leaves you thinking..Anyway, I lucked out and found a used one going cheap, and after some time figured out exactly what you can and cannot do with the POD HD desktop & FBV Express II combo.1. First, in the setup screen do NOT enable the FBV Express. Yes, I know this sounds dumb, but internet scouring shows there is a bug that this is a workaround for...2. Read the FBV Express users guide and calibrate the pedal.. there is no need to d/l the FBV software for this.Now.. In the POD setup screens you have the option to either have the ABCD buttons as ABCD, or to be FS5-FS8. This behavior is mimicked by the 4 switches on the FBV.So.. In ABCD mode you can:a) Select preset A, B, C or D from the group you are currently in.b) Insert a volume FX and use volume pedal...EXP2c) Insert another FX enabled by toe switch, and controlled by pedal as EXP1d) tap temp (by tapping the currently selected preset..ie the pedal that is lit)e) enable the tuner (press/hold the current selected preset pedal)f) you have some basic control of the looper, but CANNOT enable it.3/10/14 EDIT :Looper control is flawed. You can record and go to overdub, but you cannot record then play/stop the loop.. you can stop from overdub but not start the loop. seemingly an acknowledged and unfixed bugNice enough, but if you are like me, switching presets is way way less useful than switching FX blocks on & off. incidentally you can combine blocks such that one pedal (say) turns OD on, and delay & chorus both off, or turn one amp on and one off (channel switching).. YAY!! you cry, that sounds like me so its a NO to ABCD and mode FS5-FS8 it is for me!..SO yup in FS5-8 mode you can do that, you cana) enable/disable 4 sets of block(s) using the four pedalsb) use volume and expression options as above (ie like volume or wah, overdrive level, delay FB etc)c) basic control of looper BUT cannot enable itEDIT 3/19/14 looper control flawed as stated abovec) enable the tuner?...oh sod it. nope you can'td) tap tempo?.. nope not that either.So in summary, the Express is better than nothing, but certainly does not provide hands free operation of the desktop.. the shortboard is worth the extra, or if you are reading this before buying the pod.. get the HD500x instead.
This is an essential accessory for the excellent Line 6 Spider IV combo amps,  For more details, see my review of the Line 6 Spider IV 75 watt combo.  The FBV Express Mk II is the least expensive pedal to give one full control over all basic and essential amp features. This pedal should have been ( or be) included with the amp but it wasn't.  Anyway, if you are considering buying the amp (which is great), you really will want to have this pedal, even though it costs 33% of the price of the amp itself.With the FBV Express Mk II you can store the 4 amp channels, each of which has its own settings for model and all effects, as well as control the 14 second looping ability of the Spider IV.  The pedal also adds a volume/way pedal (the wah pedal is OK but not as full-throated as a Cry Baby or other stand-alone wah wahs).  Without the pedal, you will not be able to access looping and channel switching in real time while playing (which is the whole point of this thing) unless you have more than the standard compliment of 2 arms, equipped with one  hand each.The pedal also interfaces with a computer to allow deep editing and storing of all of the effects of the Line 6 Spider IV combos through a USB port.  This feature alone makes it a must-have for taking full advantage of the amp.J.M. Tepper
This foot controller is wonderful switch between all four channels and the volume pedal wah pedal and built in tuner makes it the complete package for my line 6 amp!!!
This thing works wonders. If you are anyone who performs live or just someone who happens to switch between channels alot I recommend. I hate having to let go of the guitar to switch channels, and this just is perfect for the job. The pedals are all easy to press and I love the volume/wah 2-in-1 pedal. I just use it as a volume, because I already have a wah pedal. The tuner works amazing as well. I also love the fact that it connects to your amp via RJ45 ethernet cable.
I use this on my spider iv 75 it works great I've had it for about 2 months and no issues.
I really like this foot controller because you don't have to reach to the amp all the time to change channels. I wish i had the big USB cable but i can't find it in Walmart. This paddle used to make this annoying clicking sound but it's gone now. Anyway, this thing is nice if you're too lazy to reach to the  amp to change channels. I think the product should have been around $70-80.
