This comes with adapters for just about any pedal you would need power for and if you look at the picture, I LOVE the way this mounts to power strip.  You can actually put several (if needed) side by side, unlike most other power adapters that take up as much as 2 spaces.  It is rated to 1700 mA but I try to keep to 1500 or less.I looked at power requirements of all my pedals and combined accordingly.
isn't it sad when somebody produces a great product but screws up on the description? The product is great value for money and worth while buying, if for no other reason than save money on overpriced DC power units from the manufacturers of the pedal units. Trouble is that they do not say whether or not the cables come with the unit. They don't!! Dumb of them, as all they needed to say  was you needed to buy them separately, which I later did. Seems like nit picking? Well, it's not as live abroad and these things take a long while to come down to me. Sloppy isn't it?
Used one of these when I forgot mine and loved it so much, I had to get my own.-- Small, takes up only one spot on a power strip or outlet-- Long cord is great!-- Enough juice to power all of my pedals simultaneouslyTotally worth the buy. Do it!
Highly recommend this adapter because it is transformerless and has high current capacity for powering numerous guitar effect pedals. It is highly reliable and introduces no hum nor noise. Also, it is designed so that it will plug into a power strip without covering adjacent receptacles. Thanks to Amazon for offering this great product.
It works great for five of my lower power pedal type items, including my Line 6 wireless receivers, Shure wireless receivers, and several other pedals like my Cry Baby, etc., all at once.  However, the transmitter for my Shure wireless in-ear monitor, which requires less power than any of the other two items combined, will not run, even by itself, when powered by the 1 Spot.  Switching power supplies like this can have a mind of their own, and there is probably some little quirk in the Shure transmitter circuit that this power supply doesn't get along with.  For most of my stuff it works great, and eliminates a bunch of extra power supplies and cords.
I use this One Spot Adapter with the 5 pedal attachment. Works perfectly! I've seen reviews about this brand being noisy. I suspect this to be happening with the 8 pedal version. Too many for one simple 9 volt source to handle.I've owned it for a couple of months, used it at home 5 days a week and rehearsed at high volumes about a dozen times. Zero hum or buzz from the unit. I should also mention that I do not have any drive/distortion pedals on my board.
At the begining I wasn't sure to buy it since there are a lot of reviews out there with negative imputs about this, so I decided to buy it and I started having problems right of the box, I notice this noise coming out of my amp and also a bad performance of my pedals, then I started to play with them and realized that I had too many pedals connected through a daisy chain, so I decided to leave just one connector alone and available and only used 4 with my pedals and surprise!, connected to a power strip it eliminated all the unwanted noise and performance started to work just fine, I also realized that pedals positions (routing signal) has something to do with it, I couldn't figure out what was it but defenetly works just fine once you got it right, so I would recomend to play a little with your set up and make sure to avoid abuse on it, so it work as it is supposed to.
This is a great invention.  I have five different guitar effects pedals and a loop station all attached to this.  It really saves on batteries and extension chords.  It is well worth the money.
This is the answer to your all your power supply needs. If you own more than 1 pedal (and we all do) You need this. It powers my Wah and all my stomp boxes with 1 plug. It comes with all the different power plug options and a daisy chain for 5 pedals. It has the adapters to power pedals without a place to plug in by attaching the battery snap to the battery place on the pedal then pluging into the daisychain. It also has the pin plugs to attach to the daisychain for pedals that require that kind of plug in. and it has a 10 foot lead wire so you can reach out to your pedals or pedalboard without having to drag a heavy extension cord across the stage to trip on while your playing. you'll save enough money to pay for it in no time, not having to buy batteries. Get it, you'll love it! I
I use this at the house for pedal power or for testing new pedals.I don't use this on my pedal board and don't know if I would recommend it for heavy live use. I suppose having more than one for reliability would be the key here.It does work well and will power many pedals at one time. I do not use it for powering only one pedal though. This device puts out a lot of juice and will be noisy at times through less expensive pedals.I also like the fact that it only takes one spot on a power strip without covering up a neighboring power outlet.Easy to use - it is what it is.
I choose this rating cause it is the best Adapter I've found. I like that is doesn't heat up or even get warm although I only use it with my looper. Another plus +++ is the length of the cord is the best cause I don't need to use and extension cord with it. One less thing to set up, carry around and worry about. I Truly recommend this One Spot Adapter to everyone.
