I order this for my Glen Burton cutaway. I had it in a gig bag, but acoustic guitars shouldn't be in a gig bag. I got tired of my guiitar being banged around in the back of the car so I ordered this hardshell case. It is wonderful. Very well made and beautiful. It came to me right on time with no problems at all. It also has a lock on it so you can lock your guitar up so no one will get in to it. It is a little heavy, but that is something I can get use to. My guitar fit perfetly in it and is very snug. I love this case and it is worth every dime you pay for it, maybe even more.
I am the kind of guy that fixes everything with duct tape and when the item is more tape than product I go to a pawn shop and buy something used and start the process again. I saw this case and thought 50 bucks and it's for my favorite guitar, so I purchased it. 2 days later it was sitting at my back door (and I didn't have to pay shipping). This thing is a beauty! Plush interior, hardware looks great and good quality. Does not use the cheap spring latches but rather the locking type. Deep storage pocket and more. My 12 string fits in it w/room to spare and its' case is running out of room to tape so I guess I'll be purchasing another soon.
The odor of adhesive lingered for some time, but that's not really a problem.Size and fit were good. The storage compartment is nice and large.One hinge broke after about a year of normal use. It was in the house almost the whole time, I just open the case to play the guitar and then replace it when done. I noticed if you look carefully, one of the hinges is cracked on both sides, so it is not holding anything anymore, but it is one of three, so the other two still do the job just fine. It is only if you look carefully you see one hinge fractured.This was not an expensive guitar, and I had a better case, so I switched to the better guitar case, and used this one for another guitar that I really don't play at all, and it just stays in storage.
I bought this guitar case for wife, as she plays a acoustic guitar and needed to replace her &#34;GIG bag( soft case) with a hard case that would protect her guitar better than the soft case could. She absolutely loves the case and it is well built and when you use it, it makes you think that this case should cost more, but for the $60, it is an awesome deal.The case fits her acoustic like a glove and has a storage compartment for her Mic cable, DI box , picks and tuner. Underneath the neck, there is enough space for storage of two sets of extra guitar strings. You  might pay more for a NAME brand case...save some money for soemthing else an dget this case, because it is a great deal. We found nothing negative that we could say about it. It also was packaged VERY well to protect the case during shipment and came very quick.
I honestly don't know how they can sell these cases for the price and give you free shipping too. I've seen cheap quality chipboard cases and gig bags that cost more. This is a hard shell tolex covered case. They are sturdy, well padded with plush black lining, and look as good as cases costing much more. These cases are made for dreadnought guitars, and I bought two of them. One is for my Ibanez AK75G arcrhtop electric guitar and it fits perfectly. The case has 4 brass latches and one is lockable and comes with 2 keys. It's made in China, but isn't most everything these days? I wouldn't recommend it for airline/railroad baggage, but this case will offer ample protection and safe storage for your instrument under most other conditions. I don't think you'll find a better deal on a hard shell guitar case anywhere else. Don't be fooled by the popular belief that more expensive is better. Do yourself a favor and save a few bucks by buying one of these great cases!
I bought this recently for $40 to replace the old cardboard case my acoustic had been in for decades.  For $40 it's an awesome deal.  But objectively, when compared to an Epiphone 335-style case I bought last year for $81, it's deserving of 4 stars (which isn't bad, just not great):PROS:  Decent build quality; four buckles (one locking) and three hinges; very nice plush lining; not heavy; knobs on bottom so it stands on end; knobs on side and back so it's never directly on the floor; fits a dreadnaught well.CONS:  Not easy to close and takes some work to get all the buckles lined up and snapped shut; the one locking buckle wouldn't stop anyone; the big front and back body panels flex more than they should; exterior covering feels somewhat cheap; the handle is hard plastic and not padded.So for $40 it's a great deal and a big step up from unlined cardboard, but it doesn't measure up to a basic Epi 335 case which is stronger and has better hardware and finishes.  It also had a strong chemical odor, but leave it open to air out for a while and that mostly goes away.
Exceptionally well made, this is a fantastic case for the money. (Fifty dollars, including shipping, at the time of my purchase.) It has four(!) very solid clasps, one of which locks. (Two keys are included.) It also features a plush velvet interior, cushioned neck brace, and a strap to keep the top from flopping back, which could stress the hinges and perhaps alter the factory-perfect lid to case alignment. But best of all, it fits my Takamine Jasmine guitar like a glove, holding it secure and (knock on wood) keeping it safe from all harm. I could not be happier.
It fits well, close well, protects well, transport well! What more can I ask from a guitar case that cost a fraction of the other cases.  Have not have it that long to rate the durability but I like this case.
