...two weeks in and I can already feel it drying up. Good for peace of mind instead of using a wet sponge humidifier and just keeping the humidity controlled, but it seems it will cost me a fortune if I keep using these.
THis system works great! I have a Taylor 910ce, and two other guitars I use these on - very simple and works great!
I will no longer use other humidifying methods for my BR-243A. There's too much that can go wrong with over or under humidifying a solid wood acoustic guitar. Woods swell and shrink based on moisture vapor and it can also affect the tone quality.The beauty of these is that the gel packs maintain consistent humidity and make any changes gradually.
I have four of these - and will continue to use this product. You'll purchase this system first, then all you need to do is get the replacement packs. For my Taylor Baby, the string spacing was a little small, but there was no problem inserting the pack in my other three guitars. Very easy to use. As a recommendation for keeping your guitar in good condition, I would also buy a humidity meter so you can keep tabs on the room where you store your instruments.
I own several Taylor acoustics, and a few other kinds of guitars. I bought the original pack of these from a suggestion of a friend who had a few acoustics damaged by humidity (too dry). These are so easy to use, and can be &#34;recharged&#34; if you feel like $12-15 for 3 is too much every couple of months. I've successfully recharged these using distilled water about 3 times now, and they work just as great as they did new. These also come in a resealable package, so you can recharge them and then store them until you need to replace the other set in guitar case.You can tell when they've dried out by the fact they get crunchy feeling. It means they need to be replaced.To recharge them, I take a large ziplock plastic container with a lid (big enough to hold 1 quart), and then pour a few cups of distilled water in the bottom. Next, I take a smaller empty ziplock container (the bottom of one big enough to hold a sandwich), and float it on the water in the larger container. Then place the 3 packs in the floating container (stacked on one another or on their sides) and seal the top of the larger container with a lid. It traps the humidity in the container, and the membrane on these packs is two-way, so they absorb it until they reach capacity again.
I live in a dry climate, and I have to add distilled water to my humidifiers almost daily.  Since I can't afford to add a special room to humidify my instruments, the planet waves humidipak is the next best thing.  I get anywhere from 4 to 6 weeks out of a pack.  The time and effort this pack saves me to keep my humidifiers repleted with water is well worth the price. On the refillable humidifiers, you really can't forget more than a day or two to replenish the water.  With the humidpak, you have a lot more security.  Going on a trip?  You won't have to worry about your string instruments if you have these in your case.
This thing is awesome!  I hate refilling humidifiers, and this thing is just leave it and forget it.It has a pack that hangs over the strings and in to the soundhole of the guitar, and one that restsin the case up by the headstock.I've been playing for about 15 years, and have always used a humidifier.  This works just as good as anything else.Keeps my case at a nice 60-70% humidity.I would recommend a nice Hygrometer to keep in the case too.  Just to make sure you have the proper humidity level.UPDATE 7/17/2013So being the lazy guy that I am, I never changed the packs out during the end of winter when they were getting a little hard.Well I noticed over the past couple of weeks that they were absorbing water!These really are a humidity system, rather than just a humidifier!They are almost completely back to their normal state, being very gel-like feeling.So, I am convinced that they work now.
I bought this for my Taylor 714.  It seems to keep things humidified very well.  I like the idea that it takes moisture out and puts moisture in as needed.I have replaced packs twice.  I have not had any problems with the packages leaking or creating any problems in the guitars.
These work great keep the guitar case around 43 degrees but do not seem to last as long as they did in the past. They are easy to use.... I continue to buy them because I live in a dry region of the country.
You take the packs and put them in the sleeves. There is a double sleeve and a single sleeve. I have the double behind the neck of my guitar in its guitar case and the single behind the body. It has worked so far. It is very arid where I live and I want my fret board to be happy.
This is a wonderfual addition to help maintain the humidity for your guitar, this product is recommended by Taylor guitars.
They say 2-4 months, I've never come close to even a month. Usually 3 weeks and they are toast in a guitar case not opened more than twice in that 3 weeks.  If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is.  I don't recommend these.
I bought this for my new 12 string Guild acoustic. I use Oasis humidifier for my other acoustics and am satisfied with them. The reason I tried this one is because it's necessary to spread the strings quite a bit to get the tube in between them. And with 12 strings, it really put a lot of tension on them. Another difference is there is nothing to do with the Planet Waves. You slip the included packs (2) into the saddlebag type pouch and slide them between the strings. They should last 3-4 months & you don't do anything else. Also comes with a 3rd one for the headstock. With others you have to add water and remeber to check it so they don't dry out. I also used a Dampit but because it hangs from a cord, it sometimes gets caught on the wiring on an acoustic-electric! I may eventually replace my Oasis humidifiers with these also.
Standard great quality from Planet Waves/D'addario but these certainly can change price very frequently throughout the year.  I think it almost doubled in price a week after I ordered... not sure why.
Let me start off by saying I have had several types of humidifiers all of which have worked well. The major upside to this humidifier is you do not have to worry about over-humidifing your guitar! Packets maintain a constant relative humidity and they couldnt be easier to use.One star short of a 5 star review. Why? The price for the replacement packets.Other than that, a wonderful system!
Unlike those who have complained that they dry out fast, I have always gotten much longer life out of them than the product promises. What I can't tell you is how well they actually meet humidity ideals because I've never monitored the humidity in the case to see what it is and if it is on par with what the manufacturer says. I have taken it pretty much on faith that they deliver what they say and they have read some endorsements by people like Bob Taylor of Taylor guitars that they work. Bob has too good a name and no incentive that I know of to be frivolous about endorsing such a product that might not work, so, I take it that Taylor had his lab people check them out thoroughly to be sure of Humidipaks effectiveness before Mr. Taylor would give them an endorsement. That was good enough to sell me. But I didn't just buy it because Bob Taylor says they work--they occupy a very cool niche which I was hping someone would fill. Planet Waves Humidipaks are for the person who is willing to spend a little extra to not to have to keep fiddling around with water, sponges, gauges and those Oasis water bag and just have something that you can dispose of and replace every so often. That's what I want. Sure, water is free. But it evaporates fast and it's a job to keep having to take care of. So, is it worth it to buy a disposable thing like this that you don't have to mess with? Or do you want to save $15 or so by doing all that work wetting sponges and whatnot weekly? I'll gladly pay the extra few bucks not to have to worry about hydrating my guitars and cases but once avery 6 months.None of my guitars have shown any signs of humidity issues and I have lived in New York City and Virginia Beach in the years since I've been using the Planet Waves Humidipaks. One accolade that I will give Planet Waves is that they did recall the product a few years back and promised replacements when the new model which resolved a potential leakage problem was released. That re-release seemed to drag on for a while and when I contacted Planet Waves to gripe, they sent me a check for the "list" price of all the units I had returned to them. Well the list price was three times the retail price at the time and that was a bit of a minor windfall at the time for me which impressed the heck out of me and I used the money to buy their other humidity products in the interim to humidify my guitars. But when the Humidipaks were available again they sent me replacements ANYWAY. That was really being treated well by Planet Waves and I have never used anything else but Humidipaks since. Humidipaks give me peace of mind that my guitars are being humidified and I'm more than satisfied with how long the paks last.
