I seem to have problem with getting it to &#34;hear&#34; low E (of all strings) but it is very compact and convenient to use.
I love these clip-on tuners. I have several but this is the first one I purchased that is a bit of a pain because there is not angle adjustment for viewing it easily. I have to move the guitar neck to see it right and that makes it inconvenient.
Added December 5:Has yet to fall off the fiddle scroll again so the 5 star rating stands without an asterisk.Added November 8:I put the star back.  I've got (another) one on one of my banjos.  It does require a teeny bit of twisting a neck (either mine or the banjo's!) to see it clearly, but the size is more convenient if you want to carry it in your pocket and there's no neck to snap.While it may have some trouble staying affixed to a fiddle's scroll, it seems firmly rooted to the banjo's headstock.-------------------------Original November 4:This tuner has a display like the SN-8 rather than the SN-1 after which it is named. It's like any other Snark Super tight Tuner.I've taken off 1 star for two reasons:(1) I find I have to twist either my neck or my instrument uncomfortably to use it. Maybe it's just a matter of finding the right place to put it.  I'll keep trying.(2) My music partner immediately adopted it for her fiddle thinking she could leave it on all the time.  It was clamped solidly on the scroll but, to do that and have it be comfortable to read, the tuner was hanging down while playing.  Eventually it slipped off.  If it weren't kept on, this wouldn't be an issue, but that's how the advertising shows the tuner being used--clamped to a guitar headstock, hanging down. I'll report back if it doesn't happen again for a while. Even if this *is* an issue, its small square shape makes it very easy to slip into a pocket while not in use, so I still think it's worth 4 stars.
The larger ones sometimes have the neck snap so I thought this might be the answer.  The answer is to treat your larger Snarks nicer cause this thing on the back of your guitar with no adjustments simple doesn't cut it.  I have to move the guitar and crane my neck to see the display.  I'm quite disappointed and it sits here with no use.  It is cheap though.  Still to me it was money out the window.
I've purchased many Snark tuners. For my young guitar students, they are the easiest for them to use. Very stable and they make tuning a joy.This new Snark is compact and is also fast, stable and easy to read. My one problem is the angle the viewing screen is in use. I have to bend my neck far back of the guitar to see it. They need to rethink the design.But overall, I like it. I'll still keep my older Snarks and continue to use this one as well.
The only reason I give this 4 instead of 5 stars is that I've noticed it's response is a little less than the original (bulky) Snark SN-1. I must admit I haven't checked out a new battery, as with my original Snark, a new battery made a big difference. But the size is something that cannot be beat (the original Snark is a little ungainly) and this tuner really fits beautifully on my Strat. I have a Boss Tu-2 stompbox tuner and am thinking of freeing up my pedal board real estate and using this instead.Overall, this is a definite buy.
This thing is TINY and does not have the breakable swivel head of the original snark. This is the only tuner you need!
