Works very well and is portable.  Guitar leans pretty far back, but I 'put a sock on it', no literally, and now the guitar leans at the right angle.  Not literally a right angle, but a very good angle.  Why do you have to be so difficult?
I've tried numerous stands for the variety of instruments I use: electric guitar, acoustic guitar, mandolin, violin, and banjo. This one fits all of them and holds them securely and folds up easily for transport. It doesn't get in the way, has rubber feet and padding, and just works simply and effectively. It's not flashy looking, but then it's never seen because it either is hidden by the instrument, or blends in because of its compact size and black color. Nothing else is as versatile and effective, including the multi instrument stands, the ones with other shapes of the support arms, and other folding designs. This is simply the ideal.
works as advertised, good construction, folds easy, holds acoustic or electric, does not nock over easy or at all.  good product
What a great A-frame stand, especially for the money. It's lightweight but super-stable. I like it so much that I ordered three more. All 7 of my electric guitars fit wonderfully onto the stand, as do my acoustics. The similarly-priced Fender is a FPOS. It leans WAYYY too far back.I couldn't have hoped for more from these stands. Buy one. Buy a couple.
The concept of this guitar stand is great, and I thought it would be perfect for my two Telecasters...That is until I get the stands in place and put the guitars in them. The stands have a very deep angle, and from what I could tell, the guitars were sitting about 40 to 45 degrees back.It just looks silly, like your guitars are trying to slip out of the stand, or are in a slow-motion fall backwards. It also ends up taking up WAY too much space, as the stand has to be set out from the wall or corner quite a bit for clearance purposes. I ended up returning these stands, but would definitely buy again if they produced a more upright version.
It has a nice solid construction and a sturdy stance. Yet it folds flat to provide storage capability in a minimum of space.
This stand is sturdy and my guitars &#34;seat&#34; like an anchor.  I use one for my electric and another for acoustic.  Will be getting another as soon as I get daughters new guitar.
This guitar stand is as basic as you can get.Has padding where it needs it to protect guitar.Sets up in seconds.Provides good stability and displays guitar nicely.Perfect stand as long as you don't have others(roomates,kids,pets,etc.,who may bump it and knock it over).
Cheap. The best way to describe this stand. It serves it's purpose but spend a few shekels more on a better guitar stand.
Works great, does what it should, holds all my guitars securely.  acoustic and electric, but not at the same time.  haha
I cold not believe how much more sturdy my guitar is in this stand. I had the typical guitar stand before and had to be very careful about it tipping over. This one is so secure and my guitar has never felt like it would tip over. Small and sturdy. I use it at practice and during our live shows. You can't go wrong with this.
I like the fact is foldable and can be put away or carried easily. The biggest down side is the angle that the guitar sits, the lean is to far back so you'll need to keep it further from walls than usual. Other wise good deal.
I bought 3 of these and will by more for my guitar collection. Cheap but work. Nothing fancy...just functional. Nothing more to say, but it said I needed 1 more word.
I needed an inexpensive music stand for my guitar lessons. This worked well for that.
YES, DEAR READER, THIS STAND WILL WORK AS A GOOD SUPPORT STAND FOR NOT ONLY MY GRAND CONCERT SIZE ACOUSTIC GUITAR, FOR  MY FIVE- STRING BANJO (WITH RESONATOR), AND.ALSO  FOR MY BARITONE UKULELE.  THE STAND IS.STURDY, PROVIDES GOOD SUPPORT, AND LOOKS GOOD.  I AM PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE. AND WILL PROBABLY BUY ANOTHER JUST LIKE IT FOR MY BANJO. THE PACKAGE ARRIVED IN TIME AND WAS PROTECTED BY AN ADEQUATE SHIPPING CONTAINER..
Not much to really say but its a great stand that is durable and i have no problems with it and it does not scratch your guitar.
Just barely gets the job done...I have a Fender Jazz Bass Standard.  The shape of the body of the guitar does not fit the arms of this stand and it forces you to position it very carefully to avoid the stand collapsing.  It is very low quality, not particularly sturdy and my cords get wrapped around it constantly.  Its JUST good enough, but if my room were larger and my guitar out in the open, I would be constantly worried about it falling over.  I will definitely be replacing this with a better quality stand in the near future.
The stand works great. It supports my Casio CTK6250 on the shortest level and can go pretty high as well. This thing folds up so it is easy for storing. It is a bit heavy, but that allows it to support almost any keyboard. This is by far the most stable keyboard stand out there and a great price too.
Not the best but not the worse. This stand works as expected, it can hold a guitar. All the surfaces that make contact with your instrument are covered with rubber padding which is important. Only downside is there's no neck support. I used this mainly for putting my guitar down when not playing not for displaying!
Simple to deploy and holds the guitar very effectively. Good value. Low to the ground, so balance is not an issue.
Inexpensive and practical. You don't have to watch out too much when placing a guitar on this - just about any angle will work. Needs little space, another plus.
