I have one gig bag already (not like this Fender), and wanted another gig bag for a third guitar I bought.  This Fender is lots better then my other bag.  My other bag has the storage pockets on the broad bottom part but not the nice storage pockets up on the neck like this Fender bag.  The Finder's padding is a bit better than my other bag also, but, of course, neither is as good as hard case.I am handicapped with a prosthesis on my right leg.  I need the back pack straps on back of a gig back to help me transport my guitar, because I use crutches and they require my hands.  The Fender's straps are great.  The left strap on my other gig bag would often work its over and off my shoulder and then the guitar would hang all catty-wompass and it became difficult for me to carry.  The straps on this Fender stay put - love it.The guitar I tote in this bag is a Martin HD-28.  But, it can also my Blueridge BR-180 or my Seagull S6 Coastal Spruce.  Either of my three acoustic guitars fit the Fender gig bag perfectly.Like I said, its a great gig bag.  If I ever need another, I'll be getting another Fender gig bag.
Really am impressed with this gig bag. My beloved Jasmine fits perfectly inside, has nice padding, tons of pockets to store stuff, backpack straps and handle for easy carrying, and it looks FAB! Love the price too. Can't go wrong with this one.
I was at Guitar Center looking for the right gig bag for my recently purchased Ibanez EW20ASENT Acoustic Guitar, which is virtually identical to theIbanez EW20ZWENT Exotic Woods Series Zebrawood Acoustic Electric Cutaway Guitar, but everything they had in stock was a bit too small... I've been playing electric for many years, but this was my first acoustic purchase. Turns out I have the "Dreadnought" variety, which is a bit larger. This Fender bag received some great reviews, but I was apprehensive about having to return it if the dimensions weren't correct... I couldn't find ANY info on the web about the interior dimensions of this bag, so I took the leap... and I'm so glad I did! Bag is not too snug, not too loose, and has a great array of zippered pockets and dual shoulder straps. Great padding, yet still lightweight. And a great price! And it arrived a day early... sweet. Ibanez EW20 body (not neck) dimensions: W 16", D 5", L 20". Thank you Amazon & Fender!
Look no further these are great bags.. Well padded, lots of good pockets, does all that it should. Very pleased..
This arrived a week sooner then expected!  I am very happy with this bag, my Fender LH San Miguel Acoustic guitar fits perfectly!  It is nicely padded and has lots of pockets for anything you might need to carry.
I went with this over road runner because of the pouch designs which i like better because they are square. Unfortunately I think the Roadrunner is better quality, thicker material.
works great and looks great, low price so overall i would recommend it to anyone that needs a soft case
I was very happy to get this bag and the quality is excellent!.  I have a Seagull S6 Dreadnought and it fits in this bag like a glove.  The zippers are also very high quality and this bag will last a long time. Another great quality of this bag is the insulation factor. I had to travel in some very cold weather to a friends home and I fully expected to have to retune my guitar... not so... it was still in tune and the cold had no effect during transport due to the insulation of this bag.
