I play in small tight places..  Sometimes, People dance right in front of us..  I actually bought one of these  for my partner because for some reason, he would put his stand high and only use 1/3 of his boom to hold his microphone..  the rest of his boom arm stuck out into the crowd and because it was so tight, drunk dancers would bump into the boom part of the stand knock his microphone into his teeth..  Despite me telling him that he should just adjust his boom differently, he wouldn't and would continue to get annoyed by the drunk dancers.When I saw this, I thought it would make a nice christmas gift..  He does use it in the one place that he has problems but only here for some reason..I bought one for myself as well and I do like it..  The plastic piece that holds the extruding part to the other side of the boom does not stay in though..  It comes apart quite easily..  My only complaint..What I do love is that the teeth on the boom angle that connects to the stand holds the boom and it doesn't slip down at all!  I personally love that because I have had Boom arms that &#34;Go Limp&#34; and their is nothing more annoying!!
I do need a boom to keep the mic. stand away from my guitar when I'm playing and singing. This Posi-Lok Mini-Boom is a nice clean look and is very functional. On Stage has a well built unit here. I have ordered several! Highly recommended. Best price I have found is at Amazon.
I use this for an instrument mic when sitting on stage. Rigid, easily adjustable and inexpensive. Lighter than a full boom.
I was concerned when I bought this that my microphone stand would be prone to tipping over since there isn't a counterweight. However, not only does this thing lock in tight and not slowly tip down like other boom stands I've used in the past, but it hasn't tipped over yet after quite a bit of use.
It's a short boom, but it works great. I really like the way it locks with interlocking teeth rather than simply tightening.
I use this boom attached to a desk clamp to hold a talk back mic (a cheap SM58 wannabe from Radio Shack). I like how I can collapse and tilt back the boom so it is out of the way when not in use, but then I can  easily position for use with a generous 16 inch reach. Definitely cannot use this with a standard desk mic stand weighted base because of the tip risk, but a clamping mount works very well. The locking clutch is excellent, with a large nob and secure teeth. The smaller knob to control extending the boom is also more than sufficient. Just what I needed.
When this product appeared to be defective I contacted the seller. While they agreed to an exchange they did say that I was liable for up to 5.81 in shipping costs. I thought that more than 25% of the item's cost was a bit much.I decided to conatct the ON STAGE people directly. Not only did they seem genuinely cocerned about their product living up to their standadrs they patiently and politely guided me through the proper set-up, determined that the item was defective and then pronmised me a replacement without having to return the defective item, a microphone boom. I had the replacemnt in about four days.I have been using ON STAGE instrument and microphone stands for several years now. They are extremely well manufactured, they look great and are sturdy as heck. And I am extremely greatful to the compnay for the way they handled my issue.I have rarely been so satisfied with the way an issue was resolved and at the same extremely satisfied with the product as well.On Stage Stands 7701B Tripod Boom Microphone StandSquier by Fender Affinity Telecaster, Butterscotch BlondeShure SE115-CL Sound Isolating Earphones (Clear)Mini 3.5mm Flexible Microphone for PC/Laptop/Skype
This mini telescoping boom is the bomb! It is built very well with long lasting parts. It looks very professional and works without any problems. It fit perfect on my new Hercules mic stand and was ready to go. It holds your condenser mic very solid for a worry-free session. Especially if you have an expensive heavy mic you want to protect without any question of durability. I'd say it it worth every penny if you prefer quality equipment in your studio. This one is definitely a hit!
