I bought this cable for my band's live show setup.  I bought it almost a year ago and still currently use it for the same application.  While not the best quality cable, the length and price make it a good value for the money, especially if you're buying several at a time.  I don't use these cables in the studio but for live, they're fine.  I'd recommend this cable if you're on a budget and looking to buy several at a time.  If you're only going to buy one, I'd look into Canare or Mogami, they're a little bit more expensive but easy to get and worth the price.
If they're used for live performances they will not last very long! Good for the price. I need to resolder the ends after a concert though.
There's nothing complicated about this purchase. It's a cable. It works. It doesn't cost a lot. It's a great deal. Get it.I use it every week, and it still sounds perfect. Then, again, I never mistreat my equipment.
I bought this cable in order to be able to run longer cable runs on stage. It works for that. It's a narrower gauge of wire than some of my other cables, and that makes me a little cagy about its durability. I tend to use it for cable runs where I don't expect a lot of movement (e.g., running a cable to a mic stand) and save my better cables for the belt pack mics.The jacket on the cable has a very pronounced butyl rubber smell, and it really activated my allergies at first. I stored the mic cables in an open cardboard box for a few months before using them, and that seemed to help a lot with the rubber smell. Not everyone has allergies, so this might not be an issue for all folks--but I couldn't use these cables for anything near my face for the first few months.They're cheap and they work fine. I haven't noticed any sound issues at all.
I've had this cable for awhile and I'm not too impressed with the quality. The plug and jack look cheap and the cable is thin. I use it at home on a practice mic and it hasn't had much of a workout. I don't think it would hold up long on stage at a venue.
These cables are a little thin compared to hosa and GLS. They picked up a little interference from other equipment as well. Guessing they are lacking some shielding.
