Recently I switched from a Blackstar HT-5 to a Fender Mustang III V2 amp. Although the Fender is a great sounding amp, you don't get this natural warmth that you get with tubes there's this liveliness that's missing. So, although my cleans sound good, they aren't great. Although my overdrive sounds good... it's not great. Although my distortion... well you get the picture.Since adding this pedal was less expensive than buying a new amp I decided to give it a try. This pedal adds the same kind of sparkle to your sound that you would get from using a clean boost on a tube amp. I believe some people call it &#34;pixie dust&#34; ... that little bit of magic that makes your sound come alive.Interestingly enough, I don't leave this pedal on all the time. But when I stack pedals, or use certain effects like chorus, a shimmer reverb, or any effect with the exception of maybe a leslie... it's pretty awesome.It works different than an EQ... and if you have a tube amp - a clean boost may do the same thing... I think it really adds life to solid state amps.
It's hard to really describe what this pedal does-  It doesn't distort, flange, echo, or produce a chorus.  I'd heard it described as making your amp sound like someone had thrown a blanket off of it.  And because words don't do an accurate job in describing it, I would have probably never pulled the trigger on one (even though they are pretty cheap as pedals go).  As luck would have it, I acquired one on trade, and I have to admit that I agree with the whole blanket euphemism.  This stompbox helps correct the boxy sound of my Blues Jr. when placed at the end of my pedaltrain- right before I run into the amp. I don't feel it needs to be run on a dedicated effects loop to improve an amp's tone, though I do believe it works even better in a loop.  I placed it in the effects loop of both a Palomino V8 (USA/Ampeg made) and a Crate VC508 (a 5 watt USA made EL84 tube amp with Celestian speaker) and it was transformative to both amps' tone (in a great way). It does very well with single coils.  It's a pedal that I would leave on all the time once my tone is dialed in.  I don't think it works as well when I run my LP into a Jet City combo - particularly when trying to coax out subtle textures / harmonics. That amp also lacks an effects loop and I imagine it would have a different effect if placed after the preamp phase.  I guess it's rig dependent, but it's a keeper for what it does to the sound of my Fender.
This is a great pedal to put at the end of your FX chain. I have it as the last on my pedalboard before my GNX4. It's always on & it only took me about a week to settle on how I liked it adjusted. There are only two knobs & I just played around with them untill I was happy with the sound. I do a lot of recording & I also checked the sound after recording. Can't reccomend it enough especially considering the price.
I like it. This is a good pedal for end of line tone adjustments. Like all other pedals, it's not "The Pedal" (seems like you always need another one). But it does add to the other pedals in shaping your tone. After you've settle on a setting you like, it adds a subtle, but noticeable addition to your sound.
This pedal essentialy balances out the high, mid, and low frequencies yout instrument produces. I also have the software version of this effect on my DAW. This pedal does a great job of giving your instrument a more balanced and full tone. When I switch it on it allmost sounds like someone took a blanket off my amplifier. I highly recomend this pedal for and and all musicians.
For those of you who are doing jangly pop stuff or real peaky, bitey blues material (think Albert Collins), this will likely add a little, and I mean A LITTLE, extra oomph to your sound. It sounds like it uses a touch of reverb and a dash of the higher end of the mids to make cleans sound more sparkling. But you should also be able to get the same sounds out of a Hughes and Kettner Statesman 40 or 60 watt amp, too, just running it straight.To me, from what I have heard, it adds nothing to those who use a fair amount of distortion in their music. It definitely doesn't add any more fatness. So my overall impression is that what this box provides is the same thing that some people swear they get out of copper bracelets for their arthritis or feeling better with an increased Vitamin E regimen. In other words, this is a matter of what is in your head and how suggestable you are.Most musicians already use EQ and reverb and by careful tweaking of those two things you can obtain what you think you're getting out of this pedal, I think.
I'm not going to do any explaining about the "science" behind how this pedal works. I'm just going to focus this review on how the pedal affects your tone. This definitely isn't a boost, and it's also not an eq, the BBE sonic stomp is a uniquely functioning pedal. To the ear, it serves to add clarity, depth, and body to your tone. Essentially, this pedal allows you to get the most out of the tones your amp is already producing.The lo contour knob doesn't "increase" the amount of bass produced by the amp. Rather, it tightens up and generally increases the depth of the bass (and low mid) tone. To the ear this may sound at first like the bass has been increased, but it hasn't. You're just hearing all the bass tone that was there in the first place, that was jumbled up as the signal went from your guitar to the amp.The process knob really just focuses on the treble and high mid frequencies. These frequencies can often be very unpleasant and grating to hear, and the sonic stomp sort of evens and smooths out those tones so they are clearer and less harsh.That's not to say that you can't dial in some very aggressive and cutting highs if you play lead metal or something; indeed, it'll make those searing lead tones even better.Now, I gave this product 4 stars not because I've had any issues with it or haven't been in any way unsatisfied with it; but rather because it's really a fairly subtle effect. At first I almost couldn't tell a difference between having it on and off. With time I've been able to better recognize and appreciate the impact that it has on my tone, but it doesn't make a "night and day" difference.I recommend this pedal to someone who already has a tone that you're happy with, and just want to make it even better. This pedal won't make a cheap 15 watt solid- state combo sound like a tube half-stack. It won't make you love your tone when you were completely unsatisfied with it before.In conclusion, though I definitely wouldn't put this pedal into the "must have" category, it definitely improves the quality of my tone. This is a pedal that I leave on all the time, as it improves both clean and distorted tones.
This pedal adds that "I don't know what" to your sound.I chased a sound for years until buying this pedal - what a difference.If you have great, top quality cable, quiet amps and pedal boards, shielded guitars, fresh tubes - you know the drill - you spend thousands chasing something you hear in your head - then you plug one pedal in and WHAMO!! - there it is!It was THIS pedal for me - just turn the knobs until "it" comes out of your speakers.A must have - especially if you are playing clubs, bars or arenas - you have a pedal board - and you are looking for that sound that is gonna finally push your sound out front - give your notes clarity during leads - make overdriven chords ring.I like this pedal - it's on my board - and it's never coming off.
Back in the 90's I used to have an Ampeg guitar head with an effects loop. I discovered the rack version of the BBE in a music store and was amazed by what it did for the money. The amp I have now is a totally bad ass Fryette Deliverance 120, but sadly it has no effects loop. So I thought I was out of luck as far as a BBE goes, because as far as I knew they were only available in rack mount units that could not be placed anywhere but in the effects loop. Then I was looking for pedals on Amazon and, lo and behold, there was a BBE Sonic Maximizer pedal! I snatched it up with a quickness and I am very pleased that it sounds just as good as the rack version. One caveat- if your signal is noisy the BBE can actually increase your signal noise. For this reason I highly recommend using top quality patch and instrument cables and doing all you can to clean up any noisy aspects of your sound before you use it. This pedal is very subtle, but to an audiophile like me it is absolutely essential. It also works great for ANY instrument or sound system. It's also great for vocals as well. But you may want the rack version for those applications. I would also buy the rack version if I had an effects loop to run it through. IMO, the pedal is really only for those folks who have no effects loop but still like what the BBE does. I'd go with the rack just for ease of use and keeping it in the proper place in the signal chain. Plus you can get a stereo rack version and have two BBE's for not much more money that you can use for another application.
