These tuners look and feel great. I used them on a Warmouth neck that I purchased for my strat build. It was kind of a pain having to drill the 2 holes for the prongs on each tuner, but that is the way it is designed. They would be a suitable replacement for Fender tuners should one ever break.The gold hardware looks awesome on my guitar.
Warning the tuners have two bumps instead of one. When I looked at the picture it looked like there was only one but there is two and I didnt find it anywhere in the description. Anyway it just lost one star for that I still put them on my guitar and it looks bad a@#!!!!
I put these on my Dlx Players Strat but it wasn't a piece of cake. First problem... no instructions came with the package. Found a method done by another searching online. Served as a guide. Second, after removing the old Fender Tuners I noticed the new tuners didn't fit into the slots. This meant drilling out the holes by another 1/8 of an inch. Blue tape both sides as to prevent marring. Third, the new unit using a tightening center nut rather than screws to the headstock. There are also with two dimples. I used a ruler clamped to the headstock for keeping straight alignment and another clamp to press the dimples into the tock for drill bit placement. Then carefully drilled two holes per tuner. Take you time on all of this as not to damaged the finish on the headstock. These rest was simple. Install the tuners and tighten the nuts is now a breeze.  If you are not mechanically inclined then I strongly suggest you go to a Luthier as this is more than a simple replacement job. For the price you think they at least provide specs and some instructions.
These are a direct drop in replacement on Fender Standard (MIM) stratocasters, Fender American Standard, Fender American Deluxe.I have replaced my tuners of this style with Fenders locking version that looks just like these but has a thumbwheel on the back.Unfortunately, the locking ones are difficult to get in a gold finish. (But you can get them, ultimately.)I ordered a set of these non-locking ones - the finish is nice and is the deep dark gold that matches fender's /schaller's gold hardware. (not all gold hardware is the same color gold). The quality is good and they look and function well. However, I returned them because they are not locking...I ultimately decided a locking tuner was more important for the guitar I was building.If you just want gold tuners, don't care about the string locking feature, and are playing a fender strat or tele - you can't beat these. By comparison to a lot of the gold tuners, the price of these on amazon is quite reasonable too.
These are great tuners, and they look great.  I've never had a lot of interest in locking tuners, except on my floyd rose guitars.
