I purchased this rack last year to hold my outboard recording gear.  I liked the fact that it was open in the back so I could patch things in and out easily before I bought a patch bay.  I find it very sturdy and well made, and I've loaded it almost completely full.  I do recommend placing the heavier units towards the bottom.
great rack.  small enought to fit on top of a table or under it.  light weight but holds a lot.  at some point I had 2 behringer amps, power conditioner and 2 single unit audio processors.
First off, most audio racks have that annoying &#34;slide these little metal pieces over the rails and put your screws into them&#34; instead of properly sized holes. Not this one. Not only do the holes get made proper size with threads in them, but it even includes 48 screws so you don't have to try to figure out which of the 3 sizes you've collected over the years is going to fit.I loaded it up with equipment and haven't had a worry about it since. Solid construction and the mounting just works. This one is done right.
Simple and useful rack stand. Easy to assemble. Easy to mount rack components... but the rubber leg terminals are easy to lose too. A little more interest in the manufacture means more quality.
This is exactly the item I needed for my podcasting rig.  It holds my Behringer mixer along with my compressor and my vocal processing box.  It lets me move the whole thing easily out of the way when I need to use my table for something besides podcasting.The stand is easy to assemble and is very well built.  There's nothing bad I can say about it, if you need to hold some audio gear then have no reservations about picking one of these up.  Highly recommended.
This stand is great for my 45lb Peavey 1500. It is a light weight rack and I had to put the amp toward the bottom. I wouldn't put much more in it but it is exactly what I needed. I can grab the rack by the top bracket and move it around easily. Haven't tried gigging with it but if you are gentle I think it would work fine.
This rack stand is made up of a heavy steel, and welded together very well. I received my rack stand yesterday, and put it together in under 5 minutes. My audio equipment mounted easily, with the 48 INCLUDED mounting screws, and everything looks great, and I don't have to worry about this thing collapsing or falling over. It is very sturdy, and very stable. I recommend this to anyone planning to rack up to 12 audio or networking devices. I will definitely be purchasing another rack stand once I fill this one up. I will add pictures of my rack stand setup shortly.
I've had it for about a month now and it hasn't fallen apart so I guess that's a plus, but the main issue with this rackmount is that whatever automated machine they used to drill the screw holes is definitely defective, as a large majority of the holes are slightly deformed and will not take in the provided screws and are therefore USELESS.  Thanks to this problem I am only able to use TWO slots out of TWELVE.  It's definitely very frustrating and although the price is tempting, stay away from this.
it ok, its hard to use the bottom 1u space because of the angle, the gear must be very short to fit the bottom space before hitting your mounting surface....11u rack, not 12u....
I use this with my mobile DJ equipment and it is fantastic. Very sturdy and light enough to easily carry. Holes for screw mounts are perfectly placed and allow easy component installation. Plastic covers on the feet came off right away though, but not really a big deal to me.
I've uploaded customer-supplied images above to show just how much gear one of these is capable of holding and how small the stage or studio footprint is. When you factor in the price it's plain to see that this rack is not only a bargain, but a flexible platform for mounting components.One other characteristic that the images reveals is this is not a table-top only rack. They work very well on the floor.The rack itself is easy to assemble and is built like a tank. I have a bass amp head and a power amp, plus a power conditioner in one of my racks that, combined, weighs around 50 pounds. The rack is not stressed or strained by this weight, and could probably hold another 50 pounds safely and reliably. Another plus is it comes with a bag of high quality mounting screws for components, eliminating that expense (I was expecting to have to orderRaxxess Rack Screws With Washers Hardware (Pack of 25), which turned out to be completely unnecessary.)My only complaint is the rubber feet caps easily fall off, but a little glue rectified that rather trivial problem.If you need portability, reliability and value for smaller gear suites that are frequently moved (such as setting up on stages) this is an ideal solution for rack mounted equipment. I am so pleased with mine that I intend to purchase another one, bringing the total to three.
I purchased this to help unclutter my desk with some of my recording gear. This stand is very stable and useful! So if you want a cheap way to rack your stuff this is the way to go!
