I am very disappointed. The guitar was packed with its strings tensioned and the top detachment partially from the guitar body.It is unusable until repaired.Update: It has been several days after writing and attach photographs to the seller (Amazon), and have not received any communication.
Dont be cheap.  take it to a guitar shop and ask for a full tuning for new guitars.  The low e buzzed pretty bad until i did that.  If you are doing more than just finger-picking, you might want to add pick-shield.  My wife used it for some naked newborn pics and the guitar got most of the compliments which I had very mixed feelings about.  If you play mostly standing, this is the guitar for you.  If you sit down, it slides out from your lap alot due to the curve of the back.  But it is loud and sounds very rich considering the price of the guitar.  Good structural integrity thus far.  My newborn is now 15 months and its is holding up nicely considering how many times she has gotten a hold of it.  I really should get a case.
A friend of my has one and I just found in love with it. Great sound! Beautiful color! The Applause exceeds my expectation whether it is unplugged or amplified.
No Doubt.... It's not a really exceptional guitar but for the money you get more than you should. First impression of the guitar was terrible. I took it out of the box and started to play. The neck had a huge bow in it. The truss rod was completely loose. I had to adjust the truss rod to make the guitar playable. I'm not sure if it was just my guitar that wasn't set up or if that's the way they come. If they come with a loose truss rod then this guitar is not for a beginning player as properly adjusting the neck is best left to someone who knows what they are going. Once the neck was setup and the guitar tuned I was pleasantly surprised. The guitar sounded pretty good. The neck is thin and has the familiar feel of an electric. Action was good. Upper fret access is really good. The guitar stays in tune while playing. Plugged into an amp playing through the pickup offered no surprises. The bright red red stained finish on the top was a nice touch. I expected red paint. I would have preferred bigger frets for bending and ease of fretting. They are a little small. $175 for a roundback is really a no brainer. If your a beginner or have some playing experience you will enjoy this guitar and the value it offers.
This instrument might actually be in a class of its own. That is, it would be extremely difficult to find a guitar in this price band that comes even remotely close in terms of quality; not only with regard to craftsmanship, but certainly the sound it produces. The Applause exceeds expectation whether it is unplugged, amplified, or even run directly through a mixer. Beyond sounding comparatively spectacular, it is far more durable than perhaps any other hollow-bodied instrument on the market due to its components and design. The electronics are reliable and the instrument is accessible, or playable, to even the most novice of musicians. This guitar is the ideal instrument for a beginner or a younger musician, simply because it is cost efficient, durable, and as easy to play for the price as one might be able to find anywhere. Even experienced guitarists will almost certainly appreciate its action, sound and durability if not only for the purposes of practice and travel. This is an exceptional value and an excellent instrument.
