First of all, I use this as more of a 6 band EQ using the lower and highest more for LP and HP filters.  The middle four have the most dramatic effect on the tone.  You can also use this as boost box, using the gain and volume sliders.  The box is solid and fairly easy to manipulate on stage, but I tend to set and forget.In reviewing other posts maybe these bullets may be helpful.-If you turn your gain way up, you will have hiss.  Period, this holds true for any effect box or amp that has a gain on it that I have been exposed to.  Have a reason for upping your gain, if it is to add volume consider doing this on your guitar or amp.-EQ is to ENHANCE your tone, not create it!  A Strat cannot be made to sound like a Les Paul and vice versa.  Your tone is made up of many, many variables.  The resulting tone can be SHAPED or COLORED by adding or subtracting certain frequencies.  That is the function of an EQ, nothing more.  IT can range from dramatic to very subtle.  Very small changes can have large effects.  Small bumps in the higher range really enhance the harmonics I am able to produce.-I tend to put the EQ in much later in my effect chain, but feel free to experiment.
This pedal works well, and lets you sculpt a pleasing sound to suit the situation.  A little goes a long way with the sliders, and the gain and level functions are occasionally useful.  Nice accessory for a tube amp or an amp lacking good onboard eq.  It makes it much easier to dial in the exact sound you want, easier than messing with eq knobs that can interact with each other.Ten bands is a little overkill for guitar.  Three of them are outside the range of the instrument, but I bought this one because I like that it blinks if clipping, it has the extra volume and gain sliders, and comes with the AC adaptor.  This adds no noise that I can tell, except if the sliders are up it amplifies noise already there.It's an all around quality product that I imagine I'll still have twenty years from now.
as another guy said &#34;how could i live without this pedal before?&#34; i agree with that, i got two of these, one for my base guitar, one for my guitar.simply outstanding, simply the best. thank u mxr!
I have a Fender Hod Rod Deluxe, and though it's got the Formel Electronics Mod... still needed a nice touch.This guy filled the need! Using the Effects Loop, no need of Volume or Gain, the sound is way much richer and definition for different types of guitars is beautiful.
Comes with Adapter.This thing controls your tone so well!!!!!Everything about it is just so much worth the money im starting to fall in love with MXR!
I had never considered using an EQ pedal before seeing and buying this, but man....I was missing out! The ten bands are truly incredible in shaping a precise sound and is especially impressive when using distortion. Each band is hyper sensitive....five for tone (high/mid/low) and five for gain. Aside from providing exact sound control, it also boosts your volume a little and functions as an overdrive as well. If you dont use distortion though, you can still benefit highly from this pedal, as even the clean channels become more crisp and effects more pronounced. This is especially highlighted when using delay or chorus, but distinctly noticeable regardless. By far the most versatile pedal I have ever used. I cant imagine not using it now that I have it. One further note....you can run this through an adapter chain if you dont want to dedicate an outlet to this one pedal....but, it is really cool that the power supply is included with the purchase. Just ups the value even further. I really cant recommend this highly enough. I think every guitarist and bass player should own one.Enjoy!
This is an always on pedal for me.It's at the end of my pedal board right before the BBE.It really allowed me to wake up the board - and I like the fact that I can adjust it on the fly if I don't totally agree with my tone that night.Very nice - built like a brick - every guitarist and bassist needs one of these whether you run a pedal board or not.
