My old cable was stiff and unruly. This one is not so stiff and is very well built. Buy it.
Is a nice cable,,god quality  as always with the Fender brand... Guys if you need a cable that are not high budget,, and a god quality this is the cable....
This cable arrived today and I am still in shock! It's truly amazing. The best BY FAR patch cable I have EVER used, or even seen in 25 years of guitar playin.HUGE value! Buy one now!
This amp cable is perfect.  It fits my need for practicing.  It's just the right length for sitting on the couch, strumming daily.  I would like this one for each amp I own so I'm not always taking it from amp to amp.  I will buy some more of these.The cable also looks nice and completes the Fender look.  I would highly recommend this and give it a no-brainer 5 star rating.  I have nothing negative to say about this.
Very durable cables ... I've used them all. Fenders aren't bad. I have used these without any problems whatsoever! See for yourself!
as expected for a beginner. I'm just learning what I want and what I need. This cable works fine for my needs right now.
I received the Fender cable exactly as shown in the picture.It is a thick cable with the ends of the jack and start of the cable enveloped in the white plastic strain relief.It looks great, was fairly cheap, and built to last.
Fender 1A-SX2S-JTXK 10-Feet Performance Series Guitar Cable ig good Stereo cable for guitar or keybord.It's long enought. I recommend it
Even though it is Fender it was made in China I would have thought the US.  What can you say about a guitar chord?
If you need a cord and don't want to pay a lot, this is a good one.  I was surprised howsturdy it appears. The only part that is not so good is that it is a straight connector nota right angle but it works fine.
Very nice cable but the white ends (which are nice looking) could be a little shorter.  It works awesomely and it's not a bad price for name brand cables.
Nice looking,nice sound and quality to these cables.They are what I needed!Thank You GO-DPS for making such good quality products.
Delivers just what you want in a guitar cable and the quality is what you would expect from a Fender product.
I'm pretty active on stage and have had problems with cable breakage for years. (I haven't found a wireless unit that I feel comfortable with on stage yet) I was usually replacing the cable connected to my guitar about every three to four months until I purchased these. At first I purchased one just to check them out, but after six months. I decided to replace all of my guitar cables with these. There just so well made and much cheaper than other high end cables too. They last forever! Definitely worth the money!
Got this for my electric guitar. Does its job just fine and the white tips look quite nice, a truly great product!
These Fender 10 foot Guitar cables are by far the best bang for your buck!Every part of these cables are quality.
This is a Very nice cable, I like this one better than all the other ones that I Own, Its thick and the sound is great. Then one day an Amp was bumped over in such a way that the cable end was broken or sheared off, That stunk
Does what it's supposed to do.  Very sturdy feeling.  Pretty sure I could strangle a person with it if I had to.  I'm not a dangerous person but you know, when people request wagon-wheel.......
