This is, by far my favorite pedal on my pedal board, but you should know somethingi hate it at first, because i had a solid state amp, and this one sounded like crap(sorry for the bad word), then i got a tube amp, and omg, its like GOD in person.I really really recomend this one.
Excellent stomp box. You can dial it right in to get that SRV sound. Very sturdy and very well made. A must have for any blues player.
For the money this is a tremendous pedal.  The next step up might be the new MXR Bonamassa tube pedal but that is almost double the price.  By the way Bonamassa does use this pedal albeit a fairly old one ... maybe the maxon made version.  I doubt there is that much difference...  Very well made and useable and effective tone controls unlike other pedals that I find only click in at the ends of the adjustments and the middle area is modest.  It is great and I kinda like the great look.  You really have to watch the prices cause they do fluctuate a fair bit .  It has gone up more than 10 percent in just a few weeks..
If you need a tube screamer. You can't go wrong with the TS9. The only reason why you shouldn't get it, is if it isn't the right tone for you. I say this because you can't say anything bad about this pedal. It sounds amazing. It just might not be your sound. I personally went with the TS808 because it compliments my amp better than the TS9. People who say this is better than the TS808 or vice versa are choosing the wrong wording. They prefer it. It's not better. Both are great.
First off, this is a great, classic pedal that has shaped the tones of rock and blues artists all over the musical map.  It's actually a reissue of the pedals Ibanez made in the 1980's, though there's some debate over whether or not  the modern circuitry retains all of that original tone.  In my opinion, unless you're being purposefully picky or have the most elite of trained ears, you would never be able to tell the difference.  The construction is sturdy (metal and actually heavier-feeling than a BOSS pedal).  The LED light, for some reason, is difficult to see from an angle, but that's largely an irrelevant gripe.But let's be clear what a "Tube Overdrive" pedal is and isn't.  This is NOT a distortion petal like the Boss DS-1 or Metal Zone (MT-2).  It is also not a "fuzz" pedal like you would hear on a Jimi Hendrix song.  It is not meant for heavy rock/metal/grunge type music.  If you need heavy distortion to mask sloppy playing, the TS9 is not for you.What it DOES do, however, is to boost the signal at the front end, which essentially results in a more dynamic done with additional gain.  This can result in a very midrange-heavy "blues" tone (Stevie Ray Vaughan used it quite a bit), or even a nice "crunch" overdrive tone (AC/DC) for rhythm work.  Some guitars use it simply to boost their signal without adding a bunch of additional gain.  It also works well with other distortion pedals for that purpose.Long story short - the Ibanez TS9 Tubescreamer really is one of the more versatile pedals you will use - just don't expect it to create every range of sounds you need right out of the box.  For a cheaper alternative, consider Digitech's surprisingly good "Bad Monkey" overdrive pedal, which is half the price and gives you more control over tone.  I've also compared this to BOSS's BD-2 Blues Driver, which is an excellent, but very different style of overdrive.  (The BD-2 has a much hotter output and is more aggressive; the Tubescreamer is more subtle and works in the midrange while retaining your underlying clean tone and responding to picking style).  If you start with a good amp and guitar setup, the Tubescreamer will sound great.  It won't completely transform your tone, but it will give your current tones a boost, make those solos really sing and those rhythm chords really crunch.
I bought this unit for a friend, and I could compare with others overdrives I already have. I think the MXR Badass Custom Modified Overdrive or Way Huge Green Rhino are better choise.
