Unlike some other reviewers I have found no quality issues with mine, it came symmetrically bent with a plastic pad that doesn't smell like anything, it holds my harp exactly where it needs to be and is easy enough to remove, all I need to do is loosen the bottom wingnut, rotate the harp away from my mouth, and lift the frame over my head.To change out harps bite down on your harp, use your hands to depress the tabs on either side and then pull your head back sliding the harp out as you do, to insert a new one place your harp in your mouth, depress tabs and use your mouth to center the harp in between the plates, when it is in position release tabs making sure not to get your lips caught between the harmonica and the plates as they pinch shut.
The harmonica barely fits the holder, and there is no adjustment for distance from the mouth to the harmonica. I can't get the harmonica adjusted close enough to play it, unless I modify it.
its cheap//it worx// what more to say?welp...only other thing to say is ashame that itdoesnt have like a thin brass slip washer with oneof those finned lock washers on the adjustment wingnutsand it'd be perfect!!! (nope...i still havent found those lilbrass washers that size in my stash so im on the hunt :Dblow-on bruthas n sistas!Doc P.
I wish there was a fine pivot/angle adjustment to orient harp to mouth. I feel I have to angle my head awkwardly to use harmonica no matter how I set it up. I have a big neck and a prominent jaw so the armature does not extend as far as I think I need it to - causing the position of harmonica angle to be awkward for me. for the angle to be right it would be in my mouth ( LOL ).This is the least expensive holder I could find Nov 2013. Since it was inexpensive comparatively I will use a vice and bend it to suit me if my grand nephews don't want it.Also not sure why they don't make these wider to accommodate a larger variety of Harmonicas as it has a very strong spring action holding harmonica in place, could easily hold a much larger and longer harmonica if designed to do so. a 5 star mechanism 4 star armature design.
I ordered both this one and the Lee Oskar.  I couldn't find a usable position with either and was about ready to return them both then noticed that the shoulder piece on the Hohner had &#34;raised&#34; ends.  I reversed this piece where the ends angle down instead of up and it works ok.  The quality appears good.  The springs that hold the harp in are STRONG but by holding the harp in my mouth and using both hands I can change harps without removing the rack.This was my first shoulder rack and I didn't know what to expect.  I have to have it adjusted exactly right to be able to go from harp to singing and it's challenging but I can get it done.
This holder, and just about every holder I've ever bought, doesn't hold a harmonica at the right angle for me.  They all need one more joint to adjust the angle. I've had Hohner racks before so I was prepared.  I use harmonica holders for kazoos.  This one has a decent spring and may not require the use of duct tape or wire to hold the kazoo in place.  I may add the wire or tape just for the kazoo aesthetic.  The angle for kazoo use is fine.Obviously not everyone's head and neck are the same as mine.  This holder may work well for harmonica for some people.  If you can, you should try on holders before you buy.
I prefer this design that is fitted to hold the exact size of a diatonic compared to the style that is made to fit any size. Great quality, lasts forever. You won't be dissapointed.
Great harmonica rack, for smaller harps.  Very strong in the set when worn.  A must have for any folk player.
This was the first time I ventured into the world of harp.I figured it out very easy and am pretty sure you will too.Fast shipping, no hassles.Thank you Amazon
I bought this in lieu of the more expensive Lee Oskar rack. I'm not a regular rack player and just wanted something to experiment with. This rack is constructed better than I had really expected. It's easy to adjust. However, I found the fit around my neck and the angle of the harmonica to be a bit awkward. Getting he harmonica unto te spring-loaded holder can be a bit tricky. Still, this is a good deal.
This is an excellent product. I've used one of these before, and don't remember it having lock washers... this does. When you tighten this down, it actually stays tightened.For $10 you cannot go wrong with this. Bear in mind that it's for a standard 10 hole diatonic harmonica, not the 16 hole chromatic style.
In case you're wondering about the difference between this Hohner harmonica holder and the Hohners costing more than twice this one's price, this one is made in China while the others are made in Germany. Now, I'm definitely not one of those who automatically dismiss the quality of Chinese made products. I have, in fact, many musical items of surprisingly good quality made there. This item however has some of the good, AND some of the more stereotypical problems of Chinese goods. Pros: Cheap. Sturdy. And unlike some reviewers, I love the taller height. Far far better for you ergonomically not having to stoop and scrunch your neck and windpipe. I also like the tighter springs, though that does take a little getting used to. But the secure feel of your harp is worth the slight extra effort. Now, the Cons: It's true what others have said: the plastic neck tube smells. Not as bad as some have said, but an annoying chemical smell is definitely noticeable. I cut that off and got a big wide replacement tube at TAP Plastics for a buck (make sure the one you get is wide enough to slide over the bends in the neck loop bar thingee - I got the 1/2" diameter). 2nd and perhaps bigger problem is that the metal is NOT bent evenly. Mine was distinctly taller on one side than the other, and the neck loop was WAY off. I did my best to bend all parts to even, but the flat metal part is tough to shape. The reason I didn't return it is that I figure most of them are equally uneven: I just picture a bunch of poor souls slaving away bending these suckers by hand, with little or no machine help to ensure consistency. With the work I did on it myself, it works fine and is now fairly even, and like I said, the taller height is just about right for me. It's just annoying that some of the most basic expectations aren't met (like holding your harmonica at an even height on both sides). All this said, the bottom line is that I prefer using this OVER my German made Hohner holder because it's better ergonomically (taller), holds my harp more securely, and the traditional dual butterfly nut design just works far better and with less effort than the "nouveau" single butterfly nut design of my more expensive German Hohner. Knowing what I know of its drawbacks, I'm still tempted to pick up another as a back-up or spare. It's a great deal if you're willing to do a little work on it.
This is a good neck rack for gigging...It DOES  take a little tweaking and customizing to get it arranged right around your neck.But that goes for all neck racks really...Once it's fit to you though, It works beautifully! I use mine  daily and it hasn't failed me yet!Also, it will (with a little ingenuity)Hold a Kazoo, slide whistle and or humanaphone, I.E. "nose flute"  (I do a "one man band" act sometimes...)
