so i just got this product, haven't used it!package looks ok,strings are pakced in one plastic bagi can't wait to try this one, i've also bought Martin M1400, ghs silk and steel, will come back with results!
these are wonderful strings for acoustic playing.  They have a great sound for finger picking and even with a pick they still sound good.
The strings on my new Yamaha FG700S were too hard and noisy so I ordered these and what a difference in the feel!  Playing went from painful to pure pleasure!  I did notice that the tone of the low E string was a bit dead, especially in drop D tuning so I put that one Yamaha string back on and got better sounding lows.  For that, I gave four stars instead of five.
These strings are well packaged, and easy to unroll and string on my guitar. I've had them on two guitars for a couple of months and they hold their tone well.
No strings I've tried are like this, it doesn't have a strong character but work together with your guitar. My seagull now sound mellow with brightness! Also this string is perfect for finger picking, I love it!
These D'Addario silk and steel strings are excellent for finger picking.  A couple of notes, though:  (1) on the positive side, they are made in the U.S.A. of American-produced materials (unlike silk and steel strings by a famous American guitar company whose name starts with "M," which are assembled south of the border); (2) on the negative side, they cost more than M-----'s silk and steel strings; (3) in general, silk and steel strings squeak more on position changes than straight steel strings, especially more than flat-wound acoustic strings; (4) the tone is very nice and mellow, sort of a cross between flat-wound steel strings and nylon strings; (5) the D'Addario folk set is very easy on the fingers and therefore are ideal if you play a lot, or if you primarily play a fairly light gauge electric string and only acoustic on occasion; (6) they really work best for finger picking (whatever you do, don't use metal finger picks), and are less effective than steel strings for flat picking.
I like these strings for their warm & mellow tone.  They are easy on the fingers, and I prefer the silver-wound basses.
I have an Alvarez Yari acoustic guitar that I absolutely love. but I have wanted, missed a warmer tone (the body of this guitar is slightly smaller than many and I had always assumed that I would never be able to get the tone I wanted in the low end... as compared to the bass enhancing body of a typical dreadknot style of guitar, for example...).Then a friend recommended I try these strings, and, to my mind, my guitar has seen nothing short of a transformation!Here is the gorgeous tone I had missed!I am now on my second set of strings, and I am hooked.One thing: I have heard that these strings aren't as durable as other strings.However, this hasn't bothered me, as tend to finger-pick and soft strum, and so, this possibility hasn't become an issue for me.And while I would make no claim that everyone would have the great experience I did, I would wholeheartedly recommend trying these strings to anyone looking for a variation in tone.The fact that it is easier on the fingers is another reason to give these a try! Thumbs up!
