Smart design, excellent performance.  What more could you want?  The Samson Meteor Mic USB Studio Microphone is a cardioid mic that is easy to set up and use, with great pick up for desktop podcasts, user testing, screencasting and similar.Being a relatively new user to anything but a basic desk mic, I had to look up what 'cardioid' meant.  I found a solid explanation at a site called WiseGeek.  They explain 'cardioid':  "Several different microphones have been designed throughout the years to accomplish very different tasks. Some -- such as condenser microphones -- pick up a great deal of sound from several directions, while others pick up one focused sound only from one direction. Of this latter group, the cardioid microphone is perhaps the most popular, as it picks up almost exclusively the desired sound while ambient noise is hardly noticeable. It gets its name because of its pattern of sensitivity, which is roughly shaped like a heart when drawn out on an axis. This means that most of the sound it picks up comes from the front of the microphone, while minimal noise is picked up from the rear and only marginal noise is picked up from the sides."  (My apologies to those pros out there who didn't need this clarification.)Having used the Samson Go Mic USB Compact Mic for a few months, I was familiar with the Samson brand prior to receiving this mic through the Amazon Vine program.  I had actually wanted to purchase it instead of the Go Mic, but the price difference of about thirty was a bit too much for me at the time.I've been happy with theSamson Go Mic Compact USB Microphone - Plug n' Playfor use with my desktop and laptop PCs.  I do a lot of usability testing for various websites, and it's imperative that clients are able to clearly hear my explanations via voice without background noise, pops, hisses or similar.  I have to say that the Samson Meteor is a touch better, offering clear, crisp recording and reproduction.  It also seems to pick up virtually no background noise, which is fabulous!I like the retro styling of the Meteor, and the built-in stand is great for desktops.  Less portable than the Samson Go Mic, the stand does fold neatly onto the mic for easy transport in the included soft pouch.  The included USB cable is also of ample length for easy set-up in a multitude of situations.The mute button on the front of the Meteor is very handy.  Much easier than using software to get the job done, and an amber light makes it easy to recognize it's muted.The build quality of the mic is excellent! Very solid, high-end feel.  You can use the integrated headset port to monitor your voice and adjust levels with a dial that rotates around the mute button on the front.The Samson Meteor didn't ship with any software, which while unnecessary for installation (my Windows 7 and 8 PCs automatically installed it when hooked up via the included USB), but would have been nice to have some music mixing or other similar software bundled with it.Another product I'm reviewing the:Samson C01UCW Studio USB Mic with Cakewalk Sonar LEand the Samson Go Mic both ship with Cakewalk software. The Samson Go Mic with Cakewalk Music Creator LE, and the C01UCW ships with Cakewalk's SONAR LE software, so I found it kind of surprising the Meteor did not at this price point.  For me it works out, as the others have the software and they work with the Meteor.The included booklet includes a Quick Start guide for PC and Mac, Installation how-to, the Layout (diagrams), Specifications, Polar Patten & Frequency response, and Recording Techniques for vocals, acoustic guitar, piano, guitar amp, and overhead drum kit.  The Samson Meteor Mic Warranty Card is also in the booklet.Overall, I'm very pleased with this microphone and will be using it instead of the Go Mic on my desktop for daily work which will include using Dragon voice recognition software.  I have purchased an adapter to use it with my iPad so I can play with Garage Band, and know it will be great for future screencasts.My only disappointment is in the lack of an included software package, which other Samson products (as mentioned) have packaged with them. I give this product 4 out of 5 stars ("I Like It") for this reason.  If Samson included software - it'd be a 5 star product for me.
The product photos make this look like a small, plastic item with cheesy chrome plating. Nope! It's a very solid, fairly large item made of heavy cast metal. You could drive nails with this thing--no exaggeration.The folding legs are clever and provide good support for desktop use, but they have some drawbacks. Yes, the Meteor has standard mic stand threads in its base, so you can put it on a mike stand or boom. But if you want to mount this mic in a shock-absorbing rig (I'm using a scissor-arm suspension boom with shock mount), you'll find the body is too short for the shock mount's sleeve to grip, and the three legs get in the way. I had to make a special adapter from 1 5/8&#34; plastic pipe and assorted hardware.The Meteor's sound is great as far as I'm concerned, but I'm not a professional audio engineer, so I'm not going to try to tell you that this is the equal of a $1,200 Sennheiser studio microphone. It is better than Samson's inexpensive GoMic, which I also have. I certainly have no complaints. I've used it to record voice and ukulele playing, and it's done a bang-up job with both.
SUPER usb mic!  I use this when I broadcast from streetjelly.com. I set it a few feet away from my amp and this mic picks up the sound and send a super clean and clear signal. JUST make sure you have ALL your mic levels set to NOT CLIP and you will get nothing but super clear sounds from this mic.
Perhaps more than anything else, it was the introduction and subsequent success of the Zoom H2 personal digital recorder that led to an explosion of interest among home audiophiles, who suddenly found themselves equipped to make quasi-professional-level recordings with their computers plus a minimum of user-friendly equipment at reasonable prices.  The price of the Samson Meteor USB mic, a fairly recent entry, has come down to the point of being fairly valued (initially, I was seeing it going for prices above the better-sounding Blue Yeti mic).  It's an attractive (some would say "cute") little mic with its quaint "retro" design and deceptively fold-up, portable size.  I say "deceptive" because, due to the non-adjustable mic stand, it can be more than a little challenging to find space for it on a desktop, next to a computer, and squarely in front of the narrator's mouth.Bearing in mind the above reservation along with the actual quality of the recorded sound (it's good, but nowhere close to studio-quality), it would seem to make the most sense for those seeking "high fidelity" audio to spend the extra 20% for a Blue Yeti or an Audio Technica AT2020 USB (as tempting as the lower price of the non-USB version of the AT2020 is, be sure to try it out with a pre-amp supplying phantom power before going that route.  I've known a couple of individuals who ordered the AT2020 condenser mic, only to discover that it was useless with a computer, even with the addition of a Snake Light cable).If your primary considerations are convenience and portability, the Samson Go mic sounds almost as good as the Meteor and is unmatched in size, convenience and portability.  (It scored higher than the Blue Mikey and Blue Snowflake in my auditions.)  I'm tempted to say it's the perfect laptop mic, clipping to the top cover more securely than the Snowflake, whereas the Yeti is ideal for desktop use, producing rich-sounding recordings rivaling those of a professional studio's Shure SM7B mics.
I like everything about this mike, except one: No gain adjustment on the mike. You have to do it from the software. That was a big disappointment, because I had imagined that the knob on the mike was a gain adjustment.Of course, if you are just recording talk for podcasts, you probably won't care. But if you are recording instruments (particularly loud instruments), you might really want to have gain control as software gain adjustment is not convenient and is actually absent from quite a few recording apps.
Just got this today and I'm experiencing serious install issues. Please note that I'm not a newbie to this stuff. I'm an IT guy. I have a new Acer computer that's less than 3 months old with a new install of Windows 7. The mic is recognized, but not as a sound input device, just as an "Other USB Device". I tried installing it on another laptop and it installed quickly and easily, so it's not that the mic itself doesn't work.My purpose in posting this is to let people considering this mic know that you can't just assume that the install is a no-brain'r (at least not on a PC). The Samson tech support was friendly enough, but not very helpful. They had no idea what to do next or any suggestions for further support. The support guy said, "well, that's really all there is to it", which I can understand...but I still have a $70 mic that won't work with my computer. I tried contacting Microsoft tech support and they tried to help me too, but we could never get the mic to be seen as an input device. We tried it a number of ways and nothing worked.I ordered this for use with my iPad as well, and I ordered the "camera kit" to do so. Despite what I'd seen in the reviews and videos online, the mic I received would work not with that either. The Mic needs to be powered by the iPad and it seemed mine was not getting enough power from the iPad because the little indicator light was still Amber when plugged in (indicating it's not getting enough power) instead of Blue.I tried this on my wife's iPad and my daughter's too so it would not appear to be the iPad that is the problem (though it could be the camera connector, I suppose.)So...I ended up returning the whole shooting match. Disappointing too...I really like the design of the mic and so many people say that it sounds so good.
