While I wish the bases came in different colors, I really like these hangars. They look good, and perform well. I hang Strats on them and have not experienced any problems (think I saw a video on Youtube that said Strat headstocks could slip).Easy to install, and hanging and releasing is a no-brainer. Have three of these Hercules hangers.
Used these for years on son's electric guitars. No fuss. Mechanics do not seems to wear out, still gripping. No way at all to knock the guitar off the wall. No neck damage to axes. Mounts well, but try to find a stud, certainly. Keeps the guitar far enough away from wall that brushing against it does not hit the body to the wall.No complaints. If you're going to drill your wall, is it really worth it to buy a simple fork style wall hanger with no means to keep your guitar on it if it gets bumped when for a few bucks more you can get the undisputed champion of guitar wall hangers. All 5 star reviews on this baby. And I agree, and I add to that total.  5 stars
Just to confirm several other reviews - these hangers are really nice. They add a nice look to your room and they perform a much-needed function very well. As other have said, though, the drywall mounts are pretty much useless and I DON'T recommend you trust your guitars to them if installed in drywall!Even my lightest guitar was pulling the block away from the wall, so there's no way I'd trust any of my "proper" guitars to these things! I bought some heavy-duty anchors from the local DIY store (you can get them from Amazon tooTOGGLER SNAPTOGGLE BA Toggle Bolt with Bolts, USA Made, For 3/16"-24 Fastener Size (Pack of 10)) and enlarged the hole in the block slightly to accommodate the thicker screw. Much better! I have a few of these, holding up a Les Paul type, a Strat, a Godin and a G&L; tele and they've been holding up (pun intended!) fine for a few weeks now.
Very solid and I feel comfortable hanging my Taylor 414CE in this. Easy to remove the guitar and easy to put the guitar back in and always feels secure. Great item.
I love these hanging Hercules Guitar Hangers!  The work wonderfully.  When you place your guitar into the hanger, little supports turn in to each other creating a safe secure hanger.  Works great in studs, drywall, and stucco (with the correct hardware of course).
Since this is the third hanger I have purchased it goes without saying that I really like it. My only criticism is that it ships with mounting hardware that is for a &#34;brick&#34; wall. I am fairly sure that 90%+ of those of us that use these hangers mount them on a plasterboard wall. How about shipping it with a suitable wall anchor for drywall? Otherwise, a great hanger that I trust for use with my expensive guitars.I'm just running out of wall space and money for new guitars.
This is a great guitar hanger that was recommended to me by several people. Great for people with babies/toddlers looking to get their guitars off the ground like myself.I love the unique self-locking mechanism that it has. The weight of the guitar lowers the hanger and moves the lock levers up so your guitar neck is securely fastened. I have an electric and an acoustic hanging up. The acousitc's body is about 4.5" thick and has plenty of clearance from the wall when hung. The electric I think weights around 8 pounds and it held no problem by the Hercules hook. I believe the max weight it can hold is about 15lbs.I only installed into studs and wouldn't really want to try a drywall-only installation. The product does come with drywall anchors but many of the reviewers said the included drywall anchors are cheap and not that good. The wood screws that came with the product I found to be a little short (if you were installing on dry-wall in front of a stud). Others found this to be true too. I bought #8 Wood Screws in 2.5" length at the hardware store and these worked perfectly for my install. The included screws I  think are about 2" in length or a little less.
I was first exposed to the Hercules locking mechanism when our Praise Band leader brought in his Hercules two-guitar stand and I tried it with both my full-size 12-string guitar and my 5-string banjo. I was impressed. When I decided to buy some guitar hangers to reorganize my music room/amateur studio, I was excited to find that the same Hercules mechanism was available in a couple wall-hanger models. I put them on my wish list, where my son & daughter-in-law found them and bought three for me for Christmas this last weekend. I just finished putting them up and I'm completely satisfied with their solid construction. They give me confidence that they will hold my instruments reliably. I used the provided screws, which worked great for mounting them on the plank walls. I probably wouldn't trust the hollow wall anchors provided for drywall, but instead get something more substantial to mount it (like a toggle anchor).What I'm happiest about is that these hangers can be used with a variety of stringed instruments. The opening is wide enough to accommodate my classical guitar and 12-string guitars but not so wide as to not support my 5-string banjo. (I've submitted a photo showing them holding up a classical & 12-string guitars, and 5-string banjo). My friend plays Gretch semi-hollow body and Fender solid-body (and other) electric guitars with his Hercules 2-guitar stand, so I assume they would also work with the wall hangers.I am happy to recommend this handy little device to anyone who wants to get their favorite instrument up out of the way but still keep it handy.
fits just fine,I have two electric guitars and one bass, nothing can take it down ,you will see it recommended !
Very nice design. It can holds all the my guitars with no issues.  The lock system is amazing and keeps my guitars well secured.
This clip does the same thing that the Hercules guitar stands do: Lock your guitar in place so you don't have to worry about it dropping or falling off the hanger. The auto-close function on the hanger is the best part of this hanger. Simply lift your guitar and it lets go everytime.
I purchase this Hercules GSP38WB A/G guitar hanger for my Yamaha 700. Is just perfect for what is made for. 100% satisfaction.
I have purchased six of these over the last couple years. Why? Because they work. They mount securely into the drywall and lock the guitar into place. I don't think I'd ever buy any other device to hang a guitar on my wall. They feel rock-solid too.I highly recommend and will be buying more in the future.I gave it 4/5 stars because I haven't used any other devices like these before - maybe there is something better, but I haven't seen it yet.~Slick
