Bought this for a mic that my daughter received and fit well. Product is as described and fits mic perfect. Will buy more in future.
Good cheap mic cover, fits ES-57 ok, could be a bit tighter I suppose. Anyway it only needs to keep goobies from getting in my mic!
not much to say about foam.  They do the job well.  You can't go wrong.  I would recomend these to anyone and they are cheap.
nice cover for my behringer xm8500. it is fitted snugly and well made. the color is nice and bright. i wanted to have other colors but this is only available in red and black also.
Hm. I received this. I opened this. I've used it. I also use it. This product seems to be a pretty good product.
Nice to keep your mic nice and fresh. Plus it protects the head and gets rid of most of the noise while taking a breath. Decent value!
I do not have much to say about this. It does what it was designed to do and it looks fine.I found myself actually trying to see if it will rip, for the purposes of this review. Just so I could make some sort of comment about it... You can rip it if you try, but it's not likely to happen during everyday use.It's fairly thick. If that isn't what you want then I would look elsewhere. This should be fine for nearly everyone who doesn't have a very specific reason for a different sort of windscreen.
These fit snug on my Shure SM58 Beta A mics. Nice texture and it doesn't affect the sound of my mics.I recommend em!
It works well, hasn't broken down (despite much abuse), and can easily be cleaned. Now if only all windscreen's were this sturdy, I'd be a happy customer.
At first I thought this would be a gimmick, but it was cheap so I figured what the hell. Once I had it, however, I realized how invaluable it was. When performing live, I always had to make sure to stand the exact same distance away from the mic of the volume would change based on my distance from the mic. Once I got this little guy though, I just sing right into it and even press my mouth up against it at times. Volume remains constant, white noise is gone and the sound is crystal clear. It also protected my mic in a fall once too. Can find anything better for this cheap.
Came in time, worth the price and fits perfect on to my mic. As an advice to every one using a mic whether it is a regular or condenser mic, always use this protection on the mic to avoid the body fluids getting inside grill and on to diaphragm. This is worth the investment for your expensive mic.
Fits the Behringer XM8500 perfectly. It actually dampens the sound giving better a more smoother sound and reducing harsh parts of vocals.
I bought this to go with my Shure SM58S.  It fits the mic well.  No odor.  Effective at suppressing pops.
I bought this to keep the saliva on the mic to a minimum.  Should work just fine.  I also bought the green one.
I have been using these simple windscreens for years and they always perform great .. escpecially for the money .. I would recommend this to anyone.
Blocks noise perfectly, priced better than the local store. fit very well my mic. Awesome! Great for an amateur, just like me
Hi guys. Really simple little review here. This is a windscreen. It does windscreen things.Pros1. It works2. It fits my microphoneCons1. The package game a little smushed so it's a little misshapen.It's $2, it works. If it's not the highest quality stop complaining. It's $2, what did you expect, kevlar?
Just slipped this windscreen on my mic (a wireless brand) and it barely fit perfectly. Any smaller and it would be going in the trash.The foam is obviously of good quality and it's plenty thick. I'm using it mainly to protect the mic's metal screen, but also to keep others' germs off the mic (seeing as how they tend to put their mouths on it!).
Works well as a pop wind screen for our field operations. When the Z108 Party patrol is out and about the never leave without it.
This is a black sponge for smaller mics.  I got mine for use with some Behringer mics.  At first, I didn't think they would fit, but it just took a bit of stretching.  They fit really snug, which is excellent because they won't fall off or slide around on the mic causing noise.  They do what they're supposed to do.
Okay,  Color coding is a GREAT idea.Divas will not use the red ball windscreen.Why?Because, from a distance it looks like they have a clown nose.No kidding!  I have had several tell this to me and my sound tech.  So save your dough, buy any color but RED.Diva's!!!!  What can I say?
This does a great job blocking out the wind on a microphone and other unwanted noise. I can literally blow into the microphone and you won't get any &#34;pop&#34; in the microphone, only sound waves.
....to have when used outside where there is a lot of wind noise.  I sometimes play in a park or outside around the BBQ.  A must have.
the foam ball prevents wind pop and it also doesn't get smelly like some other foam would be. i would highly recommend it.
What can you say about a Foam Ball type mic windscreen?  Well it fits the RODE M1 Mic I was using nice and tight. Quality is good, didn't tear apart when you put it on the mic and the recorded sound is just fine.
Alot of Zoom H1 users put this over their mics.  The fit is nearly perfect.  For that application this is THE windscreen to get.  Works great.
I definately helps cut down &#34;wind whistle&#34; on my mic. can't say anything great about the product but I cant say anything bad. It does what it is suppose to
Works just as it should, love it and a great price to boot
If you have several different people on the same mic you should buy a stock of these. They are well made and do work. I would buy them again.
I used these on a Behringer XM8500'sIt fits tight and does not obstruct the tone greatly.I have not tested its wind screen capabilities.I use it to protect my microphones from singer&#8217;s saliva :-)Works great and does not fall off.
Bought this cover to go with Behringer mic.  It does what it's designed to do.  It was a little hard getting it onto the head of the mic, but at least that way I know it's not going to be falling off during a performance or a recording session.  Economical way to keep spit out of mic
its a windscreen, this is the first one i have bought but it seems to work how it is supposed to. it could be less dense i think. idk
I use this for my rockband microphones but be careful , if you have cats the hair will get stuck in it. Other than that it really works well in taking away some of the echo from loud speakers while playing rockband.
