A must have for the Yamaha PA130. You can plug ti in instead of using 100 batteries. That keeps the weight down tremendously and as long as yo have a plug youa re good to go.
Good  power supply for the cheaper Yamaha keyboards. I have never understood why Yamaha keyboards don't come with a power supply? So, I found a suitable power supply for the instrument and works fine. No problems.Don't buy the one from the store, this is cheaper. Be patient and get this one.
If you buy the keyboard you're going to need the power adaptor. Sucks that Yamaha runs this scam of not supplying the power cord and making you buy it separate but I suppose the nickle and dimes really add up for them. Power cord fine. Yamaha shady.
I bought this to replace another adapter that came with the Yamaha keyboard I bought at Costco long time ago.The original adapter was bulky and heavy and that's what caused the wires inside to break.Tried to stripped the rubber coating and soldered the wires together, but after short use, the heavy head of the adapter still ripped the wires apart.When it is big and heavy, when you unplug it, sometimes the kids hold the cable instead of the adapter.But the cable can not support the weight thus making it rip.This new design is actually a bit more powerful but only a fraction of the weight and size.It works beautifully the moment I plugged it in.BTW, I am using this NOT on the CP series.  It actually works for the cheaper keyboards too.My CP33 has this identical adapter which I tested on the other cheap keyboard before I bought it.It's great.And shipping was fast.
This AC adapter, in my opinion, should not even qualify to be reviewed since we all know it should be included with the product it is powering. That being said, it functions as it was intended to, which is to power a Yamaha PSRE333 61-key portable keyboard. It fits perfectly and stays put, all while transmitting electrical current from my home's 110v outlet into the aforementioned Yamaha keyboard. Thanks for reading.SPO
The Yamaha keyboards that take batteries don't come with an AC power adapter. No problem. I got this the week after Christmas and it works like it came with the keyboard.
