Eh. I wish I had more of a passion to play it, but....ehh. It's not bad if you want a uke, but it's pretty small. I don't know what I was expecting. I don't know shit about ukuleles but I do know get a bigger one if you're not comfortable with small frets. If you wanna be that one fat Hawaiian guy, Israel Kamakawiwo'ole, go for it. but I think he played a little bigger uke than this, lmao.
I'm a seasoned player of almost 10 years. I have owed a 300 dollar martin soprano uke which I had to sell in a time of need for rent money. I've been sad ever since. I'm in a tight spot now and just wanted something to play. I just got this uke today. Now aesthetically this uke isn't as pleasing as say a martin sorpano...but..... it sounds amazing for the price. nice bright sounds perfectly intonated too! I have owed a lot of cheaper ukes in the past too and they all sucked bad with horrible intonation. This ukes sound is at least as good as a 50-100 dollar uke! seriously impressed. I see they make a mahogany version i think du200? which is basically this but with mahogany which has a little bit of a brighter more bassy full tone. I may get one in the future its only 40-50 bucks on here amazing! anyway this uke is 29 bucks you get a uke made of nice solid maple wood over all a nice full tone which gets good volume well intonated too!I see some people complaining about the strings....and how it goes out of tune fast.when i got my martin soprano which wasn't cheap it did the same thing. best thingis to stretch out your strings nylon strings take a while to stretch out and set beforethey hold a tune for a long time.Anyway this diamond head DU-150 soprano is probably the best affordableukulele i have ever played. Its perfect for even us seasoned players who happento be broke poor artists! excellent!!!!!!!!!!! would recommend this brand to anyone!
This is a good budget uke. I'm not a ukulele expert; to me they all sound a little toyish. This one has better tone and projection than some of the ones I've played in stores. I haven't tested it with scientific instruments or anything, but I have a good ear (former professional tuba player, current music teacher, enthusiastic amateur guitarist) and the chords sound nice and in tune to me. The tuners are cheap, but they are geared, which is nice, and it stays in tune decently. It's not the Stradivarius of ukuleles; the finish is pretty bland, and the sound is not exactly a revolution.  I have used it to teach a class for teachers on using music in their classrooms, and it performed well. My experience with offshore budget instruments leads me to believe that quality control may be spotty, but I only have the one, and it is good. It is neck heavy, but they all are in my experience, and it seems pretty sturdy, although I've been very gentle with it.
I recently ordered 5 different ukulele models while researching products for my senior adult choir at church as I wanted to give them a few options.Okina UK100 Soprano Ukulele with Rosewood Fingerboard - NaturalDiamond Head DU-150 Ukulele, NaturalMahalo U-30OR Painted Economy Soprano Ukulele (Orange)Lanikai LU-11 Soprano UkuleleKala KA-15S Mahogany Soprano UkuleleThe Okina, Diamond Head and Mahalo were all under $30 at the time and within $2 price of each other.  Of the three, I thought that the Mahalo was the best offering both visually and in terms of tone quality.  The Okina had a poor sound quality even compared to my own 20- and 40-year-old ukuleles (which had the original strings).  A string upgrade to Aquila strings helped significantly, but even then, the Okina still had a far worse sound quality at this price level.The Diamond Head and Mahalo both sounded better even with the stock strings, and each includes a nice (for this price) little gig bag.  The Mahalo has the most "island" look to my eyes and the best sound.  Much of the sound can probably be attributed to the strings which are more substantial than the Diamond Head's.  That being said, it still makes financial and practical sense to get the Mahalo since it's so near the same price (compared to the  Diamond Head) and has heavier strings already installed.  I've also reviewed the Lanikai and Kala on their own pages.On an almost irrelevant note, the Diamond Head was the only instrument of the 5 to arrive in something close to actual tuned-up string tension.  It takes several days for these nylon strings to stretch and settle in, but I didn't have to retune the Diamond Head so much because it was already virtually in tune.  This would not be my primary concern with purchasing an instrument for myself but may be a significant headache-saver for a non-musician parent purchasing a ukulele for a young child.
I got 2 of these for grandkids.  They are all right.  I felt as if the uke was well worth the low price.  Like any uke, strings take a long time to set --- sometimes feels as if they never will.  probably would be improved with a set of Aguilas.  Buy a clipon tuner, too.  Snarf makes a great one that has both the vibration-sensing mode and a microphone, can be set for various instruments or chromatic, AND has a metronome function --- and they are so inexpensive!
Awesome instrument. It stays in tune and is fun to play. The best $29 that I've spent in a long time. After a week, I'm already playing songs and I'm not a string player. Don't purchase this without buying a tuner. I bought the Snark SN-6 Uku tuner. It's awesome too.
