The Pyle "Battery Powered PA System With Wireless Microphone" is surprisingly well made and has features I would have expected on much more expensive equipment. We run workshops, often at our customer's locations, and needed a portable PA system that could easily be transported and doesn't require a lot of power. Here are my observations:+ Long Battery Life - Worked for over 4 hours straight, but can be connected to AC to work as well+ Wireless Microphone - Built into the system, has good range, and acceptable sound. Battery included.+ Inputs for 2 Microphones, 1 Guitar, and 1 Audio Connection - Each with it's own volume control+ Portable - Built in retractable handles and wheels makes moving this around very easy+ Includes a mini-Plug to 1/4" Converter - A handy accessory+ Includes Echo Effect - A fun adjustable effect to liven up your voice (my kids loved playing with this :-)Note: My unit shipped with one of the fuses in a bag and it needed to be installed before the system would work.This unit worked much better than expected and is a great value for the performance of this small sized unit!Highly Recommended!
It works and is very versatile and puts out great sound and power.  the portable feature is great also. Just what i wanted
It's really not a 200w system.  The booklet even says it is only 100 watts, and I doubt it is really even that powerful.  The wireless microphone only works when you put your mouth about an inch from it.  My Shure XLR wired microphones do not work with it even with an adapter plug.  The instrument input works OK with my Taylor guitar, but it's not 100 watts loud.  I guess it's OK as a portable guitar amp in a small venue without any vocals.
.I'm a guitar player and singer who works with a band and as a solo and as a duo with a bass player. I found one of these used for half the retail price. It had no microphone but I already have mics and I don't like wireless anyway and don't need one. Besides, who could pass up the bargain as long as the unit works.Well, it was great. I brought a small Behringer guitar amp in case I had to choose between guitar and vocals in terms of sound quality since the unit has onle one set of tone controls. BIG surprise; my Martin GPA sounded great through the PWMA-230 and so did my vocals. I didn't need anything else for a duo gig in a large and semi-loud bar. Volume was strong, the sound was clear and full and the guitar and voice sounded as natural as could be. It's light as a feather (I have troubles with my knees and use a cane and it was no problem) and it sounds great. And since I play there once a week I left it at the gig and do not worry about theft or breakage since the unit is so inexpensive and replaceable even at the marketplace price. I might give it 4 1/2 stars but I can't figure out how to get half-stars. This is a godsend to one and two person acts who already have enough to carry. With my ZT Club amp for my Telecaster for band gigs and the PWMA-230 for acoustic gigs I have more room, less to carry and less to worry about.Update Oct. 25th:I think others have mentioned problems with Pyle-Pro Audio's customer service. I must say that my experience with them has been unsatisfactory too. I wrote to them praising their product and asked if for specs on the power cord and whether they sold an extra in case I lost the one that came with the unit and if they also sold a cover for it. I wrote a least three times and got no response so far. The website was no help and calling them directly was worse; got the wrong dept., was transferred to a dept. which never picked up the phone. I still love the PWMA230 but I am no fan of its manufacturer.Update Oct. 28To be fair, someone did finally contact me today. My questions were unanswered and I don't think my e-mail was read very carefully but at least they did respond. I'll update as to the answers and information provided.
This system works just okay.  Try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.My microphone stopped working shortly after I purchased this item.  I contacted Pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.They couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where I could even buy a replacement.Very frustrating!
