THis is a 5 star stand, considering the price. Sure, it's not as sturdy as one costing a lot more, but it does what it's supposed to do without any problems.  I don't forsee any mechanical issues because the construction seems solid enough.  It's a music stand, so I don't see how it would take a lot of abuse.
I bought two of these, one for each of my sons (12 and 14). I wanted something sturdy that would stand the test of time and of boys that age. So far they seem awesome. They adjust easily, were easy to assemble and have a great weight to them. Definitely not a flimsy stand.
Attaching hardware is a bit cheap but over all it is better than I expected.Bag was ripped so I almost lost the screw and washer.This will work fine for me I think.
I'd been shopping for a music stand at local music stores, all of them at the cheapest price for this type with a solid backside are $45 plus tax. This item including shipping cost me only about $23 here from Amazon, and the seller Musician's Friend sent it promptly, got it within 10 business days without any problems. I had no trouble putting the stand together without any instructions. The bolts aren't as easy to adjust compared perhaps to a more expensive stand, but I don't care about that. It's not hard to adjust, and most of the time I have it at a certain height, so no need to fiddle with it, but during a group performance, it did need to be adjusted for different people and that was ok but could be smoother. If you're someone who needs to fiddle with the stand height constantly you might want to get a higher priced one that makes that easier, but if you are only occasionally going to adjust the height, it's no big deal. Other than that, it is a solid and handy stand that meets expectations and does what it should, for 1/2 price off retail. Excellent. I'm completely satisfied with this.
A great item for the price. Comes in two pieces and is easy to assemble. You only need to put in the two screws that attach the head to the stand. Each screw has a wing nut that you tighten by hand. It took me about 3 minutes to put together with no directions. It looks to be very solid and goes much higher than many other stands. Its also pretty lightweight and as I said the head comes off with two screws if you want to break it down for traveling. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
I bought this for my granddaughter to use at home for her flute practice.  Very sturdy and well made stand and adjusts very easily even for a 12 year old.  Should last her a very long time.
The stand seems sturdy, the base is like a tripod base of a mic stand, so it may hold up better in the long run than my other stands that have the "clamping" type of base. The top of the stand is shorter than my others, not really a problem but worth mentioning. The only gripe I could have with the stand is that the top takes two screws and two wingnuts, so it is not practical to use for gigging / setting up / tearing down. I will leave this one in my studio and use the others for shows. For the price, very sturdy and seems to be nice quality.
This is definitely a sturdy and well made stand - I have no fault with it about that. Solid materials, everything snaps and latches tightly. Good materials. Works just like it's supposed to.I have two complaints about it, though.1. The part that holds the music isn't as wide as other stands. I probably could have read the description and realized that, but I made the assumption that all stands are the same size. It's just wide enough to hold two regular sized pieces of paper. It will hold bigger things, of course, but the edges will go past the edge of the stand. So it works, but to me, it looks unprofessional to have the stuff leaking over the edges. The ledge is nice and wide, though, so it can hold some pretty thick stuff. But if you are using quite wide materials, especially if they are loose-leaf, you will want to look for a wider stand.2. Adjusting the height and tilt is difficult. To alter the height, one has to twist and untwist the tightening ring (like one finds on microphone stands). It doesn't just pull up or push down like the majority of music stands I've encountered in life. Adjusting the tilt requires untightening and tightening a wing nut on the back, which is a bit difficult to reach. Unlike every other music stand I've used that one can simply force into position. The good news of this is, though, that because everything is held in place with wingnuts or that tightening ring, everything stays right where one puts it. No slow sliding down in height, no slow tilting backwards.On the plus side, they are sturdy, and the feet can be retracted (is that the word?) so that they are parallel to the stand, making moving them around or stacking them up quite easy. I love the fact that the feet do this.These are excellent music stands.
Sturdy, portable, and the little extra weight is worth the investment if you ever want to put a music book (rather than single sheet music) on your stand.  Those flimsy, backless music stands are worthless IMO, especially on a breezy evening.  My bandmates are upgrading to this stand as well and we primarily play indoors!  I guess at least one of us is a bit of a windbag.
The music stand is similar to the stands used in schools.  This stand is durable, firm and easy to assemble.
This does exactly what a music stand is supposed to do, this thing is awesome!!! I love it... Thanks forsuch a great affordable product
Needed a music stand of a certain width to fit in my gig bag.  This one fit perfectly.  It's adjustable and allows me to fit a clamp-on microphone boom arm.  Saves space at cramped gig sites.  Don't lose the wing nut, though.  It tends to fall off (since you must completely remove it to break the stand down for transport.  Not worth lowering to 4 stars, though.
heavy duty, pretty sturdy, finish is not the best in the world but it certainly does the job it was intended for, holds secure and adjusts easily
Steady and stable with the lip to hold material without slipping off when turning pages and deep enough to set my metronome on it too. Easily adjustable, good finish, solid, much more stable than the folding ones. Just what I need.
This is an all metal (exc. for the adjusting screw) stand, full-sizedfor 20 bucks.  Exceptional value!!  What more's to say?
These stands are great for my lesson business.  I bought a couple of them and they are just the right height and weight.
Yea how could a music stand be amazing?  Well compared to those worthless folding portable pieces of junk- this is a godsent.  It actually hold by 500 song fake book (you know the one- that weighs about 10 pounds!). It stays where you set it and works wonderfully.  NO complaints!
