I originally purchased these strings because of the 11-52 gauges. I wanted a set of strings that would have slightly lighter tension than a regular set of light gauge which is usually somewhere around 12-54. Upon installing these strings, I can't really see much difference in size from the regular light gauge, but maybe it's too small to notice with the naked eye. I'm not entirely sure that these strings were louder or a marked improvement over the old DAddario strings that they replaced. They might be a little brighter or have more clarity due to being new. The guitar that I'm using them on, is a small body with a nice mellow sound anyway, so everything sounds nice and smooth. Overall, I'm satisfied with the sound and performance of the new strings, but I don't think I'm ready to give up DAddarios yet.
Arrive on time and as described.  I have yet to install but do not expect any surprises as have used these strings in the past.  I have read many of reviews on guitar strings as well as talked to many different guitarist.  Pretty well  all have their favorite set of strings.  What is interesting is they do not all agree on a specific type and/or brand.  So I reckon each has to find their own.  So far these strings have worked for me but am still experimenting to find &#34;the ones to love&#34;!
Ernie Ball is really on to something with the Slinky series, offering a nice range of weights. I swear by the Slinky, after being conned into a a set of Mexican-Made Martins.
I use these strings on some of my acoustic guitars. good brand and good tone. 5 stars for this one.
SLAP THESE PUPPIES ON YOUR TEN DOLLAR SQUIER AND YOU'VE GOT YOURSELF A $2000 GUITAR.I'd describe the sound as a bit &#34;metallic'ish&#34;, definitely a sharper tone.
Heard good things about the Ernie Ball Slinky string set and decided to give it try on our son's Taylor GS Mini.  Replaced the worn out strings out of that guitar and he is back in business.  Honestly though, it is hard to really compare strings, these seem fine and currently I see no reason to try another brand.  In conclusion, I see no reason not to buy and install these again.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
