It is a great option, if not simply the best. Monster knows it all in quality. Gob bless monster everyway
These cables are sturdy and sound clean. Using cheaply made cables could affect your sound - you can loose top end. I use Monster on all my mics (XLR) and all my instrument cables (1/4) with no issues. Great product... Highly recommended.
Quality is there in construction and signal passing.  We never have problems with our Monster gold cables.  Conversely, we have other cables crap out on us periodically.
These cables give you a pure sound unhindered and uncut. I have several other "good" cables but when compared to this they cut highs and even the level. I have grown as a musician to the point that I Know it's worth it to pay a little more for these quality cables. Yes you can get many cables way cheaper (and I'm all for getting things at a good price - publishers clearing house has Not visited me yet!) but this is a case of you get what you pay for!
For me thia is the best cables ever.. i mean they give the original and natural tone of ur instrument, doesnt lose signal strenth and a very important thing, they do help to avoid most noise.. :)
Hands down the best cables for electric guitar. Ive tried other brands that cost almost, if not similar to these and none can match in the quality that prolink presents. These are not only the best in delivering tone but they're durable. I bought mine back in 2004 and they're still working as well as the day I got them today on September of 2012. I bought some planetwaves cables for $40 that didn't even last me 2 years.
I would def recommend this to anyone but for electric only. If you are going to be playing acoustic I would get their specific acoustic cable. This is a very heavy guage. Sounds great!
My review is on par with all the others concerning the quality of the cable compared to cheaper ones. I bought this locally and have been happy using it with a few bass guitars. The cable is solid and definately seems to hold up after a few weeks of heavy usage.One complaint I have is that the right angle does not lock into the jack on my Spector bass securely, but works with the others flawlessly. I use it with a jazz bass all the time and there are no issues.I also use Spectraflex fatso flex cables and Mogami and think that this one is worth it's price. To me, the warranty is worth it because of the price. I reead all over the web about the opinions of monster's patents and marketing techniques written by musicians and can see their points about the price and build quality, but there are more expensive cables out there made by Mogami and countless others which are not any better than this one in my opinion.
This is definitely a high quality cable. However, my experience with this model and the less expensiveMonster Standard 100 Instrument Cable 21 ft. - straight 1/4 plugs S100-I-21model has shown me that the only difference is one is "prettier" with its gold colored, bling fittings. Sonically I found them to be the same - or to my ears anyway.As you can see by the tag above this review Amazon has verified that I purchased this cable (as well as Amazon verifying my purchase of the less pricey model on my review on that product page.)I initially purchased a pair of these cables for my keyboards because I had invested a significant sum into those instruments and wanted nothing but the best cables. I purchased the standard cables for some low end instruments including an old Squier Jazz Bass and a new, but very inexpensiveEpiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar, Vintage Sunburst, neither of which to my mind warranted top of the line cables.Much to my surprise, when I started testing each cable on each instrument (all through the same amp to keep things equal), I could not discern any sonic difference between both Monster cable models. Same manufacturer, but different models. To be sure, this more expensive model looked "cooler", but when it came to sound - no discernible difference (that I could detect anyway.)  More perplexing is the molded stress relief ends on the less expensive model seem to make that one more reliable!My recommendation is test both this one and the standard model side-by-side before plunking down extra money for no added value beyond looks (which, I have to admit, may be a selling point on stage for some folks - no shame as long as you know what you are paying extra for and why.)
Very well made.  No problems.  Should be able to stand up to any use or abuse.
Really nice cable! I've had mine for over a year now. And it has worked flawlessly. No problems with distortion or noise. Build quality is as solid as they come. Nice gold tips and polished finish for great connectivity! Keep it professional. And become a Monster! I did!
I haven't had an issue with this cable yet, and the guage of the wire connecting the plugs is very thick and high quality, but it takes a while for them to stop coiling up. Like the title says, the timeless combo of Neutrik & Mogami is better. If you're wondering how to get Neutrik/Mogami cables cheap, make them yourself. It saves you so much money!
