In my opinion, this is the best guitar volume pedal available. It is affordable and does exactly what it's supposed to, and does it very, very well I might add. I've tried numerous volume pedals, from Morley to Line 6 to the Dunlop DVP1, and none are as fluid or feel as good as the Ernie Ball Jr.I owned the Dunlop DVP1 for several months, and while it did an okay job of cutting the volume I simply did not like the feel nor the low volume levels. It felt way too bulky under foot and went from about 0 to about 3 when barely applying volume. This is unacceptable when you're trying to clean up your distortion channel or trying to accomplish a slow volume swell. But as soon as I laid the Ernie Ball down and plugged it in I fell in love. Not only does it feel great under your foot and provide precise control, it has a complete volume sweep. Add in some delay and it will give you an organ-type swell. Absolutely perfect!I've heard some people complain about the Ernie Ball Jr being a flimsy pedal but I just don't see this. Of course, it's not a tank like the Dunlop or Morley, but it still feels very solid. It's also lighter than the others mentioned, which is a plus for traveling musicians.I would HIGHLY recommend this pedal. It is one of my favorites on my board and I couldn't imagine playing without it!
Works smoothly, built like a tank and looks good as well. I've tried other passive volume pedals that didn't work...this one works. Worth every penny.
If you want to do swells with your instrument, or make notes &#34;cry&#34;, this' will do the trick. Smooth, reliable action and no noise too.
I needed a volume pedal of a smaller stature for my pedal case and this one fits the bill...AND...it's heavy duty, accurate and has a real smooth fall off.
If you plan to use this pedal as a traditional volume pedal in a Guitar > Volume Pedal > Amp configuration (inserting effects pedals anywhere you like), this is a POORLY engineered pedal.  It can't be "true bypass" as long as the signal travels through a potentiometer but they can use pots that are a virtual short when adjusted properly and with the pedal forward.Anyway, the difference between plugging my guitar directly into the amp and placing this pedal in the chain between the amp is immediately noticeable.  The tone becomes duller, the output drops.  I would expect that from an Asian knock-off, not from an A-list gear maker.  I might be over-stating Ernie Ball's reputation, though they make some fine guitars I gotta say, and I've used their strings for many years.If you plan to use this EB-6180 pedal with digital effects you should be fine.  This is because the digital device will take two measurements of pure resistance at either end of the rocker.  The signal processing takes place in the unit, not the pedal.  (Those units have their own tone problems but that's another review.)It does occur to me that any pedal with a buffer (NOT "true bypass" in other words) may fix this problem, which is more than likely related to impedance, like a tuner pedal, between the guitar and the volume pedal.  I will need to try that out, but it does not excuse Ernie Ball from their responsibility.  Major FAIL on their part.2 stars is generous because EB fails to honor the simple "first do no harm" principle. It harms your tone.  How dumb is that?  The pedal itself is very attractive, appears indestructible, though I have my doubts about their "string" mechanism over time.  The rocker feels smooth and the weight gives the pedal stability on the floor.I have no recommendations for a volume pedal.  Because of the feel, and esthetics, I do plan to keep this for the digital device use, but wish it was able to do what it promises, and fails so miserably, to deliver.
There is no way any kind of rig is complete without at least one of these.  I have several.  Came in perfect working condition.  Great Buy.
I recommend this pedal to anyone considering a volume pedal.  It is super sturdy, transparent and I fully expect to have this for a very long time.  The tuner out is a nice feature, but the serious selling point is the quality.  Go no further for your volume pedal needs.
