I bought this pick holder because I hate putting a pick between my strings to hold it and because you can't play with a pick in your strings. I originally thought this thing would be kind of large and go all the way across the headstock. Boy was I wrong. The picture is misleading.  This thing is tiny and barely goes across three string. It wedges under neath two strings and you can put two picks (maybe more if they are thin) into the wedges on top. Stays in place well and is very convenient.Only negative is I don't know how long it will hold up. I think maybe a thicker rubber rather than this foam rubber would have held up better. I can see this thing eventually losing tension in the pick holder wedges and dropping picks.
I really like these things.  I don't stick tape and stuff to guitar body which if they do make a double sided tape similar to post it notes might be a good idea.  Bought a few while back and just bought a few more.  If you drop a pick there is another right there.  Have fun.
I love the idea that you don't need a pocket in your strap or elsewhere to store your pick. Further it will not add something else to find/loose in my pants pocket.
it's good but think its a bit expensive for just one they should give you two for that price or lower the price
Doe's not stay on to well, moves to much even if you go for the pick lightly could be redeisigned.
After buying this product, I have concluded that $8.00 is a lot of money for foam! Does the job, but I think the velcro job would be preferable to this one.
Excellent simple product. Fits all of my guitars and stays out the way while playing. Easily holds 2 picks at at time on each end. Has grooves on ends and one can slide it down so that at least 2 strings fit into the grooves.
Since I bought these little gadgets everybody playing guitar around want them.I use to misplace my picks all the time when playing and now I do not have to look around for them any longer as I know where to find them.  I like to use different gage picks therefore.  I have ordered more for Christmas stocking stuffers whicdh will be enjoyed by my friends.
It's a lot smaller than the picture makes it look, but that's a good thing. It serves it purpose and fits snugly between the strings on the headstock.
I'm using this right now on my acoustic and it does its job in respect to holding your picks. It was smaller then I would have pictured, but it still is a good product. It can hold light to heavy picks and its super easy to put it and take it off. Only problem I had was that it moves a lot when putting my pick back in. Besides that, its highly recommendable to anyone. I will definitely pick up more for my other axes.
Not too much to say, it's made out of foam, made to slip between the strings, made to hold two picks.  I have several of these, for acoustics and for electrics.  My son lost one before during a performance on stage so it is not that secure that it won't be dislodged, still, it does stay on majority of the time.  I do recommend this.  My son's guitar teacher calls this a "fancy little pick holder" and I've had people ask where to buy one when they see it for the first time.  One must also be careful, my son lost one of these so I know it is a possibility of it falling off.  He lost it after performing in a play on stage.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I use this to hold my picks on my acoustic guitar. Got tired of losing picks in mid jam, digging through pockets, scavenging for another pick. Now it's right there.
I have been using these for months now with 5-string bass. I think these are even more useful for bassists than guitar, as I often find myself playing with fingers, then suddenly a "pick song" starts and... where's a pick? I usually have to offset it, and with the tuner placement I can only fit one pick, but I still find them indispensable. And no tape or other sticky stuff!There is also a model made specially for bass. [Updated] I now have the bass model on all of my basses. It is definitely better for thicker strings.The guitar model is now on my Gibson Explorer. I do love it, but the "spreading strings" on the headstock makes it less secure than is perfect. So, still highly recommended if your headstock has a "straight through" design, not so much if you have a jackson or other radically angled headstock. (They should make a Metal Edition for that. :) )
This thing does just what it was supposed to, i use it on my practice bass since i use any type of picks on that, and it does just what it is supposed to
I was thinking it may affect the ability to tune properly, but it seems to have no affect at all. Super audiophile tone hounds might say it affects the resonance and sustain, but just take it off when recording. Very handy to have two picks with you at all times. It's great not to have to make a trip back to the mike stand to get a pick or having to attach something with sticky tape to the guitar's finish. Me likey!! Price can't be beat either!
I bought one of these to try on my Asher Junior lap steel guitar to hold two finger picks and a thumb pick. Worked, but it was difficult getting all three picks in one Wedgie so I ordered a second one. Between the two of them, between the 2nd/3rd and 4th/5th strings up next to the nut, works pretty good holding these types of picks (which admittedly, the Wedgie was not actually designed for). Liked it so much I ordered two more for my acoustic and electric guitar and one for my bass (the bass version). Only down side I see is -- they DO seem loose like they could fall out AND I doubt the picks will stay in place when I case my guitar (haven't tried it yet). But otherwise, worth the price and a good doo-dad to have around. Especially if you have a lap steel and need a place to stick your finger picks on the guitar itself (real help to me staying organized!).
