I've owned this pedal for about 8 years.  It's good overall, but the reverbs fall short of ideal for me.  They just sound a bit inauthentic, and this is noticeable at times, but in a band setting probably wouldn't be noticable.  I think it's the way they trail off.  The tails tend to have a little unnatural decay, or something.I've been using the Boss Fender reverb pedal for about 3 years now as my main reverb (neither of my amps have reverb) and what I've done in the last year is that I use this Digitech with a wetter setting (usually church or hall) if I want reverb on a solo.  For that application it works fine and sounds great.  As a "leave it on all the time" reverb I find it a bit lacking.But if you want a bunch of decent sounds you could do much worse.  Plus this thing is obviously rugged, I've abused it (not really, just regular gigging abuse) for all this time and it's never failed to work.  But that's been my overall experience with Digitech stuff for a long time.
This pedal is super...tons of verb if you want it.... makes any amps built in verb obsolete after you plug into this.. I highly recommend digi stuff... I have this coupled with other pedals and a Jamman stereo and it is awesome...thanks.... love shopping through Amamzon
Purchased this to replace a Behringer pedal because the Behringer introduced a "swishing" sound. This pedal has good choices for reverb types and is relatively noiseless. Good product and got good price here on Amazon.
I use this pedal mainly for the &#34;church&#34; setting in ambient volume swells. It has seven different reverbs you can choose from (including reverse). So it will definitely suit your needs for whatever you require reverb for. It is ruggedly built and digital, which some will like and others won't. I like it. That said, I have taken a liking to other digitech pedals as well. They sound good and are affordable.
This is a great-sounding reverb pedal. Tons of options and ways to manipulate your sound. I've combined this with a Epiphone Sheraton II (semi-hollow body) and have been able to get some awesome deep, rich sounds (watch out for feedback though). The design is very solid, and the controls are quite easy to use. Honestly, I think it has a lot of reverb settings that I won't use very much, but there's no problem with them being there.I definitely recommend this reverb pedal for fans of Kings of Leon, U2, etc. Or if you're just looking for a pedal to boost your sustain and create deeper tones, this is it. This has definitely enhanced my creativity with a guitar. My only caveat to this review is that I haven't tried out other reverb pedals, but this one definitely suits all my needs.
This pedal is OK, it has all you need in a reverb, the controls are simple and the sound is good, there are other much more expensive units, but this pedal can be compared to those expensive units, the sound is digital clear and the features are basic, it is worth to have one to have fun with, I recommend this product, DigiTech quality is top of the line so you dont have to worry about it, in general a very good unit.
This pedal is very well constructed but it goes through batteries like CRAZY! You will want to get a power supply if you opt for this unit.I'm not too fond of the sound quality of the reverb either- there are a LOT of better sounding units out there but some folks might find it acceptable.Over all I would not recommend this product.
I've had this pedal for a number of years. It provides a wide range of reverb effects, sounds natural and has a killer stereo output. I've haven't heard a pedal that competes with spring reverb, but this pedal keeps up with any simulated reverb pedal I've heard and does an excellent job with amps that lack a spring unit. The effects can go way beyond what a spring unit can do as well. Recommended.
