This is a great deal for two microphone stands.  They are well constructed and are very flexible; can be used with an instrument or just as an ordinary microphone stand.  Several adjustment areas allow the perfect height/positioning.  These should last a long time as long as they're not abused.
These are solid, good build quality and really do get the job done well.Easily adjustable, versatile in design and function, get em!
I bought these as back up stands and now use them all the time, they perform just as good as the better stands and I liked the 2 pack value... Nice...
This microphone stand it a fairly good buy.  Because it is a light and portable stand, it is not built to be fully extended with microphones, such as the Behringer XM1800S.  Adding a counter weight maybe needed if you have a heavier condenser microphone.  I found that I needed to line up one of the legs directly under the boom when it was fully extended.  As it stands, I would suggest this as a fairly good deal.
Received these with lightining speed! They came heavily guarded in boxes so shipping is less likey to mess them up. Alot of adjustments to these, and they actually adjusted high enough for me at 6'5" to be able to sing at Lemmy's angle! Great for singing, micing amps and such. These are 39.99 each at a local music store so....Update: These are perfect for micing amps or for use as a drummer's mic, but if you grab it with some enthusiasm, the plastic part the mic attaches too will separate and the whole thing will come off in your hand. I used clear epoxy on both and have yet to have any more trouble like that. I still say they are good for the price, just need a dab of glue to ensure no incidents happen.
I expected cheap mic stands missing a few things that more expensive ones had.  To be honest, I'm not missing anything.  They have all the features and versatility you'll ever need.  Perfect for what I want to do.  They even come with a clamp for your cable.
Some of the stands I have purchased are hollow, some are solid (at the part that screws together to adjust the height of the stand). The hollow ones are a PITA because they are easier to strip and bend. All mic stand inventories I have bought from (budget lines) have this issue. I wish they would specify exactly what you are going to get in your box.
I know the old saying you get what you pay for and that is just the case here.  The unit is very light weight and the legs are too small to hold any decent mic like a RODE M1 mic or similar.I knew at this price it might not be great and took a shot, but I opened one, tried to use it and can't. It was a total waste of money, but doesn't pay to return it.  I suppose if you have a small mic that has basically no weight to it, it might serve your purpose.  Again, you get what you pay for and these are indeed budget light stands.
The adjustment screw for the boom is a piece of crap, a really small set screw that strips out almost immediately.  Replace that with something stronger and this would be a great stand.  They are light weight and if all you need is mic support in a fixed setting, good enuf okay I guess.  But after transporting and reset, I found them to be junk.
I got these recently. A local Music shop was wanting $80 per stand so couldn&#8217;t believe the price of these. Was expecting cheap and very plastic and was very pleasantly surprised. Great quality an very robust.
I didn't know when I ordered these mic stands that they were On Stage stands. They are fully adjustable, great for angling over cymbals to record drums or for using without the boom as great stands for vocal mics. Excellent quality. I'm very happy with this set.
