I've been using primarily Alchemy strings for years but just got tired of spending so much for them. I figured I'd try some others at half the price and see if any stack up.These were the first to go on, and they were a HUGE step down from what I had on. The strings I took off were probably two months old an had spots of corrosion on the high E string. They were twice as loud as these. When you take these out of the pack, they sort of flop out like wet spaghetti. They don't do the fast unravel thing that strings typically do. The cons definitely outweigh the pros here.Pros:-Very flexible, string bends are easy-Easy on the fingersCons:-The most dull sound of any strings I've ever heard. Especially on the low end. They're dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound. The highs are very tinny. Almost sounds like a bad recording.-Your fingers stick when you try to slide down the strings. It's the weirdest thing. This is especially true for the G string. It's hard to explain, but it's kind of like rubbing against something really clean, where your hand does that skipping sort of rub and there's tons of squeak to boot. Anyways, it sucks. Grip is the last thing you want on your strings.Bottom line: Unless you have some wicked arthritis and just have to have super easy to bend strings, these should not be purchased. I'll never buy again. This is the first time in my life I wanted to change brand new strings.
The reason they are called silk and phosphor is that the wound strings have silk along with steel in their cores (the wire around which the windings are wound) rather than just steel.  This allows them to tune to pitch with less tension, so they can be the ideal string for a beginner or someone who is moving from nylon.  There are also silk and steel strings with silver plated copper windings.  The lower tensions and light gauges mean that they may not drive some guitar tops hard enough to let them perform up to their capability.  That is, they may sound soft and cheap.  I would not put them on most Martin dreadnoughts, for example.  But they may work fine on lightly braced guitars. The only way to find out for sure is to experiment.These are an experiment for me, I usually use silk-and-steel on my guitar banjo, it was time to change strings, and I stumbled across these.  I'll have to see where things settle down, but so far I'm willing to give these silk-and-phosphor the nod over silk-and-steel.  The sound is a bit brighter.  My music partner says she prefers the way these silk-and-phosphor blend with her fiddle.This is so "out there" that I won't let it influence my rating.  My guitar-banjo's tailpiece has small holes through which the strings must pass.  The ends of the windings at the bottoms of the bare steel 1st and 2nd strings stick out a bit, so I had trouble putting them on.  I was able to use a fine wire cutter to nip the end of the 1st string, but it didn't work for the 2nd string.  I ended up using a D'Addario string of the same gauge in its place.  Admittedly, it was a tight fit, but I was able to put it on without working on it.
What's not to love about these strings? The sound is fantastic ... they ring like they should. But my fret hand no longer gets tired after playing all night long.
These sound and feel good but nothing spectacular to report.Had to make adjustments to eliminate buzzing.They sound OK
I have recently been itching to buy a classical guitar, as that's what I learned on as a child. I can't afford it at the moment, so I decided to give these a shot.These do not turn your steel string into a classical guitar by any stretch of the imagination. I didn't expect them to - but a guy can dream, can't he?Anyway, what they did provide was very warm and clear sound to my normally overly-bright Takamine. It also helped with the rather high action. They play and sound softer. It's almost like having a new guitar.During the stringing/stretching process I broke the G string (go easy, they are silk after all) and so had to use a standard bronze replacement. I asked my non-music oriented girlfriend if she could pick out the 'oddball' string and she got it right on the first try.. that's how much of a difference these strings make. They sound less 'metallic' - that may sound obvious but my point is that it's a big difference, enough for her untrained ears to hear.I'm still saving up for a classical, but I really love these strings, and will be using them on my Tak going forward.
These strings are so soft to the touch that they almost feel like "flat-wound" acoustic guitar strings. When you uncoil them out of the wrapper they don't spring out like most other strings but sort of flop out like a string string instead of a wire wrapped in wire. They sound wonderful but I swear the feel easier to play and I was doing things with them I usually am pretty clumsy at with my mitts. They won't last as long as coateds of course but they have a depth and a character all their own worth checking out and you may find, like me, that it's worth going back to changing them out every few weeks to get the fresh sound. If you're really an acoustic guitar aficionado, you'll want to try these. The almost play themselves IMO. And that makes me want to play twice as long.
