For a cheap pedal I gave this a try.  Very versitle.  Can get many different types of sounds and drive from it.  The knobs are a little tight, but that just makes feel tough I guess.  I like much more than the Joyo fuzz.  THis can give some cleans and drive to distortion.  You really need to work with it a bit with your amp and find that sweet spot.Certainly not the best overdrive, distortion, or effects pedal I have used.  But for the budget I do receomend it.  It is cheap and very has a good range of tone options.  I ran it into a Fender Camp 600 and they seemed to get along well.Hope this helps.
Well built.Not plastic or cheaply constructed like some pedals out.Has a good selection tones and voicing knobs really does a lot to effect sound.Simple to use. Great variety of uses for it. I like the layout of controls as well.Only bad point for me is the location of the adapter input it's on the right side,I'd prefer it to be on the top end like my other pedals. Other then that nothing I'd change. Loyal Joyo pedal user. They've got a great product for the price point.
JF-15:again, OMFG! The MK type sounds take awhile to get, so tweak & consider your amp settings, guitar type, etc). The other pedals like it in the series I'm intrigued by, but I can get any sound I want so far with my stuff. I tried both the Joyo JF-02 Ultimate Drive OCD clone pedals individually on Strats, an LP, & a Harrington, through my slightly modded VC5212(Webber speakers)tube amp; clean channel. As with any pedal, it won't make you a better player. Only practicing, gear research & use, and your hands' touch/grip(whatever you kids call it these days)will have the final say of what comes out of the amp. I intentionally got the JF-02 after reading positive reviews all over the net. The JF-15 was a curiosity purchase. I was able to dial in sounds of Anthrax, Stryper, stratty Buddy Guy blues(remember he uses a metal finger tip clip at times-works with Pickboy metal picks), the 'dad friendly' radio rock sounds of Nickelback, Daughtry; Foo Fighters....to get your Marshall sounds takes a bit of work, but I use their Blues Breaker II reissue, Reflector and sometimes the crushing JackHammer(a BBII with more options and gain). I also use a digitech valve Hardwire for vintage 70's rock or switched to 'saturation' and mid scooped for the Pantera sounds. So, in closing, this pedal can do a lot to change the character of your amp to a Boogieish sound if you know what you're doing for the sound your leaning to.
I was very anxious to get this pedal in the mail and try it out so that I could write a review of my own.  The reviews on all Joyo products are extremely polarizing.  Some people love them and think they're every bit as good as boutique pedals costing three times as much, while other people (including a significant portion of the hardcore techie community) despise the whole concept and wish they didn't exist.  Having tried out this specific product - the Joyo JF-15 California - I can tell you that I'm extremely impressed for only having spent $40 to $50.First, a word about Joyo.  Joyo is a Chinese company, which for a lot of people loyal to American products, starts them off on the wrong foot.  Further adding to the controversy is the fact that many Joyo pedals appear to have virtually copied the circuitry of well-known Western boutique pedals, such as the Fulltone OCD ("Joyo Ultimate Drive"), Ibanez Tubescreamer ("Joyo Vintage Overdrive"), and MI Audio Crunchbox ("Joyo Crunch Distortion").  If you find that disturbing or appalling, I won't try to change your mind, but consider the following:  Joyo has found a way to manufacture surprisingly faithful "clones" of these very successful pedals at a price that even entry-level casual players can afford.  Larger companies, such as BOSS, DigiTech, and Ibanez, openly copy ideas, clone sounds, or borrow inspiration from other successful pedals.  Finally, if you want to pay more the boutique pedal, nobody is stopping you from doing that.  There are certainly areas where Joyo cuts costs by using cheaper materials, and the Joyo is absolutely not a one-for-one clone.  My personal opinion is that if Joyo has found a way to take the concepts of these pedals and make them cheaper...power to them.  But again, reasonable minds can differ.  My primary concern is: "How does the pedal SOUND?"The answer to that question is "surprisingly good"!  The specific pedal "cloned" by the Joyo California (from what I'm told) is the Tech 21 NYC "Character" series, which was a pedal series (apparently now discontinued) that modeled popular amps, such as Marshall, Fender, VOX, and Mesa Boogie.  Like the Tech 21 pedal, there are 6 on-board knobs, including one called "Voice", which essentially a transparency control - the more you turn it up, the less is sounds like your original amp, and the more it sounds like a Mesa Boogie.  There is also a 3-band EQ (Low, Mid, High), which seems to do a pretty good job crafting your tone.  Finally, there are Level and Gain knobs that work as if they were the corresponding knobs on your amp.  Fortunately, I find with the level gain at 12 'o clock, the volume is basically on par with your original signal.Trying to describe the tone in writing is difficult, and is obviously going to vary a great deal depending on your guitar, amp, and other cables and effects.  I run a Gibson Les Paul through a small VOX Valvetronix combo, and the resulting tone was good.  Most importantly, it sounded very different than the normal tones I would get through that amp.  Admittedly, I do not have much experience with using an actual Mesa Boogie amplifier, but I think people get a little too wrapped up in making that direct comparison anyway.  Obviously, if want the true sound of a Mesa Boogie half stack, you're going to have to go buy the real equipment.  But the tone that I found with this pedal was very full-bodied, yet still retaining clarity on the high strings.  The "Drive" knob works better at the lower and mid-level gains - it is capable of higher gains, though I did find the pedal to become somewhat noisy with the Drive knob past 3 'o clock.There are two ways to think of this pedal.  First, you could use it as an "always on" amp modeler if you really like the tone it produces.  In that case, you could turn the "Voice" up and keep the "Drive" low, while adding other distortion pedals effects to that base sound.  Second, you could think of it strictly as a "distortion/overdrive" pedal, and turn it on only for parts of songs where you want that effect.  However, one very nice (and very "amp-like") feature of the overdriven tone provided by this pedal is that the tone cleans up very nicely when you turn the volume down on your guitar.On a final note, the build quality on the Joyo California "out of the box" looks to be fantastic.  The switch is a "click" metal button similar to those used on MXR pedals.  There is a back cover for a 9V battery, or there is a well-placed DC 9V adapter jack, which works with standard 9V adapters such as BOSS and OneSpot.  Sorry for the length of the review, but I wanted to provide some good information based on my experiences, since I struggled to find honest reviews while I was doing research.  I can't promise everyone will like it, but considering the poor quality of the $40 pedals I used to buy from DOD, Danelectro, and Ibanez SoundTank growing up, it's pretty hard to regret giving the Joyo California a serious look at that same price.  Enjoy!
this is a pretty versitile pedal and an asset to my board... constructed of metal and button and control knobs seem sturdy enough.. i like it with the power supply/no batteries to fuss with ... nice sound
