I read mixed reviews of this pedal board, but I had tried half a dozen multi effects pedals and modeling processors and pedals with limitless combinations all in one. However, I found all of those too difficult to adjust to my needs, or too cumbersome to flip through all the channels to get to the sound I wanted and then modify it. What I wanted was four or five single effects pedals that I could preset to the value I usually use and then turn on each effect as needed, giving me lots of combinations. I had a couple of Boss pedals and one Behringer one and I ordered a couple more of the inexpensive Behringer units, which I'm generally pleased with, though they're perhaps not in the elite category. They work fine for me. I didn't want 5 or 6 units cluttering up the space and each demanding its own wall wart.This compact board with its built in case and cord management was the perfect solution for me. Instead of the Velcro found on many boards, this has foam cutouts which hold the B and B pedals securely and give enough room for the connectors and daisy chain power supply to stay tangle free. It all plugs in with one adapter (provided) and it also comes with all the short connectors to connect each pedal together.My pedals are  incredibly easy to use and extremely well organized now. The case holds them securely and the lid fits on and holds everything in place for transport. Everything is ready to play by just removing the lid and plugging into the outlet.The latches are not the most secure, just a simple plastic slide that looks like it could easily break. However, there are matching holes right next to them so a small lock or even a twist tie could be inserted if the latch does malfunction.Overall, I'm extremely satisfied. If you're doing something similar to me, I'm sure you will be too. The foam cutouts can be manipulated for other sizes of pedals. I have exactly enough to fill it, with the addition of a dedicated tuner that mutes everything while I tune.
I already had two Behringer stompboxes, and am thinking of adding a few more, so I thought rather than having a mess on the stage, I'd get a pedalboard.  I hadn't really studied them too much, except to note that they all seemed to be way more money than they were worth.  Then, recently I found this one for less than a hundred bucks, so I really couldn't pass it up.  I am very impressed with this unit.  It is well made, well designed, and comes with all sorts of cords and accessories.  Nothing is lacking to start playing right away.  I'm not sure how easy other brands stompboxes will fit into this board (you may need to trim the foam that holds them in a little bit), but I think the board should be pretty universal for whatever you have.  I am not disappointed in the least.  I think you will like this board.
If you've never had a pedalboard before I'd say pass on this one and look for one that is more user-friendly.  The pics and description don't show just how insanely large this is.  It's too big.  Patch cables are crap and the power supply didn't seem sturdy enough to be kicked around.Besides this, I had trouble using it (even for practice) because the lip of the case gets in the way of my foot hitting the pedals.I ended up giving this one away to a friend and getting a Gator 'bone' and a seperate power supply.  Easier to practice with and easier to toss into another case with mics/cables rather than being a whole suitcase on it's own.
This is a very good investment. Everything just sits in this case  so I never have to set up any cables again. All I do is setup the input from guitar to the case, from the case to the amp, and let's not forget the power cable. It works amazing and saves plenty of time. I've also seen reviews that it's VERY druable, so you don't have to worry about it breaking easily. I love the fact that you can hide the wires and also convert the storage bay into space for larger pedals (such as wah or volume). The only concern by some people was a slight buzzing. I replaced the power cable that came with it with one of the power cables that came with one of my pedals, and the sound went away. I would recomment this to anyone who travels alot, doesn't have a lot of space in their room, or someone who just likes things neat and compact all the time. This item is VERY convienent!
I got this to eliminate all of the cords that powered the effects units as well as get something to house everything securely.  This board does the job for at least 6 pedals.  The Behringer pedals fit nicely into the foam slots and so far have not moved around during play. What I have to get used to is that the pedals are no longer against the floor, meaning that I not have to lift my foot higher to get over the boards edge to press them.  It should just take some getting used too.  One concern is that the linked power cables don't have anyplace to disappear into. I will be working on this. What I am not happy about is that the board is ALWAYS ON when plugged in.  The only way to shut off the power is to unplug it.  I wish it had a power switch.
