I was so excited to discover that you can buy these on their own. I am a huge devotee of Dunlop strap locks -- having dropped both my electric guitar and my bass on stage at one time or another, I have now installed these on all my main performing guitars.So it was a given that when I started gigging with a new bass, I would put strap locks on it. But I already have my fancy bass strap decked out with the lock mechanisms, so I really only needed these buttons. I was on the verge of resigning myself to buying the whole set again and throwing the extra strap lock parts into a drawer when I found these. Buying the buttons alone cost less than half what the whole set would have, and now I can just shuttle my one bass strap between both instruments.I did have some major difficulty getting one of the two screws all the way tightened, but since I have attached strap lock buttons at least four other times and it was easy as pie, I'm more inclined to blame my instrument for that.Great product. I'm elated to know I can now get these buttons separately.
This is great for those who already own strap locks and just want to gear up the rest of your collection.  no sense spending alot of money on hardware you wont use.  the price was ok.
Once you install a full Dunlop Strap Lock on a guitar and strap, that strap becomes unusable on any guitar that isn't equipped with Dunlop buttons.  Since I only use about 3 straps but have more than 3 guitars, it didn't make much sense to buy full strap locks.  My only concern when I ordered these buttons was that they might not be exactly like the Dunlops and not securely keep the guitar and strap connected.These buttons look and act exactly like the ones that come with a full set of strap locks.  After testing a set, I have now purchased buttons for most of my guitars.  The side benefit is that they are fully functional when used with a guitar strap that is not equipped with the Dunlop locks.
Looks nice, hardware is good, and it works great on that extra guitar you might have without the need to buy the whole set. Now I have one strap and can swap guitars fast and not worry about dropping my guitar!
These are perfect for those using Dunlop strap locks but have more guitars than straps.  These are Allparts parts, quick USPS shipping.
