nice comfortable very comfortable to use and easy to install on the guitar and was just like the picture showed.
Well I guess it works? I don't know what I was expecting. I was hoping to get something cheap but that works for my classic guitar. I had to tie the other end around the guitar area but I don't know I guess it is okay it doesn't really bother me it is just that I wasnt expecting it. Also the actual band where I can put around my body is not THAT comfortable but it is okay and I can move around in it and secure it to my body.
2&#34; wide, Nylon strap is well made, comfortable and should last many years. The ends are leather, sewn onto the strap. It has room for adjusting to fit almost anyone, short or tall. Comes in several colors.
My pet use to roam the car while driving.  He has learned to stay stationed and relaxes a lot more!
I sometimes see reviews as redundant and unnecessary and I see a lot of positive reviews for this guitar strap, but I don't know why. Maybe other people don't really care what kind of strap they have or maybe they just have never had a good strap before. It wasn't too hard to get on and only took a couple of seconds, but once I got it on it was stiff and felt odd. It was very uncomfortable around my neck and I took it off my guitar in a matter of matters. I would honestly recommend spending a few extra dollars on a more expensive and more comfortable strap. Unless you're just going for something that is inexpensive, does the job, and isn't designed for comfort.
I bought three of these at the same time to replace some older straps that were starting to rip and fall apart. They are decent cheap guitar straps with a tight fit over the strap buttons. Two out of the three I bought are still performing well but one of them quickly cracked around the hole where that the strap button goes through and will occasionally slip off. Not a huge deal because that seems to happen with almost every guitar strap I've ever bought a one point or another but it happened quicker with this particular strap. I suppose, unless I have strap locks, there is no way around this.
