I love the tone! do your research though! Plenty of distortion, plenty of bass and treble, makes my tubescreamers sound like a band pass filter!
I own over a dozen overdrive pedals.  I know that is just insane.  this is the best I have and the best i have ever heard.  I use it after a low gain overdrive to boost my leads.  It does a great job.  tons of tonal options.  If I were to buy one od pedal it would be this or a barber
After researching overdrive pedals for what seemed like forever, I chose the Fulltone OCD. The reviews on Amazon helped as well, along with Youtube demos and guitar mags. What finally made my choice for me was when I found out that Robin Trower used one for his last 2 U.S. tours befor Fulltone made him a sig model.Okay, this pedal is very versatile for an overdrive. The HP/LP switch alone gives you a very distinct tone for solos or rhythm, and tweaking the dials adds to the fun (I'm constantly playing with the tones; a minor adjustment makes a huge difference). The coolest thing is that this pedal is responsive to your playing dynamics; picking softly dials down the OD, then you can just unleash the crunch with harder attacks...much better than trying to roll-off the volume. The true-bypass is great, as you lose no original signal when not engaged. As of now, this is my favorite piece of gear.If you're looking for massive distortion, keep looking. But this will be my 'go to' blues/rock pedal for quite some time.
Subjective: Nice thing is that it's fairly transparent - there's no changes to the top/bottom end that the tone knob can't fix, and it's fairly good in the transitions area. All gain pedals can do gain - but how it transitions from dirt to clean is what sets them apart...this handles it well. Pluck a string and let it sit, and it slowly cleans up. Some pedals it slowly cleans up to a point then it just goes to bleh.That said, setting it with the volume all the way up, and the drive all the way down, and roll off a bit of the tone knob to 11:00, and using the switch on LF - into the front end of my Mesa Boogie Roadster on Ch3/Modern = pure GOLD. That's the sound I've been looking for out of this amp!So far I've only used it on a few of my amps, and, so far, I've not found it to be unusable or even as a one-trick pony. I'm impressed, and that says a lot for someone who just a few years ago, hated the idea of putting anything between his guitar and his amp...if the amp couldn't do it 'naturally' when it comes to dirty tone...then it's the wrong amp...I still think that way, but a good pedal up front can add a nice twist...and goose that front end a bit where shifting channels might not be what the Dr. ordered...
I have to admit.  I have not tried this pedal with any other guitar besides my Strats.  But this pedal gives me everything that I want.The best way that I can describe the sound of the OCD is Quality and Character.As a Clean DriveWhen you uses this pedal with less drive as a clean boost for your tube amp, you will notice that it delivers a very strong character from your guitar and is very sensitive to your dynamics while playing.As an OverdriveI have loved the Ibanez TS9 because it allows a strat to keep a vocal type of midrange while having singing trebles.  When you add drive to the TS9, it retains those characteristics which is why it is the industry standard for strat guitarists who want to keep their stratty character and get the quality sound of a tube amp.The reason why the OCD is my preferred pedal over the TS9 is that it does not let the low end distort as early.  The TS9 allows you lower notes to distort earlier and seems to then amplify the signal.  The OCD gives you the fattest low end with tons of tone.  If you like blues or hard rock, you will notice that this feature is exactly what you wanted to give your playing a really strong character. You gain boldness and when your low end does gain some crunch, it is the biggest baddest tone that you could dream of.I use this pedal with my HSS strat and through a blues Jr III and use the clean boost for the coolest clean tone ever.  It allows your playing dynamics to drive the amp, not some arbitrary clipping from your pedal.  When I am playing heavier blues or rock stuff, I just turn up the drive and have the boldest and highest quality sound that I have ever played with.The HP/LP switchShifting into HP is almost like a gain boost.  I have heard it described as switching from an American Fender-y sound (LP) to a British Marshall-y sound (HP).  I guess this is a decent description.  I have found that I get a thick ballsy sound in the LP and I don't lose any quality in the HP.  It feels like you get a boost in your midrange.To conclude, I would have to say that this pedal is the perfect mix of ballsy overdrive with quality tone.  If you have a quality amp and a quality guitar, there is no reason to try and save $30 by buying an Ibanez TS9 or TS808 or TS9dx.  This pedal will make you a lot happier than those will if you like to keep your low end intact and not allow it to break up too early making it whimpy.
I picked up this pedal used along with DS-1 Keeley modded distortion pedal not entirely knowing what to think.  Long story short, the mod DS-1 is getting returned and I'm keeping my Fulltone OCD.First, a word about the negative reviews...it tells you something when a small handfull of people completely trash something, but the 13 other reviews (as of Sept. 2012) were all 5-star reviews. It tells me that the people who ripped on the tone of the pedal didn't know what the pedal was before they tried it.  And anyone complaining about the price - this is a hand-crafted pedal that is extremely well constructed (the inside circuitry is pristine) and built to last for decades.  I think the ratings should reflect quality first and foremost.Now, let's talk about how the pedal sounds!  It's marketed as an overdrive/distortion.  I had a lot of people try to steer me away from it because I indicated I was looking for a distortion pedal, but I was actually quite surprised at how much gain and sustain the pedal has.  It is much more an "overdrive" in the sense that it keeps the tonal characteristics of your guitar and amp, but boosts the level in gain in a very full, rich sound.  The sound has a lot of "bass" to it, but unlike a Tubescreamer (TS-9), it's definitely not "muddy".  In fact, if you're tired distortion pedals sounding tinny and weak on a combo act, this might be exactly what you need.The battery is accessible behind 4 hand screws and moderately involved to get to, but an AC adapter is really the way to go.  It's a standard plug like you find on BOSS and Ibanez pedals, but you can use a 9V or 18V.  I've read some reviewers say that 18V gives you more headroom, while some actually prefer the 9V sound.  Honestly, I tried both and didn't discern any difference - it probably only matters at very loud volumes with cabinets.Finally, there is an LP/HP switch, and it's really a matter of preference and setup how you use it.  I've been mostly using the LP setting, which has plenty of output but avoids the shrill highs that I hate.  But in a live setting (or to use it as a boost for soloing), the HP setting could be quite useful, as it is designed the emphasize the mids and highs to "cut through" the other instruments on stage.If I had to summarize this pedal, I would describe it as a Tubescreamer you can rock with.  Which is not to say that it's "better" than the Tubescreamer, necessarily, but it definitely has a larger range of gain and tone.  Put this on your pedalboard and you may find yourself using it as your go-to for rhythm/chord sections, soloing, or both.
I like a lot this pedal. It's has a deep overdrive. I'm using 18Vdc to supply power, and it deliverys a fat overdrive. I'm using a TS808 in front of OCD...
