I'll echo what others have said: this is a superbly built instrument for the price, and I don't know how Epiphone can make them to sell so inexpensively. It looks, feels and plays like an instrument that cost at least twice as much.A few notes: what looks in the product photos like a black finish around the edges and on the back and sides of the &#34;Vintage&#34; model is actually a super-rich deep, deep mahogany/maroon color, and it's unbelievably beautiful.As others have said, the factory-supplied strings are crap; if you judge the instrument by them, you'll be disappointed. Include a set of Aqila Nylgut strings when you order this ukulele, and restring it as soon as you get it.I was a little surprised that the sound was quieter than my $60 Kala soprano uke--normally, one expects a concert ukulele to have a louder, fuller sound. But the Les Paul has a relatively small soundbox compared to an all-acoustic ukulele, and that probably accounts for the quieter tone. I think it's a *better* tone, and I'm more interested in delicacy than in loudness, so I'm happy with it. If I wanted stadium-filling volume, I could always plug this into a stack of Marshall amps.Oh, I almost forgot one important note to all owners: IT IS POSSIBLE TO REMOVE THE STUPID, UGLY PICK GUARD! Since ukulele players rarely use picks, and when we do, we use soft rubber or felt ones, there's no need to protect the finish from scratching, and that white pick guard really detracts from the instrument's looks.I applied gentle heat from a hair dryer on its low power setting for about ten minutes, and very slowly and gently pried up the edges of the pick guard with my fingernails--no sharp tools! It came off pretty cleanly, leaving only a few small spots of adhesive residue. I was able to get rid of those with small amounts of rubbing alcohol on cotton, without any damage to the luscious ultra-glossy lacquer finish. And the ukulele looks SO much better now! If you feel as I do, feel free to do likewise. Just remember the key words: SLOW and GENTLE. Don't force anything, and you should be fine.
Upon arrival, I was astonished. With a box as monstrous as the one this little number arrived in, I was expecting a ukulele made for Andre the Giant.It's not quite as big as the packaging leads one to believe but the sound sure is!The unplugged tone is warm and sweet, like the most delightful brownie you could ever imagine. Plugged in it really shines. I paired mine with a Pignose 7-100 for street performing and, while it is a bit too chilly to play for nickels at the moment, I have no doubt this will pay for itself in the long run.I was slightly surprised at how slim the body is (similar in scale to an actual Les Paul), as I was expecting a fuller body but it doesn't hurt the playability a bit.The finish is gorgeous and the little stick-on pickguard is just too adorable for words.If you're hemming and hawing over getting one, just do it. You'll be oh so pleasantly surprised.
I recently purchased this ukulele from a local Guitar Center. When i first got there i was looking at the Lanikai brand, but when i picked it up it was so light and thin that I felt like a strong wind could tear it apart. Then I saw this one. It has a little bet of weight and had a fuller sound than the other ukes in my price range. I have already learned the basic chords and can't wait to become proficient with this instrument.
I enjoy playing this thing so much. It's reasonably quiet acoustically, but it shines when plugged in. Plus is looks good - the actual color and finish are quite rich and shiny, respectively.It stays in tune (after string break-in) and the intonation is ok - not spot on but definitely good enough. The tuners are basic, but they work well. It is thinner than a normal uke, about half the body depth. I find holding it without a strap to be harder than a normal sized uke, but with a strap it's very comfortable.Mine came with the pick guard in the bag pocket. The bag itself is also pretty basic, but good enough for what it is - a bag to hold your uke and some misc. items
This is a sweet ukulele and it looks just as sweet as it sounds! Change the strings immediately, and you have yourself an excellent sounding instrument.  Amplify it with a touch of chorus and feel it too!Only drawback - there is no volume control on the instrument itself.The amp cable that is included is nothing to write home about, and the gig back is a cheap nylon deal - BUT, it's all about the instrument, and I give that a 5.
The action was a little high for my taste.  The strings are not good and need to be replaced as soon as possible. Why do they sell an instrument with crap strings? That is a total mystery to me because it really detracts from the initial impression of the instrument.  Otherwise it's well built and works.  Really it's a three and a half star IMO, it's not as nice sounding or as playable as my Mahalo hardbody which was about the same cost and came set up with perfect action and with aquila strings.
My wife was worried about what to get me for Christmas, I really didn't want anything (other than the Harley I have been asking for for 25 years, maybe next???) and while surfing Amazon I came across this Les Paul. I had to laugh since it looks so much like my Gibson Les Paul, kind of like a "Mini Me" version.Well I have never heard of a Les Paul Uke and did not think for $99 that it would be much...but the reviews were telling a different story. So I found my Christmas present at last for "the man who has everything" (it is true, my wife told me...still hoping for that Harley though). I ordered it a few days before Christmas so it would not be under the tree much to my wife's dismay...but I printed a photo of it and framed it then wrapped it up and placed it under the tree anyway. Well Christmas came which means it was also one day closer to getting the real thing (the Uke, not the Harley), but everyone had a laugh at my shocked expression and obvious glee when I opened up my framed photo of my soon to be baby Les Paul!I figured since I was taking my fellow Amazonian's word I better order some Aquila Ukulele Strings since everyone stated that the ones that came with the Uke are junk(and they are, shame of Epiphone) which I did, the Uke arrived about 4 days before the strings but I attempted to learn how to play it anyway.....OUCH those stock strings were rough on the fingers, and the sound left much to be desired so I waited until the new string were installed prior to this review.Wow with the new strings it is totally like a different instrument, it now sounds as good as it looks and sooooo much easier on the ole fingers. I just love it now!!!!So if you decide to get one of these Mini Me Les Paul's do yourself a favor and get.......A set if Aqila stringsAquila USA Aquila Concert Ukulele StringsA Snark Uke Tuner SN-6Snark SN-6 Ukulele TunerA nice leather guitar strapFender Plain Leather Guitar Strap With Fender Logo, BlackandA Daily Ukulele Song Book by Jumpin JimThe Daily Ukulele: 365 Songs for Better Living  [DAILY UKULELE] [Paperback]You will love all of these items I am sure.When it arrives be sure to practice "Billie Jean" played by Jim Hill...see it on YouTube...it is a riot![...]orJake Shimabukuro Bohemian Rhapsody[...]Enjoy!
I really don't see how Gibson can make and sell these for $99!  The tech at the guitar shop can't see how either.  I plugged this into my roland micro cube and tried some effects.  I was really surprised to see how well they sounded.  I'm not a guitar player so this uke is just a toy/experiment for me.  If you are really into electric sound, I recommend going the guitar route.  If you just want to play around a little, this uke will do.
* SHIPPING.  The Epiphone comes wrapped in  protective foam, inside a gig bag, which is inside a sturdy standard tri-shaped box, which is itself shipped inside a HUGE box twice its size and totally surrounded by sturdy bubble plastic.  That huge box is then inside yet ANOTHER huge box.  Honestly, to protect this better they'd have had to contact Tony Stark.  It would take real skill and intent to damage this thing in shipping.  EXCELLENT job.  5 stars on that alone.* SIZE. Overall length 24".  Fretboard 10".  Nut to bridge 15".  So good overall medium-size.  I like that it's a bit larger than a 20-21" soprano uke.  It is "concert" size (which I greatly prefer over soprano.  Frankly, I'd like to see a baritone version).  The 24" length is an excellent size for both adult and youth / child fingers.* QUALITY.  From stern to port, this instrument shines.  Beautifully lacquered flawless finish, protective edging, plastic finger-guard (which itself was guarded in adhesive plastic), solid neck screw-joined to heavy-wood body.  The whole unit is heavy-wood and very durable.  Nevertheless the sound is quite good.  The tuners are acceptable quality (nothing amazing, but they work well).  The frets are actual metal and not molded into the fingerboard like cheap ukes.  The amp-jack is chrome-metal back-plated to the body; it's NOT coming loose.  Strap holders are already mounted, saving users the hassle.  And of course, the impressive EPIPHONE and LES PAUL signature stamps on the head for sheer class.* SOUND.  I found this to sound as good as most ukes right out of the box, despite the fact it's pretty solid-wood electric (I expected it to sound dull.  It doesn't.)  But I still bought a set of d'Addario strings (a brand I've loved for years) and according to other reviews here expect the sound to improve significantly once those are added.* ACTION. I've rarely seen a purchased instrument that has perfect action off the shelf and this is no exception. The action is fairly high (not uncommon with off-the-shelf instruments).  One will need to remove the strings (keep them for emergency spares), file down the bridge bottom (easily done with a flat surface and sandpaper) and add a new set of quality strings.  I'm a perfectionist when it comes to action (as are most players I know), so this will be tweaked.* DURABILITY.  It's very durable.  That counts for the gig bag too.  No cheap "tent nylon" there-- but thick nylon that will really resist tearing.  As others mentioned I'd still look for a decent hard case; they average under $40.  A good instrument is worth protecting.  But I'd say this could take some real punishment and still play well-- not that I'd go bashing it against a stage floor.  That would be goofy.* WEIRD SUGGESTION:  Hang on to the box it comes in.  It makes a great temporary "hard shell" case. It's made of rather sturdy cardboard and does a pretty good job of protecting the uke.  Great for hauling around in your car if you can't shell out for a shell. Seriously... that is some stiff cardboard.  Protects well.  : )* ELECTRONICS.  The sound is clear. Sadly there is no volume/tone control, no battery to preamp, and thus the signal to the amp was quite low.  They could have done better on that end.  But wow, at this price how can one gripe?Two solutions to this:1) Open up the end plate and totally replace the electronics with something better (including a tone and volume knob somewhere accessible).  That's the tricky way.2) Put a preamp on this. You can buy one here on Amazon for about 15 bucks. If you have a mini-mixer you can do the same thing with that.  Even with that little extra expense you'll come out ahead.Aside from the passive electronics... this is a PRIME instrument.  It is a mid-size uke so you can choose to string it either as a soprano (if you're careful and don't tune it too quickly) or a baritone (guitar 4th - 1st string, E-high), depending on the strings you choose.Considering what you get for the price... I don't think this can be beat.  Unfortunately, my extra-long fingers find this very difficult to play... something I didn't consider when ordering a uke.  But that's a physical difficulty and no fault of the instrument.  The product itself is excellent.
