First things first. If you have one or many expensive guitars BUY THESE. They keep you guitar safe from falling. To take it off all you do is hold down a button in the side and your strap and the lock with pop off. It's very handy. Very very easy to install and protects. Be warned they are bigger than they look but to do what they do so well they must be big.
I had the ones that came with my strat which I believe are Schaller's. I like the security of the Schaller's better because even if the pin is pulled they aren't going to let your guitar loose. However, my problem with the Schaller is that it would always unscrew the neck screw. I had to tighten it after every other use and let me tell you, not a little loose, but a lot loose.With the Ernie Balls, there was no redrilling which is needed with Strap Lock and the EB's screw is good and long. You also don't have to put them together like the Strap Lock, which is a bit of a pain.These have stayed very tight with no cause for my concern. I'd have rated 5 stars if the plastic you push together to insert and release was knurled. That would make it easier to grab and use. These will now be my default locks. The quality of the nickel is very good, too.
Earnie Ball's guitar strap locks are great. in my opinion, the best there way over other brands like Dunlop, Schaller and many others. I have them installed on my Les Paul Axcess and my Jackson Dinky and they are very secure both when rehearsing and gigging. You can definetely trust them to do their job. They also look great. Highly recommended.
My Les Paul is heavy.. The strap would constantly fall off. So I decided to get a set of strap locks. These installed in minutes, and really dont change the look of the guitar at all. You will need a nut driver to screw the lock to your strap. If you dont have locks on all your guitars, you cant interchange your straps easily any more, so I recommend getting them for all your guitars. The other added benefit I found is that on my hollow body the strap was actually scratching the back. With these locks the strap sits away from the guitar, so it fixes that problem as well. When I buy a new guitar, I get new locks. Are there better locks out there? I'm not sure, but Im committed now as I wanted the same locks on all my guitars.. Has never failed me yet.
I've found these strap locks to be much better than the alternatives by Schaller and Dunlop. These look the best out of all strap locks and have a great feel to them when locking and unlocking your strap.I use them on a PRS SE 245 and I did not need to do any additional drilling. The screws that came with the product went in perfectly and were secure.Highly Recommended.
These  work great! It's hard to write a review of strap locks without thinking you are wasting your time. You have a strap. You have a guitar. This locks them together. But, these do work really well. Compared to other brands, I find them easier to use and that is great after a couple of beers. Downside is that the strap is further out from the guitar than is generally considered (by me) to be aesthetically pleasing. But, this is true for most strap lock systems. So, I say go for it!
I had looked around for strap locks for my Dean Dime Razorback, and was not happy to see that most locking mechanisms were designed with a button on top to release them.  My guitar straps attach on the rear and underside of the guitar which would be easy to accidentally press when the guitar hits my waist causing unknown horrible damage.Then I saw these and knew they were perfect for my situation.  I installed them last night and could not be happier.  They are very solid and the lock is 'positive' so you can feel the click when it is set.  I am sure they will work well if your guitar straps mount in the traditional spots as well.  This is a great product at a good price.Note:  If you are installing on a Dean Razorback or ML, the stock front strap mount screw goes through the plate, body into the neck....DO NOT USE this to mount, or pull the old strap mount off and return the screw...it is too long and will likely split your neck.  Just drill a hole right next to it and install the locking mount right next to it (it can touch it even and still function properly).  Enjoy!  I really am happy that my guitar is much more secure now and don't worry that I will hurt my favorite guitar.
