This is for theKyser Banjo/Mandolin CapoThis is one of three capos I use for a ukulele.  It works, and is my second favorite.  I can park it on the headstock of my ukulele, and it is easy to add, move, remove. With the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I've used. It feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum).  I like how the trigger portion sticks upwards, and does not get in the way like myDunlop Trigger Banjo Capo, Black.  My favorite is still the G7th capo.  This is a close second to the G7th.My only nitpicky complaint is how it is not eligible for Amazon Prime.  UPDATE:  I just saw that this capo is eligible for Amazon Prime.  Free shipping for Prime members!!!For the price and quality, this Kyser capo works on a uke. Highly recommended.
works great, stays out of the way... cant ask for much more than that. (and expect to get it) the price was half of what i was locally.
I've only been playing ukulele for about 3 years, so I'm new to using a capo.  It seems to hold tight.
It says for a Banjo or a Mandolin but ukulele is the first instrument listed on the box. It is just the right size to clamp over four strings and taking it on/off is really easy.
Costs about 2x as much as some cheap capos, and it's worth every single penny.  THis has a strong clip, yet does not damage my concert or tenor ukulele necks.  It won;t budge once you clip it, and it's low profile.  Made of metal, it should last a lifetime.I took off one star only for one thing: the hand clip portion of this does sometimes get in the way of fretting because it sticks out from the neck quite a ways.  Some other capos, like this oneJim Dunlop 7828 Russell Banjo/Uke Capodoes not have anything that you can hit your hand on when fretting.  Sometimes I try the Kyser on the opposite side, away from me, the player.  But, it seems to still hit my hand on some chords, just different ones.  That said, I can work around it, and it's a lifelong capo of fantastic build and keeps those strings from buzzing at all on all my ukes. If one was to have large hands, as I do not, this interference may be even more of an issue to consider.C ya.  Happy strumming.  Mahalo.
A very strong capo..too strong for bigger instruments, but works good on ukes and mandolins and banjos with not too thick of a neck.  I have several of these capos, one for each instrument.
Bought this for my husbands Mandolin and he loves it, it works great, we swear by Kyser that's all we use on our guitars is Kyser capos, great product, no complaints and the price is worth it.
Works great with my Baritone Ukulele.  Same quality as my full size acoustic guitar capo.  Easily fits in my ukulele case, too.
It's a very cute little capo. It works great on my ukulele and mandolin but of course it's hard to use because when you get into the higher frets the frets are VERY small. But it works.
Although this capo is marked as correct for a mandolin, it only works correctly above the 3rd or 4th fret on my mandolin. Any lower on the fretboard than that and this capo doesn't have enough pressure to work on the 1st or 2nd fret position on my mandolin, even though my mandolin has a fairly low action.I have a number of Kyser capos and very much like the style (I own at least six Kyser guitar capos and use them on all of my guitars from a Taylor 12-String to a Fender American Strat without any problems), but in this case the banjo capo didn't work for what I need. Perhaps the capo sent to me was defective, although I have enough decades of experience with stringed instruments to know that it didn't seem broken, just not up to the task.From feedback others have sent to me it is possible this capo may work for you if you wish to take a chance on it, but I know that I don't have time while on stage to take 20 seconds to set a fussy capo 'just right' to make sure it is holding just right and then hope it doesn't start to buzz on me in the middle of a song. I went with another brand after talking to some bluegrass guys who had better luck with another style of mandolin capo.
I use this capo all the time on both instruments. A friend of mine saw it and asked me to order them one also. I did and they love it!
I have several types of capos, this one seems well built.  A little bulky for 5 string banjo especially if you are fingering near it.  I really don't need to change that fast so use it very little, might use more in a performance setting but that is a ways off.
It's a good banjo capo.  Inexpensive  and it works well without squeezing the strings out of tune. End of story
You can never go wrong buying a Kyser capo.  They are made to last and really do what they are designed to do.  The great thing about this capo is that it fits both my banjo and mandolin so I don't have to have a seperate capo for each.I also have a capo for guitar made by Kyser and I can tell you that works just as well.  You can never go wrong with a Kyser.  Not only that I like the idea that it's an US company.  I've had some cheaper capos and they just don't do the job.  They either don't press down on the strings hard enough or they wear out too quickly if they get used much.  This Kyser will last a long, long time.
I've been using one of these Kyser's for a good while now. I only have one so it usually stays with the mandolin but works just as well for my banjo. If you never used one, it's makes it MUCH easier to change keys although I usually only use it when I'm playing chords, when I solo I like to play with open strings and this makes it a breeze to pop off and put back on. With a little practice you'll be able to do it quickly without having the strings buzz.
This is such a nice bag for the price.  Nicely padded with an ample zip compartment that can hold your snark, capo, or whatever.  There is a handle and a shoulder strap.  Plus, it is reallly a nice looking bag, black with a little white trim in front.
