these have worked great when I've needed to have 1/4 input vs the xlr......especially when I bust out the old Tascam 4 track cassette...some times I like recording drums analog versus digital or other instruments
This works just as stated.  Now I can plug my mic in either way,  and it gives me more versitility
Works well and it's clean no noise, i'm starting to find out even if the price is low it does'nt mean it's not good.
Whats not to  love, inexpensive, and does it's job....After reading some of the rather poor reviews, I checked it out for  signs of poor quality or workmanship... Only thing I found was that  the pin rockrd a bit... there were three screws in the body that I used a screwdiriver to tighten up.. .I suspect that complaints of falling apart could have been from missing or loose screws... Not much of a chore. I did back out the screws a bit and added a drop of clear nail polish on the threads for some insurance that it would not loosen up...Anyway, that is the view from where I sit...Just got it and used it, I will add to the post if things turn bad..
Works great, no issues. Bought this to adapt the mike plug to 1/4" jack so the mike can plug into a regular amp for the grandkids to "karaoke" with.
Useful for connecting mics to a guitar amp or directly into a computer's mic jack. The 1/4" side tends to become a bit loose after a while, not sure if it affects performance though.
As the digital realm and the audio realm become one things like these will become increasingly rare. You will always find a place that does not keep up with the times though.That alone is a good enough reason to keep stuff like this around for now.
The Shure XLR Female to Male 1/4" Adapter is simply another one of those fix it gadgets that a sound mixer has to have in his kit.I've got a bag of them and they work just like they are supposed to.Now this one as pictured is the mono version, which you would use to take a balanced or unbalanced mic down to an unbalanced 1/4" jack. If you need to keep a balanced feed or if you are running stereo or two channel in a single cable, this adapter will not work for you. You'll need the TRS (tip, ring, sleeve) balanced version of this adapter.
I purchased this to interface the XLR plug on a Sennheiser E825-S mike with the input on guitar amplifiers. it seemed to work very well in this role. It was well-constructed, with all the connecting points working precisely and securely.Somewhat after the fact, I started worrying about whether I should have instead gotten an adapter with impedance matching capabilities. I'm hardly a professional technician in this area, but I did do enough research to figure out a good working answer: Lo-Z (low impedance) microphones (say, 1,000 ohms or less) generally do not have to be matched to solid-state amplifiers, which are likely to have Hi-Z (high impedance) inputs in the range of 10,000 ohms. These amplifiers ae generally designed to accommodate a 10:1 impedance ratio (load to source). I calculated the signal loss of such an arrangement in the range of 0.83 decibels, which is incidental.This corresponds to what my ears tell me: this adapter works just fine without impedance matching. I can't say for sure whether that also holds for tube amps but will update my review if I have a chance to find out.UPDATE: since I wrote my initial review, I have discovered that Pyle seems to have a problem securing its connectors properly with set screws. If you purchase this item, I suggest you have a micro-screwdriver set handy so you can tighten everything up before you discover to your chagrin that a loose set screw has gone missing or caused your connector to fall apart.
Anyone who works with PA and sound equipment needs these adapters.  For this price, you can't beat the item.  I've had no problems with the ones I've bought.
I see mixed reviews here.  At this price, no telling what the quality control is like but as I wrote in another review on this type of item, you can buy 3 of these and if one fails, you're still ahead of the game.  They're so much less expensive than what one will typically find in a guitar or electronics store, well worth taking a chance.  Mine seems to be fine, doesn't look or feel flimsy at all.  I can't see any difference between this and what I buy in a retail package.
These little mic connectors are just what the doctor ordered, allowing me to spare wear and tear on my systems mic jacks; I simply unplug the cord from the adapter instead. And, they produce no audible hum into the circuit. They are unbalanced jacks, though (note the single black band at the end of the plug,) so if you need balanced jacks for your system (those with two black bands,) make sure you take that into account before ordering. By the way, I have both and there is no audible difference whether singing or recording. Just saying...
