works well for acoustics, as well as electrics,  I have amazon prime so I got it quick. well made and folds easily
Great Price, easy to transport and set up and it holds my guitar.  It does what it is designed for.  Can't ask for more!
Can't beat these $10 stands! They are a bit troublesome to open and collapse, the snap buttons are hard to depress. But once open they stand up well. Since I don't travel much they are great if you use your guitar in a studio and don't travel around much.
Love these guitar stands! Sturdy and compact and at such a reasonable price. You will pay up to 4x more for similar stands! Great bargain.
This is a quality stand. I use it for my Yamaha acoustic guitar and it works great. Nothing but praise for this item.
This is a pretty nice and well built lite weight guitar stand but I have another that is a bit nicer and I paid about the same for both. This particular stand is surely made for a very large jumbo guitar.
Small yet sturdy enough to hold a full-size guitar.  Nothing to put together, just spread the legs and place your guitar on the two holding arms.  A very good price for an excellent product.
Item arrived on time and as described, item is solid and well designed. does not need and installation and setup, this item can be adjusted to fit different sizes of guitars. I ll buy more for the other guitars at my house.
This is my favorite acoustic guitar stand. It's easy to use on stage, it can be used with only one hand, and it has a low profile that doesn't take up a lot of space when folded, and it doesn't stick out as an eyesore on stage. I use this thing constantly, and can wholeheartedly recommend it.
I already have one of these stands for one of my guitars and recently bought the tubular type...I should have bought another one of these instead. As someone else mentioned here, this stand does not put any unnecessary pressure on the guitar and the space needed on the floor is minimal and the guitar can be displayed near a wall. I highly recommend this guitar stand.----5 stars.
it's a guitar stand that holds your guitar so it don't fall down during a gig hurting potential fans and thier friends....well constructed....awesome price.
For the price and free shipping, this can't be beat. It's heavy weight, solid construction, and very stable. Pay attention to the warnings. If your guitar has polypropylene finish, which most do, you're going to be fine. If you have a very high end guitar, this might not work.
this holds guitars very well.  it is quality.  I wish it was made in America.  I gave it to my church
