I have one setting that I like, and the only button or knob I use is to turn it on or off. Would never use it to record, but for the price it is 100% an awesome choice! Totally sufficient for a live situation if your amp doesn't have reverb, or you just want to easily turn reverb on or off.
sounds great.  Love the sound of this pedal but a few quirks.  It does not work well with a daisy chain power supply.  with this set up the second channel will distort a bit.  Forget batteries. They last 5-10 minutes.  With its own power supply sounds amazing esp when one takes in to consideration the price
Reverb effects are no cheap but I was on a budget so I got this particular one. The balance between quality and price is good. The depth of  sound sounds great. I love all the options you get with this pedal.  The package comes with a bunch of stickers which I thought was kind of cool.
My newest amp (the Marshall JVM410 Joe Satriani) replaced the reverb with noise gates...a function I absolutely love. But then I needed a reverb pedal. Honestly, there are more expensive pedals out there, but this will do exactly what they do for a lot less money. Give it a try. I've been using it for a few weeks and I'm extremely happy with it.
I have 6 amps. One of which is a good tube amp, but with digital reverb. It fails to sound right. So. I researched reverb pedals and found the Biyang RV-10 Tri Reverb to be the best in design, tone, and value on the market. I was not wrong. Have had this unit for well over a month now and it still is amazing in how it produces just what was lacking with that one amp's pitiful excuse for reverb.This device, with it's three different reverb settings, is just right for any style music you play. The spring setting is really quite real in how it trails off and that doesn't happen in a digital device. Analog has that warmth that the digital fails to produce. The hall setting is wonderful. Rich, but not too over powering. The A/B switch is kinda a nice touch. Much like a bright switch or a presence enhancer. And the fact that it is stereo both in and out is just icing on the cake.Since it resides on my board, I have grown to use it even with amps I have that are built with good reverb. I'm so acustom to the great sound of the Biyang that I just use it for nearly every amp I own. It's that good.
I sure wish I could afford a Fender Twin Reverb with the old spring reverb...but I don't have the funds, and I don't have the back to lug one of those around anymore. So my Baby Boom does the trick!! It's close enough for my needs!
Didn't want to spend $150 for a reverb so gave this a try. Nice unit. Recreates spring reverb very accurately. Playing through a 333 tube amp and it sounds like the spring amp in my Fender. For the price you can't go wrong.
I ordered one of these bad boys on a whim. It's definitely the best verb it's price range. You can dial in some pretty lush tones.It has a 3 way toggle, that changes it from hall, spring and room verbs.There'd is also an a/b switch that is almost a tone mode. A is bright and in your face, and B is very lush and ambient.Using these settings you can go from electro harmonix holy grail to fender spring reverb.Also has a blend knob, which controls wet and dry signal mix, and time knob that controls, you guessed it reverb time and amount.Very versatile.This pedal is built with great construction, though the first one I received was faulty. All sorts of popping and weird stuff going on.The 2nd one works flawlessly. Seems very durable, switch and jacks are quality.I highly recommend getting a 1spot or 9v adapter b/c this thing drains batter power FAST, though all modulation pedals do.This pedal does not suck tone, and is true bypass, though I wish this wasn't, as I wish reverb trails were avail after the effect was turned off.For &lt; $75 shipped I certainly can't complain.If you have any hesitations on the Biyang stuff, I definitely recommend it.
Nice reverb. Can get all of the reverb sounds you want. Got to play with it but I got dialed in easy
I've been using it for nearly a year now. I was going to buy the Boss RV-5 when I somehow discovered Biyang. I had never heard of them, but at 1/3 the price of the Boss AND stereo Ins and Outs, I gave it a try and I haven't looked back. The 3 modes are nice. I leave mine set on hall because I've never liked spring reverb, but the spring setting on this pedal does sound exactly like a spring reverb. The decay time in any mode is more than enough for probably anybody, and I can say the same for the blend control. Overall, this is a great pedal with lots of sounds that will suit just about any style of playing. More than enough decay and wetness. Seems well-built. I've since bought other Biyang pedals and I have never had any issues like other reviewers have stated. I'm not ashamed of having Chinese clones on my board. In fact, I highly recommend Biyang whenever somebody asks about it.
Well I didn't expect much due to the price... But trust me this thing is really good...I've tried EH nano grail. I own the holier grail.  I've heard the boss verbs. And I really like this one. Save your money this pedal is good enough...I'll make a video and post it soon...
This is actually my first experience with a Biyang pedal.  I heard good things about the build quality, but didn't end up with a Biyang until I needed a reverb pedal.  Turns out that reverb is a relatively expensive effect to find in a compact pedal.  Most of the popular options or $100 and up.At around $59.99, the Tri-Reverb has a distinct advantage in price, but don't underestimate its quality.  As some other reviewers noted, the reverb can get EXTREMELY deep and lush, if you so desire.  I found myself with the "Blend" and "Time" knobs around 30% for a practical spring reverb.  There's a multi-switch for Hall, Spring, and Room.  There are subtle differences between the three, but I'd be lying if I said they sounded dramatically different.  The A/B switch isn't well explained, but if you're in "A" mode, the effect is much more dramatic.  I found that operating in "B" mode was similar to the type of reverb I had enjoyed on my amps.  (Note: it has a stereo input and output, but I only use one Input/Output, so I can't comment on that).At the end of the day, it's a fairly simple "always-on" effect, and the Biyang does the job without costing a fortune.  But what makes it 5-star worthy in my book are the little pieces of attention to quality.  Having a thumb mini-screw to open the 9V compartment (instead of a plastic door or needing a Phillips screwdriver) is a big deal.  Also love that the 9V jack is on the top of the unit, away from the other jacks.  The pots are smooth and easy to turn, and the mini-switches and footswitch are "boutique" level quality.  This is a great reverb pedal - I don't think I'll ever need another one.
