Behringer products have a kind of shoddy reputation and I was skeptical about paying even [...] bucks for an 8-input mixer. My intention for this product was simple yet unorthodox: I wanted to use it for recording a drum set. I wanted to do it through my M-Audio ProFire 610. I had 4 mics, 4 stands and a 5 piece drum set. I love my ProFire610 it is reliable and the preamp is clean and strong. I have no gripe with it it's just that the preamp only works on two of the 6 inputs, so I figure if I get a mixer I can use ITS preamped channels and run them through the 1/4" inputs on my interface. Well, it worked. It worked GREAT. Not only did it sound great but I was able to have more control over the sound of each individual mic. Low noise, great sound and I still had 4 1/4" inputs on my mixer to play around with.  With my drum set experiment over I now had an 8 input mixer at my disposal. Add two monitors and you've got yourself a nice little PA. There are no BUS outputs so if you're serious about getting a descent mixer I wouldn't bother, but as a starter mixer for the price offered, I couldn't be happier. It works fantastic for small gigs or (God forbid) house parties.It may not be the prettiest looking mixer but its a very simple, self explanatory and effective mixer. I didn't need all the flash and the input/output jacks on the top is WAY better than running them out the back of the unit (I hate that!). The EQ setup for each channel is basic: Hi, Mid, Low, FX , Pan and Level. Having an FX send is awesome when using it live. I didn't think a tiny little mixer like this would accommodate that. (the thing is only 9"x7") It's also got a control room output with volume which you can use for more monitors if need be ;) The Xenyx 802 is a great buy. Had I known I would like it this much I would have paid the extra $[...] and gotten the 12 channel one.
just used mine for the first time today love it it is every thing behringer said it was  does every thing i need it to do for my two piece blue grass show
I use it with a small amp for singing.It is just the right size for my amp and it get more then enough control with it well made fast shipping .And the price it right.
Great little mixing console for home use and practice.I use it at home and sometimes take it on the road for small gigs where I need to connect my guitar, a pair of cordless mics and a portable electronic drum kit.This thing has phantom power just in case you didn't read that already!Overall I can say without hesitation that this unit is sturdy and packs all the necessary features you'd need and even has a british EQ to help shape your sound a bit.Cons? Not many... One gripe about this unit is that it has no power button! I mean what kinda electronic device comes without a power button these days huh? You have to disconnect the power adapter either from the power source or from the back of the mixer in order to take the device off. Apart from that the LED is wayyy too bright, so bright that you can't look at the device for very long and obviously can't make out the writing and control labels on the device. I notice all Behringer pedals come with this bright led. What I usually do is take a piece of tape and cover the led.I recommend getting this unit and only gave it 4 stars because of the few cons listed above.
I just got this to run my passive pa. Its inexpensive and easy to use. Very portable and does the job it was designed to do.
This has more features than I'll ever likely use. Has worked flawlessly for recording acoustic guitar to my computer. Appears to be well made.
You cannot go wrong with this mixer.  VERY clean sound, very versatile.  Very reliable.  I have been using these on the road and in my home studio without any trouble at all.  Very much Recommended!
For what this does you can't go wrong for the price!  I have a small recording setup and play guitar (and bass) with friends.  This little mixer gets both of those jobs done right.  Sure a more expensive mixer might be able to tweek your vocals or instruments more, but all I needed was a way to mix up to 4 inputs at at time and out put to my speakers and laptop for recording.  It does all of those jobs well. There is no hum when the unit is on.  I have two small grips though..and they are minor...the EQ isn't that great and the volume to the headphones is lower than I like.  Maybe I'm going deaf.
This worked out of the box. I have two XLR misc, one keyboard, and a guitar connected and its very easy to balance the levels. There is no noise or other problem so far.Great for my family.looking to buy more soon.
the Beringer 802 mixer is by far the lowest costing and best performing mixer for the price on the market..  Works fantastic and I am very happy with it..
I bought mine used.  When I got it in, it didn't work.  There was either something wrong with the power cable or the power input in the board.  Behringer uses a custom power supply, so I had no way of testing it.  I had to send it back for a refund.  I read other reviews that have had the same problem, so it seems to be an occasional issue.However, I've used one of these boards before.  The one I used back then was fantastic and everything I needed for small projects.
This device has so many uses whether it comes to mixing audio for a presentation, a gaming video, or playing musical instruments. There are so many controls and this mixer has just enough inputs/outputs/controls for just about anything that I've been using it for. It seems to be very durable as well. It does seem to get hot after a while, but that hasn't affected it's use at all and so far hasn't damaged the device in any way. Behringer is the way to go!
I was pleasantly surprised at how well this little mixer performs. It was exactly what I needed to record myself singing karaoke on the computer. For the price it does a very good job. I don't detect any hum at all and I only get hiss when I crank the volume up too high. I recommend this mixer for your home studio. It works perfectly with my sound card. You do NOT need USB to get this to work.
This mixer is just what I've been looking for. The 8 inputs makes it very versatile for different projects. This mixer is a little too much for me (considering that I only record with one XLR track & use the outputs for my UCA202 Interface) but it's good to have these extra inputs just in case I want to stretch my &#34;creativity.&#34; Anyways, this is an amazing mixer for the price! Anyone just getting into making music and recording needs one! Guaranteed amazing'ness!
I have a audio interface that has all the inputs on the back  this was difficult so for the longest time when I had my studio setup I had a mixing board going into the interface. It is always nice to have a channel strip on the line that your capturing because it make the final adjustments fine. This board is great, no sliders which I had to clean. The board has all the same features that were on my 8 channel DOD board that I used for years and it only needs a small space on my desk. The only thing that I am not keen upon is that there is no on/off switch so the unit is unplugged most of the time. It makes the stuff I do in Logic easy. This is a home use unit  great for the price as well as for its quality.
I was looking for a low cost mixer to use with my Fostex MR-8 recorder and did a little research on the XENYX 802.  Just looking at it with it's inputs, number of controls, I would have guessed it cost close to a couple hundred bucks. Imagine my surprise when, after reading the positive reviews, that I discovered this thing was only [...]!  I bought it immediately and, right out of the box, it did exactly everything I was expecting it to - this is a awesome little piece of gear for getting the recording control and flexibility that is not inherent on the Fostex. I'm quite excited about my future recordings using the 802 - I'm like a kid with a new toy!  Highly recommended piece of gear that is an extremely great value for the cost.
Behringer makes quality products - I purchased the excellent C-1 Condenser Microphone, and replaced the 302usb with the Xenyx 802 mixer board.When I researched items for a simple home recording setup, I saw all of the positive reviews for this smaller mixer, and read the item description here on Amazon and the Behringer website for the C-1 mic included what turned out to be a misleading statement about how it would work with any of the Behringer phantom-powered mixer boards.That was incorrect information - this board receives power only via USB and doesn't provide adequate phantom power for condenser mics (48v).When I setup the return of this board to Amazon, I informed of the error, and the appear to have acted very promptly on it, as the item description for the C-1 on both websites now includes an explicit statement about the need for 48 volts.Although this correction is good, it would be more helpful to customers if Behringer would also correct the description about this board associated with its wording about its phantom power capabilities to state what kinds of mics it will adequately power.I've noticed in other venues (i.e. musician and sound forums) Behringer gets a bad rap. I don't think its due to poor quality equipment, I think its due to frustration about a lack of information provided to customers both before and after the sale. Neither the Behringer website nor the included documentation with the items I bought is adequate for customers like myself who are not sound experts.
EXACTLY what I needed.  Small, compact, functional, and it works!  No off/on power switch though but small consideration when you think about what it can do.  Connect mics, iPods, MP3 players...and control sound and volume, at your fingertips!
This mixer is perfect for the price that is specified. Although the blue LED power light is near blinding; the overall quality and functionality of this product is fantastic.I would suggest this anyone who is on a budget and would want a good quality mixer.
