This may have been the best money I've ever spent for a guitar accessory. I can dial the pressure to exactly what I need for any spot on the neck. It has a smooth action, no "kerchunk" noise. My guitar stays in tune when capo-ed. I love it!
Good quality. Adjustable and does not get in the way, Great improvement over spring capos. Not much more to say but need five more words to post
I've bought 3 capos in the last couple months searching for the perfect fit. Well, the hunt is over. Amazing tone, perfect tuning. I'm completely amazed with this capo........
Well made Capo. Works as designed on my acoustic. Easy to usel and it is nice that you can adjust the pressure on the strings. Just wish it had a spring so It could stay attached to the head of the guitar when not in use. I am always setting it down and forgetting where I left it.
I started playing and writing a few songs that were specifically designed to get the sound that comes from a capo higher on the neck.I found that I needed to have a couple of exta capos hanging around and so bought this and the G7th. Both are very good. I did notice that if I had a wider neck (I think i am 42.5 mm at the nut on my two Takamines) the may be a bit short. They work and are cool looking. I have aa adjustable Planet Waves that also works great. Cheaper ones also work
Well made, proven over decades. Switched from NS capo to improve tone with a one piece mahogany neck. Not sure there is a huge difference but there does seem to be an improvement. Requires less adjustment. Square pad allows placement right next to the fret. Easy to adjust with a bit of practice.I enjoy using quality machined parts, so this is a pleasure, plus it is built to last.
So I heard these were good, and ordered one to try. I was really amazed at the quality and awesome feel of it locking down.A must have.
I've used Shubb for years.  I strayed briefly on a Fender Smart capo.  You can read my review on that item.  I really liked it at first and in my review I said I was converted from Shubb.  Im back to Shubb.  The Fender is plastic and it works fine on my electrics but not as well as on my acoustic.  The Shubb works great on both. If you just buy a Shubb to begin with, you wont ever have to waste money on trying out different capos.  It will not clamp on to your headstock, so if you like having a capo sticking out of your guitar when you're not using it, then this isn't it.
I like this capo because you can adjust the pressure, but I've had it pop of easily twice already. Have others I trust more.
If you enjoy playing Guitars, then I think you will love this Shubb S1 Acoustic Guitar Deluxe Capo. It something NICE to have around your house and work great.  Thanks to all.
I've tried them all, and I like the Shubb the best. Easy to use, very tight and doesn't get in the way.
