Nice, works and no problem.Sound is good.Packaging is good.So far the so good, used for almost a month now.
Regular strings. They work, and they last. They have a worm sound and i really like that, and with my takamine they sound great
I was not happy with the sound of these strings. The EAD steel wound strings sound dull and the nylon GBE strings sound tinny. For an extra $2 I bought the D'Addario EJ45 Pro Arte and got a much, much higher quality sound out of my 40 yr old Yamaha G-60.  Spend the extra $2 its well worth it.
These strings sound great. I was really impressed by the sound. They stay in tune very nicely. Great for beginners and intermediate players. I would recommend them.
provide a very good sound, minimal stretching past a couple of days of setting it, good lows and highs, good value
They are cheap and look good.  They also have a nice full sound and are holding up well.  Highly recommended.
i've used d'addario strings for bass, electric, acoustic, and classic. even though this string was my first time use and it haven't failed me yet!! it's very stable and in tune all time while playing. highly recommand to other ppl
This string compares significantly to the Pro-Arte string.  The sizes are the same but it costs a buck or two less.  It's so similar I contacted D'Addario to ask them what the difference was.  They stated the Pro-Arte strings are made of a better nylon and to more stringent specs... but in all honesty I wonder if the strings aren't identical but these marketed primarily to students and schools as a more economical string.Whatever is the actuality-- both sets are of quality manufacture.  They're D'Addario... and D'Addario never produces junk.  Their cheapest string is as good or better than more expensive strings in other brands.  I've never used a set of D'Addario in any classification of guitar that I didn't like.For those who are curious, I'd recommend doing what I did:  buy a set of these and a set of the Pro-Arte (they're both pretty inexpensive) and compare and see which you like best... or if you like both equally.  I think it would be good to get several reviews here of such a test between the two grades.  Whichever set one ultimately chooses, can't go wrong with the quality/price ratio.
