I am well pleased with the quality and performance of these cables. I have used them with my bands PA system and they work nicely. I would and do recommend them to anyone looking for quality at an affordable price.
I liked it. Very useful for connecting rack components between. Great idea in different colors. I will buy it again.
I have purchased various lengths of these GLS cable to patch my rack equipment. They are well made, reliable and cost effective. The XLR connectors are secure and I couldn't purchase the cable and connectors and build them for less. The colors make it easy to identify the patches quickly especially in dim light.
I use this to patch in four ports from aBBE DI-400 4 Channel Active Direct Box Direct Injection DI Boxand two from anAlesis Mic Tube Duo Stereo Tube Microphone Preamplifierinto a mixer. First, the size is perfect in my rack configuration. The cables easily reach, and the color coding makes it a snap to see at a glance what is connected to what. That is a great improvement over tags and labels that require you to get close to read.What makes these a bargain is construction. The insulators are tough and do not easily nick when being dragged around on rough stages. However, it's the attention to small construction details that I love. The XLR ends are quality components, but cheap, ill fitting junk that some companies use to keep costs down. And unlike those cheap ones these will mate and disengage smoothly. Another factor is the strain reliefs at each end. Those keep the conductors from fraying or breaking inside the cable, which will often occur at cable ends on cables without them.Overall each cable in this set is constructed to withstand frequent set-up and teardown, and is built to last. If you are shopping for patch cables in this size these are a great value in my opinion because you will probably not have to replace them for years.
for any sound techs that like to make things simple and easy to work,these XLR jumper cables are the way to go, and the quality is impressive . I used them for a new set of wireless mike to jump into my 16 channel board and was it so easy, my mikes are color coded and my cable fitted right in with the same color code thus making it easy to identify from afar and easy to control on the mixing board.
