i do like this for playing at home, but it is what it is is by no means a replacement for my 15&#34; tnt peavey but works as it says and the shipping was quick
This is a good product. The construction is pretty good. It will give you a variety of bass tones. You have to buy a 1/8 trs to a 1/4 ts adaptor to line out to your amp or sound system.
This little jewel is so small it can hide in your hand, but it delivers decent tone at a decent volume to your headphones for practicing indoors or outdoors over traffic sounds even. Its 1/4" TS plug goes directly into your bass's instrument cable jack, and it has one 1/8" TRS output jack for your headphone plug. But it also has a second 1/8" TRS input jack which allows you to connect your computer or mp3 player or cell phone so you can hear yourself playing over play-alongs or any such music source, both directly into your headphones.Its on-off switch has a third position for overdrive distortion, which I never use. It has both gain and volume output controls and both work. It also has a tone control but I cannot discern that it does anything. Could be that I just have a defective sample, but I don't care because the tone is fine just as it is.Others have described this little headphone amp as seeming somewhat fragile, and I don't argue with that--it does feel a bit thinly made and the 2xAAA battery door does seem weak. But I just take a little extra care not to drop it or bang it around in a gig bag. If the battery door eventually falls off, I'll use duct tape, and when this little thing completely wears out, I'll buy another. It's just too handy and easy to travel with not to own--and, as I said, it does the job.EDIT 2013-04-07: Still working fine.
In my house, I don't have to play quietly when rehearsing.... but when I really want to play along with a song and put some 'volume' to it, I can do it now without even a concern for our dogs, the neighbors, or my wife.  This device, as the product description tells you, allows you to plug it into your bass, plug your earbuds or headphones into it, set the volume and gain controls to suit, and play away in complete quiet to the rest of the world.  In addition, and this is the best part, there's a 1/8&#34; jack on this device that allows you to plug an mp3 player into it so you can play along with music of your choice.  I rehearse often with this thing.  You might think negatively about this device considering the fact that you can't control all the tone parameters like you can when rehearsing through your bass amp.  That's true.  But, the big thing is being able to use it for what it was designed for and all the ways it makes rehearsing simpler (less equipment-complicated) and quiet when necessary (lots of households have that need for quiet that don't always blend well with your rehearsal schedule, etc).  I paid $50 for it, and it works great,...worth the money for certain.
Liked the sound, the adjustability, just wish I could read the numbers on the dials as my ears are still ringing from turning the dial the wrong way! I find the unit surprisingly sturdy and it feels solid. I don't care about disturbing the neighbours, but it is handy to have a portable solution when traveling, the Rumble 75 is a bit big to take everywhere. I made sure to match it with good bass headphones which other reviewers have said is a must.
This device has been a blessing for my bass guitar practices. Armed with a set of headphones, I can play anywhere in the house at any time while also jamming to my MP3s (mp3 player plugged in too!).Worth the small price you pay.As far as construction, the battery door BARELY hangs on. I'm sure if I drop it, even from a low height, that door's flying off along with the battery.
Sounds just like an amp in your headphones! Gain, Tone and FX switch make for a broad range of sound since you won't be able to use any pedals. This is a great little piece of kit if you have some fun money to spend on it. 1 star off because, while nothing fell out, the plugs on both the bass and headphone side are very loose feeling.
