I love this boost pedal so much!  I owned the MXR Micro Amp for a while, but I found that it colored my tone way too much (too much low end).  The MC401 on the other hand doesn't color your tone at all.  It provides a very precise boost and pushes your tube amp into natural overdrive.  The boost is extremely articulate and produces throbbing palm muting and clear chords. If you're in the market for a boost or a buffer, I'd look no further.  This pedal is affordable, sturdy, and sounds absolutely amazing!
I play an amplified upright acoustic bass and an electric upright solid-body bass. I bought this Jim Dunlop MC401 MXR because I have a few bass solos that can't be heard above the other players unless I boost volume, which was hard to do by reaching for the volume knob on my preamp or amp with my hand. This stomp box lets me instantly add a pre-selected amount of volume boost only--no goofy effects, no hum, no extraneous sounds at all. Of course, when the solo is over, another click with my foot drops the boost. This thing sounds completely transparent when it's off, and completely natural when it's on. For my purposes, a boost of five decibels out of the 20 that this device permits seems to be enough. Naturally, you have to have left some head room available in your amp otherwise you won't hear any volume change or you'll get distortion or both, but that should be obvious--it's just like turning your amp up, except with your foot.The MC401 runs on a 9-volt battery, but I also separately ordered the Dunlop ECB003 AC adapter, which is also available at Amazon. I checked the Jim Dunlop website and in its FACs it specifically recommends staying with the same voltage adapter, so I did not order the ECB004, which is an 18-volt model. The ECB003 adapter works perfectly and seems completely silent.The MC401 is compacl, but it's heavily-constructed so it stays put. The stomp switch itself appears to be made of good steel, as is the case itself. Everything is solid as a rock. I don't see how it could be better. Perfect.
This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This CAE boost pedal is very sensitive and delivers as it should. I actually believe this will exceed all your expectations. You will not be dissappointed at all. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
I use this boost in the effects loop so it's after the preamp section of the amplifier.  It gives the boost I need for my leads without effecting my tone whatsoever.  I will always have one of these on my board.  Very well made.
I'm using this pedal like a clean boost for leads, and I'm very happy with it's sound. Uncolored +20db of clean gain...
A very good pedal that you miss only when its off. Super transparent and boosts your signal after all the degradation through your cables. To my ears it restores the high end and shimmer and brings back life to the note. Best used after all your pedals right before it goes into your amp.
