I have many expensive cases for my guitars and recently started playing bass,  but not too serious just wanted a nice little case for it. Boy was i surprised, this case is awesome, great quality, fits bass without any problems and the storage inside is great. Definetly reccomend this case
Bought bass case for strat,wanted extra space.as the lining is q memory foam and holds the instrument gently in place it also acts as the lid for the open space.I keep several music/note. Books under the head stock.other reveiwer complained of the excess space but that's what I wanted. It did have chemical smell but as I open items in garage,near trash can for the packaging.it aired in a few minutes. Totally happy with service and product.
This is my second case from them. Build good for carry and balance. Brass color lock that comes with it.
This is nearly identical to theGuardian Cases CG-020-B Bass Guitar Caseat about half the cost. However, there are some issues with this case as well as limitations.First the issues: while the covering appears to be stitched on, it is - for the most part - glued on, and if the case is left in a hot, unventilated space like a car for prolonged periods the covering will start to life at the edges. On the other hand, someone who takes care of their gear is probably not going to leave their instrument in a hot car (or garage or other storage space) for prolonged periods. However, you should be aware of the issue, if for no other reason than to remind you that if they case suffers, imagine the effect on your bass.The limitations are simple: the case, while a hard shell design, is not as strong as one made from ABS plastic. The top is relatively flimsy as are the sides. This is not a show stopper if you use the case for home storage and occasional gigs, but if you have a heavy road schedule, and especially of you are not personally loading and unloading the band's gear, this case will not afford you the protection of an ATA-style case.Also note that I have only used this case for a Fender Jazz Bass, so any long-scale J- or P-style basses will fit. I cannot be sure about other brands and models.I mentioned an ATA-style case as a better solution, and it is essential for protecting your instrument if you have heavy road or even local gig schedules. For less demanding protection I recommend that you also consider this case (which I purchased as an upgrade when I became aware of the issues and limitations of the Musician's Gear model:SKB Electric Bass Rectangular Hardshell, standard latches, handle.If you still opt for the Musician's Gear case, you are still getting relatively good value and are certainly making a large step up from a soft gig bag.
When I was looking for a Bass Case I just wanted something that was not too expensive and would protect my bass. This fits the bill perfectly. It's not really a case that is meant for heavy travel (like checking it a the airport) but it definitely will take good care of your bass during normal travel. And the internal compartment is really nice for storing straps, cables, strings, etc. For the price this is an excellent case.
These are by no means touring cases. They're inexpensively made, which is a good thing because I hate to pay for a case that cost half of what the guitar cost and I don't tour. That said, they do a great job at protecting guitars that aren't out on a stand. I've got about a dozen guitars and when they're not gonna be played anytime soon I want to put them away in something more substantial than a gig bag. These do very nicely for that purpose. They are certainly more than capable of taking an instrument to a gig, but I wouldn't put a pricey guitar into this case if I new baggage handlers or shipping gorillas were going to be handling it. So, I recommend them, but be aware of its limitations.
