This works well.  Has nice ergonomics, fits all of my acoustic guitars, and is easy to use.  No adjustments are required for my guitars, but it is nice to know that the options is available for this capo.This capo comes with a pick holder.  And, it is expandable with aD'Addario NS Micro Clip-On Tunerthat attaches onto the lower arm.  I do not use a pick, and I use my own tuners, so neither of these two features is applicable for my needs.This capo has moved up as one of two highly used capos for my guitars, the other one being theG7th Performance Capo.  The G7 capo goes with my Takamine New Yorker, and this Planet Waves goes on everything else.  If anyone needs to use a capo, I loan out myKyser Capo.Recommended.
I have the original version of this capo and it works just fine as does this one.  However, it seems theu have made a slight modification which increases its value from my viewpoint.  Yhey have added a channel on the capo onto which slides a bracket which is included.  This bracket holds the NS micro tuner, of which I have 3.  I had considered anther capo which came with a tuner for certain applications.  However, now, this ingenious little bracket enables me to use a tuner in tandem or not depending on my need.  A simple modification, but bordering on genius.  The capo itdelf id wuite capable as it is a spring attached capo with a micro adjustment screw/spring which can be helpful with guitars that go sharp when a capo is employed.  Highly recommended.
I have been playing guitar for more years than I care to admit. Okay I bought a 1966 Telecaster brand new back then. Still have it and love it. I have a lot of different guitars, mostly electric, and 4 acoustics. On my electrics I love extra light 8 gauge strings. (Only about 5% of us do) I can fly on those and do things at a pace this is a lot more difficult with heavier gauge strings. Anyhow I digress, but for a reason. Light gauge strings are subject to tuning problems if you have big fat frets like the .050&#34; found on Gibons and ESP-LTD's. When you squeeze the string to fret it, with light gauge strings it is all too easy to squeeze it all the way to the fret board. With X-Large jumbo frets that can be quite a distance making the guitar go out of tune. The cure for that is using heavier gauge strings such as 10's or more so it makes it possible to determine quite easily just where the top of the fret is without doing the full squeeze all the way to the fret board. So most capo's work with 10's and on up because there is a lot more tension on the strings. So a lot of capos can create a comfortable fit fully fretting the strings without them going into the sharp note zone.So since I use lighter gauge strings, and even 9's are subject to the same limitation, I have had a hard time finding a capo that would sit comfortably at the top of the range between the fret and the board, and still squeeze the string sufficiently so as to not create any buzz and do so without making the string too sharp. Guess what? Now I found it. I have several capos and none of them make the grade for light gauge strings except this one. To be honest with you I was surprised when it worked.Okay so here is how I put it to the test. I used the Snark headstock tuner which is a great little tuner if you know the secret to using it. I also have the Peterson HD tuner bench model which is fodder for another post with its one tenth of one cent tuning accuracy. Okay back to the explanation.With the Snark you tune the open string until the line stays in the center without wavering off to one side. The only problem is that most any headstock tuner I have seen they aren't superbly accurate. (The Peterson headstock tuner I sent back because it was acting crazy. Anyhow...) So the secret to using the Snark which I like best out of the headstock tuners I have tried is to tune the open string first, and then fret the string on let's say the 5th fret. You will occasionally find that a string in the open position registers as being in tune, even though it may be a little sharp, or a little flat, so when you strum the whole chord you will get a desire to tune it, so your ears can hear it, in order to get it spot on. There is nothing more beautiful than a perfectly tuned guitar, and nothing worse than one that is well out of tune.So by tuning the open string, and then tuning the fretted string, once both are in tune it is right on. So in the open position if by chance it is a tiny bit sharp, not enough to register on the tuner, when you fret that string, for example on the 5th fret that naturally stretches the string a little bit, making it sharper, which will now show on the Snark as a note that is too sharp. Once you balance the open string, and the fretted string you really have a wonderfully tuned instrument. You don't even need to hear it. So your audience is not listening to you tune up, yet you get it right in the sweet spot that we all love and know so well.So with that being said you can more fully understand why this D'Addario NS Artist Capo is the cat&#8217;s meow. It is the first tuner that I ever used that kept the guitar perfectly in tune after clamping it on the neck. (It is adjustable like the others are, but this one is sensitive for light gauge strings as well)You often see artists trimming up their tuning after putting on the capo; not with this one even with light gauge strings. I must admit I was surprised taking it right out of the wrapper, after going through the above tuning procedure to get the guitar spot on, that it immediately did the job just right. It wasn't even a little bit sharp.To be super critical here is another tip. When using this capo put it closer to the fret, rather than in the middle between two frets. For some reason it stretches the string less in doing so. It has to do with the tension resistance at a steeper angle right alongside of a fret, rather than farther way like in the middle between the two frets. I did get a tiny bit of sharpness when positioned between the two frets. (With 8 gauge strings)Since the two most important factors are that it is comfortable to use, not getting in the way when playing open chords and keeping the guitar in tune. The best way to use this capo is to simply clamp the strings right above the second fret for example, rather than right below the third one. Right below the third one gives you that perfect tune also, just like right above the second one does, but it keeps the capo way out of your way. As a matter of fact I am so accustomed to using the capo position to know where to finger the chords, that I sometimes make a mistake and fret them one lower than they belong. With a little practice, or not even looking at the guitar instantly corrects that. To say this quite simply is to say use this capo farther away from your hand. You just slide it down to being right above the fret below it, rather than right below the fret above it.So there it is. This Capo does the job perfectly and is light and easy to clamp. Of course if it can accurately handle 8's it will breeze through anything thicker. Out of the box it is set at its lightest setting, and that is perfect for 8's on the Telecaster I tried it on. Teles and Strats really have the same neck just with different head stocks. So it will work the same with both.So I guess I can't recommend this capo high enough since it is the ONLY one that works perfectly with super light gauge strings. My only problem is being sure to remember which guitar case it is in so I can switch it over when using a different guitar. I might get another one for a backup.
I completely agree with &#34;JPfromOH&#34;.This Planet Waves D'Addario Artist Capo tries to be too many things and winds up doing none of them perfectly.The micro-adjusting knob for tweaking tension/pressure is nice, but I've wound up having to mess about with it repeatedly with every guitar/ukulele that I have.  (A standard tension spring might be a bit too firm, but at least it's consistent.)I also thought I'd like the curved cradle for the neck, but it winds up pushing the capo to odd positions on one of my guitars and makes it very uncomfortable to play with on my tenor ukulele. I know, I know, this isn't designed for ukuleles, but I have no such troubles with my Kyser capos.I don't understand the clip for a tuner on this thing.  I have several clip-on tuners that clip directly to the headstock. (And most are Planet Waves already!)  Why would I want to purchase a separate tuner that can only be used when I'm using the capo?  I suppose that if you have money to burn, this is a useful addition.And the pick holder is a nice touch, but... I use my fingernails so that feature is needless for me.As others have noted, there are other, better capos out there.
For years I used Kyser capos and the handle for them always sticks out and that can be an issue. Planet Waves' NS has a smoother handle that doesn't stick out as much and i've had no issues with gripping it on or off so far. It is easy to put on and off and it holds the strings down properly. If you're looking to buy a capo i'd recommend this over a Kyser.
The tension screw adjustment remains the best of any capo I've ever used - and I've tried many over the years. But what was Ned smoking when he decided to have the trigger handle and main support stem, including the pick clip and tuner holder, protude outward away from the fingerboard? It's awkward to apply and remove quickly. It's visually distracting for player and audience, and it doesn't add any mechanical benefit to the already excellent tension adjustment.The only possible justification I can come up with is having less to obstruct the fretting hand behind the neck -  but even that doesn't fly. Regardless of capo tension you should position it as close to the fret as practical and, unless you're avoiding playing that first fret (or use a low-thumb classical fret hand position) you're always going to feel some part of the capo against the leading edge of your hand. I own the older Planet Waves tri-action capo and never felt that to be a problem.Otherwise the construction of the NS Artist Capo is superb. The surface is arched, probably between a 10-12 radius that works fine on various Strat fingerboards as well as a flatter SG/LP style. It doesn't work as well on the very flat 16 radius of my Martin OM-1 which is virtually the same as a classical. If I cranked the tension it's possible the rubber would flatten out but I wouldn't risk marring the neck wood.I tried both the pick and tuner clips and they're functional, but to be honest I wouldn't use either - too distracting and I only use tuners to get an initial A, then tune each guitar to itself or to other instruments, depending on what they are.The only other capo I've ever used that protudes outward is the Kyser with its notorious 'wrought iron fence' design. I have one and, as good as the holding action is, I've never felt comfortable with the design. The older Planet Waves capo is still available so it comes down to preference.To top off the confusion, the picture on the front of the cardboard card the NS Artist comes mounted on shows a similar capo positioned in a way that's impossible with this capo!
I own several capos, but this is the first with an adjustable tension.  Several of my acoustic and electrics have different types of curvatures in the neck.  I picked out a couple and selected one of my other capos to match play against the NS Artist. There wasn't a whole log of tonal differences near the nut when I compared the capos, but when I compared them from the 5th fret on...there was some slight noticeable differences.  Granted, I had to readjust the tension on the NS Artist. Why readjust?  The neck's character changes slightly as you get nearer the body, and to ensure that I had just enough and not too much tension (after all that's why it's adjustable), I readjusted the tension.  The tonal differences were more noticeable when I played softly, and less when I cranked down.  All in all...not a bad capo.
I am a fan of Planet Waves NS capos, but this new one is not very well designed. The way it sits on the guitar is sort of backwards. I find my left hand hitting the lever when I'm in open position. Frustrating. It does have a pick holder, which can be handy, and a place to put an NS tuner, which can also be handy. I just think it could have been better designed. I don't particularly care for this capo and will likely not use it for much stuff. I'll stick to my other NS Planet Waves capo or my old faithful Kyser.
This is one of the nicer capo's Ive used.  Certainly superior to the old school band-based jobs from yesteryear.  One of the nicest features is it can be clipped on the head while not in use and then you can quickly grab, position, release and go.  Heck, you could probably place it mid-song if you were so inclined to do so.Also it clamps without bending the strings.I've used it on my Start, Les Paul and Martin all with no complaints. I hardly ever use a capo, but if I need one, I am glad to have this one.
I own Dunlop, Kyser and G7th Nashville Capos.  I don't like the direction the Dunlop faces, it seems awkward.  The Kyser spring is very poplar, but I think the spring tension is too strong, making it harder to take on and off and I think it makes the strings a little sharp.  I like the G7th Nashville Capo, but the spring tension is inconsistent.  The used to be softer, maybe too soft, but the lastone I bought was almost as still as the Nashfille.  Ths Planet Waves NS Artist Capo is similar to the Kyser and Nashville Capos, but the tension is adjustable and seems to be the best of all combinations. Only downside is I think the Nashville capo looks better.
The Planet Waves D'Addario Artist Capo seems like a classic case of trying to do everything and not quite getting it right as a result.  The capo has a micro-adjusting knob, but it is into as consistent with acoustic guitars, such as my Seagull that have non-standard width fretboards.  The built-in pick holder is useful, but Planet Waves offers another, less &#34;Artist&#34; model that also has one.  In fact, the other Planet Waves capo I have is much more amenable to different width necks than this one.  The Artist capo also has an adapter that allows The player to attach one of those small clip-on tuners directly too  the capo.  Assuming that you don't use the capo constantly, why would you want to clip the tuner to the capo instead of to the guitar's headstock?  Check out other offerings from Planet Waves; you can do better for less than with this one.
Like many modern capos, this has an unwieldy look to it that I don't like, but once I get past that, this is a top-notch capo that is as good as it gets for capos. I play several very different stringed instruments (guitar, mandolin, octave mandolin, tenor banjo and Irish bouzouki), and I like having a capo that I can use on all of them. This is ideally suited for guitar, but holds its own on all the other instruments. I particularly like that there's nothing hanging out under the bottom to get in the way. I can play right up to the capo without my left hand hitting anything on the underside of the neck.I really like that fact that it's adjustable, and this feature comes in really handy when moving it from guitar to the tenor banjo or mandolin. I also really like theMeideal MCapo10 Bronze Guitar / Banjo / Mandolin Capoas my 'all purpose' capo, and I own several of these because they're inexpensive and just a great product. But this is definitely my new guitar capo, and will replace the Meideal in my case. Great product, solidly built, and it's a bonus that you can add the Micro tuner to the bottom of it.The construction appears to be very solid, and the finish is a flat black baked-on paint (or so it appears). Might be some sort of powder-coating as well. The top bar of the capo is covered with hard black rubber, and the spring seems very strong with great tension. As noted, it will accept a D'Addario micro tuner on the bottom, and includes the bracket for mounting it.
Always looking for that elusive perfect capo, light yet strong and dependably firm?You just found it.This is an exemplary capo. No surprise, as it's designed by Ned Steinberger, who understands what it means to strip a guitar down to the basics. It's made of serious aluminum and the spring is super-solid. The tighten feature means you can put it on your guitar and then tighten it so well that it won't come off again until you loosen it. No slippage here! This also lets you move the capo further behind the fret so it's even less in the way of your hand, a very useful feature which most other one-hand capos can't offer.It's an easy on-in-seconds design that is as slim and simple as it gets. The rubber is well-bonded and looks unlikely to pull off for years at least, unlike many cheap capos. It sits well on any six-string, though is not flat enough for a classical. But most of us use capos mainly for acoustic and maybe a bit of electric (unless you're Albert Collins, who always used one and would have loved the tightening aspect here), so this will cover all your basic capo needs.It's got a little slot for the D'Addario brand tuner, but I use a Snark and these two go together well; put on the capo, activate the tuner on the headstock, tune it up, and away you go, perfectly in tune in seconds while using a capo! If you've ever suffered onstage while switching frets with a capo, this is a godsend combo. The capo also has a little pick slot, which will comfortably take up to about a .73 mm pick. It fits .60 picks perfectly, by the way.This NS Artist Capo is well worth 20-25 bucks, and since I got it my Shubb and Kysers have sat lonely in the corner.If you haven't ever experimented with capos, try them out. They can really change the way you play your guitar, and may help you find you sing better than you think, as we all have our best keys, and a capo can help you find yours. I love playing bluegrass licks in G while capoed at the second fret, for instance. The extra zing and crisper tone make me play different licks and it's almost like another instrument. This goes for every fret, pretty much, up to about the sixth, where it gets a little cramped.All in all, this is the best capo I've ever used, especially for this quality at this price.
I have to confess to a particular image that comes to mind when I think of capos.  It's the image of an earnest folkie, with mastery of C, G and D, but still struggling with the A. A good player should be comfortable in any key.  But there's still an occasional place for a capo, and that's when you need open strings in a chord.I tested this capo on several guitars, and with one exception it worked well.  Steel-string dreadnought, archtop jazz box, and Les Paul worked nicely.  Not so much on a flat fretboard classical.  The capo has a slight curve that works well on any curved neck.  But on a flat neck there's a little string buzz on the D and G strings.  While the capo's grip is good, it still needs to be fitted right behind the fret.  This means that it can get a little bit in the way for passage work. That's probably a rare problem for the intended user.All in all it's a nice little capo.  Goes on and off with no fuss and fits the majority of necks.
This is the best capo we have (out of three). We were not unhappy with the others until we received this one.Pros:Easy to use tension adjuster that helps tune out buzz and also helps keep the guitar in tune.Easy to put on the guitar. Although the tension is good enough to press the strings down so they don't buzz, it is not so tough as to keep the fingers from compressing the string onto the fret.Nice pick holder feature.The micro adjuster is easy to adjust. It turns smoothly and is kept in place by the spring.Cons:None!This is the capo to get!
The capo is pretty good. I like the ability to customize tension. However, it is unclear which way the capo should be put on - with the &#34;pincer&#34; side facing the floor, or facing the ceiling? In either direction, it's a bit awkward to put on/take off, as the angle of the pincer is difficult to get right quickly. The Kaiser is still the best, IMO, but you can't adjust the tension on those. Overall, this is good but not great.
Planet Waves NS Artist Capo is as near perfect a capo that I've ever come across. I've been a Kyser Capo gal for many, many years but, this capo has that one beat by a mile. There was absolutely new fret buzz no matter which of my guitars I tried it on or which fret I placed it on. As I strummed each string to sound was so clear. It's also very easy to open with one hand and keep it open, without any stress to your hand, until you release your grip to clamp it into place.I do believe the folks at Planet Waves have developed the best capo ever! And the price ain't so bad either.
