This bit of leather and a button spared my acoustic surgery to add a second strap mount. I am happy with the function and it looks good in combination with an Ernie Ball strap. The raised star on the button adds a touch of design interest.
Works great.  Easy to use
My acoustic only has the end pin strap button and none at the heel of the neck. I was using a bit of string to tie the strap to the headstock, but it was ugly. This, however, is a very attractive solution and quite sturdy to boot. Highly recommend.
Leather type material and corrosive free button type attachment for the strap.  I would prefer it not so wide but you have to include the button.  The button is not a snap, I just lack the word to describe it.  Previously I used to use a shoe lace and I would be thinking about it falling while playing.  Now I have more confidence with this strap.  It's not Gucci but doesn't feel like plastic either.
... but... they're the cheesiest looking leather I've ever seen... real leather for sure, but somehow the maker found real leather that looks like cheap vinyl imitation leather.
Yep. it holds the strap on the neck of my guitar. I have a Washburn rover, a backpacker style, and so a stap is a necessity, and this works just great.
Works well with the AXL PG-515.  This is good quality for the price.  Snap is large and holds well; but is easy enough to unsnap when needed.  Its rare to need to remove this strap button because it slides out of the way, as needed.
I am happy with the strap button that I purchased, however they sent me the wrong one.  No big deal.
If you have to have a strap on your acoustic guitar, I would suggest this. I have a vintage 60s Dixon Hummingbird. I was really worried about scuffing it up. Don't worry with this.
I wanted to put a strap on my acoustic guitar. Now it is easier to handle, when trying to play.
Love it, I finally found one that supports my 12 strings Alvarez jumbo acoustic guitar
This strap button works great. works so much better than the string around the neck thing.And looks better too!
