They sent me the 1mm (Blue) by mistake but it turns out I prefer that size after testing it out.  Fast shipping.  I play bass rock/metal
These are nice and sturdy picks.They sound real clean.I'm having better luck with them on the heavier acoustic strings.I still have to get used to the harder picks for my electrics.
I used to swear by Hard and stiff picks on my Les Paul Custom, but I recently bought a Strat '62 re-issue--and these are TOO MUCCH FUN for fast rhythms with a WAH or Phase 90 (phaser) pedals!!!
Just the perfect pick I was looking for, I've tried experimenting with several types of picks. Finally found the right one!
arrived on time..packaged well. happy with purchase...they are your regular picks..will order again if needed. happy with purchase. hope you enjoy em...
I have tried few picks, textured, mallow color, and this bright green.  I like it bright color that is very easy to found, and 0.88mm seems right for me to strumming on an acoustic guitar.
They work as well as any Dunlop pick; they don't crack, which is a big plus if you use the general Fender variety.  I go a little thicker than I would for regular plastic picks, because they get flimsy after a while.  Take note of the price of the picks and the shipping cost - it might be cheaper for you just to go to your nearest music store.
I've used everything you can think of in the way of picks and the Tortex are one of my favorites. I have at least 100 of them in various thickness' and these and the Claytons, are all I need. The Claytons are great too, but there are times that I want a different thichness and with the Tortex and Claytons you can find the perfect pick for anything you want to play. They last forever and have a great grip.You gotta try them out
I bought the .73 mm picks & I would consider them medium thickness. If you like lighter get the smaller thickness or if you like heavy go for the larger thickness. The .73 mm is right for me, I really like them.
Love these picks. Have used them for years. Feel very firm yet still flex when needed and last forever. Highly recommend.
I've always used Planet Waves nails but I wanted to try the Dunlop buying me this little package. A very good experience. Durable, comfortable and of a texture that makes it easy to use and does not allow them to slip easily.
I know that pick choosing is a personal matter. I choose this specific model because the thickness and flexibility are perfect for me.
I use Dunlop Orange because the thickness is perfect. I hit the strings very, very hard and these picks are heavy enough to get the job done yet I don't break many strings.
i've been using these tortex picks for a few years now and won't buy any others.  they feel great, don't fall out of my hands, and have a decent life span (plus the turtle logo is sweet)
Great picks for beginners and pros alike! Go for these thinner picks if you like more versatility in your playing.
I think Tortex / Delrin picks are the standard that others are judged by.Durable, good to gripping surface, easy to identify thicknesses by color.The only way I can think of to improve these would be to replace the black ink logo and script with some sort of raised embossing.Then your fingers will not smudge and the grip would be even better.Take a look at "Cactus Picks" to get an idea of what I mean.
I've been a huge fan of dunlop picks for a long time. I started playing 15 years ago, and used the slim, floppy picks for a long time. As time went on and my guitar skills grew, I needed a pick that was sturdy, and wouldn't flex to play more intricate and detailed songs.The tortex purples are my favorite, and they're the thickest ones I can find. I like the soft sandy feel of these. They don't slip out of your hand easily, and because they're so thick, they take a long time to wear out.
I like the picks a lot! They are super strong and look like can take a lot of use in a good shape! Recommended
Yes.  The 1.0mm Tortex picks are BLUE!  I was quite surprised at the number of reviewers that complained for not getting a multi-color pack.  If anyone has ever been to ANY guitar shop, the Tortex Picks are all color coded!Anyway, I've been playing guitar for about 15 years.  I've been using the Blue Tortex picks for about 14.  At first I messed around with all the different picks I could get my hands on.  Teardrops were too small; Fender brand were too slippery; Guitar Center brand wore out too quickly; the Jim Dunlop nylon picks just felt too weird to me.  The 1.0mm Tortex give just the right sound on the attack, don't feel too flimsy in my fingers (I keep a tight grip) and the grip on them is far superior to any on the market (gator grips feel too porous for me.)  Durability wise, I'll lose the pick before it even comes close to wearing out!
Whatever size you are looking for Dunlop is the best option. It lasts long, sounds great, and feels very nice. It is probably the most favored pick among all companies. I recommend the orange one for beginners, and in general would not go much higher than the green ones because when it gets too heavy it does not feel to comfortable anymore and does not sound as well, but it is totally up to what you want. Either way, Dunlop is the best and for a great price.
I've always used these dunlop picks, I've tried other ones like fender, other dunlop picks as well but these just feel right, I've never like the thicker picks or the picks with the weird grips on them these just feel right when playing, give them a try! ... if not you'll just wind up with a cool little turtle tortex sticker instead
I've been playing guitar for over 40 years, and these Tortex picks are nearly the worst I'v ever used.  They are so noisy that they overpower the guitar strings with their clackity-clack noise.  Dunlop Ultex picks sound much better.
thankfully i still have most of these picks. i'm always losing them, but they work super well and i will always buy this brand from now on.
I was looking for something that was able to bend a bit but not fall out of shape or stay bent after much use and these are great.  They have good tension but still sound nice with my acoustic and the grip is great.  It's almost like a microscopic layer of felt is on these.  It sucks when your hands are cold and the pick keeps slipping out of your fingers...you don't want to keep licking your fingers or breather warm air on them and these are easy to hold onto no matter the condition.
I've been using these picks for 10+ years, they've always been great.  Between these blues and the yellow, I'm covered.
I love these picks.  The flex is just right for me, and they last forever.  I have never had one break.
If you don't know what type of pick you like, buy a sample pack. Picks make a big difference to sound and playability. These are thin and flexible. Easier to use for beginners and easier for strumming in general. However the tone is different. So you'll need to decide what songs they work for, etc.As far as quality, these are great. Easy to grip, and as durable as most.
Good picks, great feel and brings out sound loudly. Mostly for Electrics. I prefer the lighter sound of the Acoustic but these work very well with my friends Electric, Fender.
I used to use a lot thinner pick until reading an article from Paul Gilbert saying that in order to play fast you need a minimum of 1mm. These things are great and yes, I can shred faster now!
If you thought a pick is a pick (like I once did long ago) you would probably come to realize that it would be a mistake to assume that position as your playing and playing strength increases in attack and/or complexity.I use the Dunlop Tortex 1.14mm Purples.Early on in my playing I was using thin to medium picks but read in a guitar magazine along with hearing from several friends that a heavy pick is better. Why? After messing about I found that the player is able to fully control the pick and not let the pick interfere with input and attack.  The interference with a thin or medium pick is that it has give, or slackens when attacking hard. With a heavy gauge pick that lack of rigidity or slack is only introduced by the player and not through the picks flexibility.I tried it and liked it and have been using heavy gauge picks since the mid '80's.I like the Dunlops feel, grip, and durability. They hold up for a very long time. How long? I have had some last a few years. They are an incredible bargain given the long lasting durability.My students use them too, I don't demand it, but I do stress the control aspects with picks of different gauges.Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.
Finally decided in getting the 1.00mm picks because I don't like them too thin or too thick, this was the perfect gauge I was looking and hoping for. The logo will wear out in a few uses but I don't much about that. Been using it on a daily basis to practice and so far it's not wearing out too fast. Recommended!
I think these are great for the price they give you. John Mayer uses these picks and hes one of my favorite guitarist so I am sticking with these.
I've used these picks for years with great results. If you've never used this stile picks you won't be sorry.
In a fit of boredom or curiosity, I decided that I would check out some the other picks out there.  After spending too much money for various brands of picks, including every model of the DAVA picks, I came back home to Dunlop Tortex green.  They stil play great, sound great against steel strings, and last a long time.
These will pluck Guitar and Bass strings decently. If you want one set to cover both applications, this is a good choice.
I like it.  Grip is good and the thickness is just right for me.  I wish the tip was sharper but it is good as is
Tortex is great i really like their picks there may be better but these have fit the bill i prefer the yellow ones they are a little thinner
The thickness of the pick you use is a matter of personal preference. For my style, the .60 Dunlop Tortex is perfect.  The surface is matte and not too slick.  I don't think I have ever worn one down to being unusable; they seem to last forever (or until they're lost).  I've tried other brands and picks made of other materials, but I always come back to these. I'll probably be buried with one in my hand!
i ordered one pack of these and got an entire box!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! either way the picks are great although i would suggest the Jazz picks over these
I always keep a lot of these on hand.  These are the only picks I use when playing my acoustic guitars (strumming style & vocals).  Since I play for several hours nearly every day I have a tendency to go through a lot of picks.  These definitely last longer for me than other brands (similar weight) that I have used.  For example, I can &#34;round-off&#34; the end off a Musician's Gear pick or a Fender pick in about an hour or so of playing and seem to get much more mileage out of these picks.  The weight is great for my style of playing.  They seem more durable than other brands.  They're inexpensive and since I play a lot of hours I always keep lots of these on hand.  I love 'em, use them daily, and rely on them !!!
I love the Tortex .50mm picks (red).  I have one that's over 4 years old and still going strong!  Yes, the turtle and writing eventually get rubbed off, but they never leave black residue on the pick or the strings.  I use the red, yellow, and orange Tortex's exclusively for practice and performance (I'm a church worship leader).  My highest recommendation.
I love these picks for playing my acoustic. They give such a nice, crisp tone and the perfect amount of flex for playing acoustic. For me I prefer a slightly thicker pick for playing electric, probably a .70 or .80 but I still like the tortex picks for that as well. And these picks are inexpensive enough that you can keep an endless supply.
These guitar picks are just the best. Simply put. They are easy to grip onto, even when your hands are sweaty from rocking out all day. Highly recommended. I will never use any other guitar pick other than a Dunlop Tortex. I use the green 88mm picks, and also the orange 60mm ones. I recommend you buy both the green picks and orange picks. Great for beginners or the pros.
I enjoyed this set very much due to the variety of picks, as it was interesting to try different models. Dunlop picks are great!
As a kid I learned to play the trombone proficiently, but my heart wasn't really in it, so I took up the guitar, which I love. I played for several years but stopped playing for lack of time. I recently started playing again and was looking for the perfect pick for classic rock (I have an old Ibanez and a Les Paul Custom) and have tried several picks in that quest. There are several I have liked (and several that I haven't) but thus far my favorite is the 1.0mm Tortex (blue) picks. They have a very nice, almost powdery, matte feel that minimizes slippage and they just don't break, though the 1.0s are fairly stiff. Depending on what you are playing there are various thicknesses available, and most people will find something suitable for their personal preferences. I won't say that I will never try anything else, but thus far I find myself picking up my 1.0 Tortex more than other picks.
I don't seem to drop these at all as compared to other picks I have used in the past that just seemed to slip....
I absolutely love the feel of these guitar picks! They are so grippy, I haven't broken a single one yet, they stand out from all of the other junk in my studio, so it's hard to loose them, but I still do. If you have like a child, nephew, niece, sibling, or parent that plays guitar or bass you can't go wrong with getting these for them, or if you are a guitarist just playing the cheap little Fender picks that break if you strum a chord, and if you are lucky enough not to break them, they just slip out of your hands while you're playing. They are a little thin for rhythm playing however, and I recommend the .88 mm picks for that.
my favorite picks. Can't go wrong with tortex. the only habit I have with picks if just chewing on them and destroying them so I have to buy like a ton of them
i've used pick when i play most of time and i used white color thinnest one. i like to use thin ones because i play strumming most of time and this one works perfect. very easy to grip and last long. one thing to point out is that print on pick fades away very quickly but i do not mind. highly recommand this for anyone needs pick!
These are such comfortable picks... I love the texture on them, which makes them easy to hold without being distractingly aggressive like some of the other picks' textures. This is subtle yet effective. My favorite pick now.
They feel very nice with a soft touch finish on them. Fair priced and I love the color of the green ones. I like the .88 mm because its just the right mix of medium and hard; great for someone looking to play blues or rock. Cheap and easy to use, can't beat these picks!
Great picks, buy it. This pick, rocks for me, im a fan of dunlop for many years and all there products are amazing.
I have always used tortex picks. I like them a lot and they last forever (almost :)these were a little thick for my tastes. The red ones are a little thinner and give better action for strumming and also for fast alternate picking patterns.If you like a medium thick pick though, these are rockin.
This is the pick I learned to play with.Great feel, doesn't slip in sweaty fingers.Good tone, you can get plenty of use from one pick, as they hold up very well!
good deal.
