I am trying to learn to play violin, but was having difficulty finding the proper fingering for the notes. This has been very helpful for me to check finger position. I will be removing it when I can consistently find the proper placing for my fingers. This has also help me in tuning the violin.
Don't Fret Position Indicator for 4/4 Violin or 14&#34; Viola is very helpful tool, especially for beginners. If you start to learn violin - buy it, it will make your study much prettier.
I had thin cut strips of duct tape on my fretboard before and then i saw this, not only is it alot more visually appealing but its more accurate aswell
This item was purchased because I'm doing self-teaching on the fiddle.  I figured it would be a good idea to have this to train my fingers while I'm learning.  Since I'm used to fretted instruments this helps me visualize where my fingers should go.  I like that it has the different colors for the different finger positions.  I also like that it has perferations along the template so you can put as much or as little of the indicator on the fingerboard as you want.It did take some measuring to get this in place.  I had to be very careful to put it on squarely.  The closer I got to the bridge the more difficult it got and it was a little out of line, but not so much that it would affect how to use the template.One things I had to deal with was to make sure I had a MM measuring devise.  The bridge of the violin had to be 325 mm from the nut.  It took some doing, but I was finally able to get the bridge in the correct position in order to make sure the fred indicator would give me the correct notes.
Good for any beginner, but consultation with a teacher, if you have one, is recommended.  For ham fisted persons, positioning is not easy; for lossening strings, proper bridge resetting, and exact measuring of string length from the nut to the bridge is required.  Measuring requires a hard ruler with a full 330 milimeters (325 required) - bet you don't have one - or a technician's measuring tape and confident measuring skill.  Measuring is best with a cooperative assistant.  Bridge distance can be first set by good measurement and tightening the D string to hold the bridge position, measurement check, tightening the A string, measurement check, removal of the backing material and good positioning of the guide while eliminating the bubbles followed by tightening the 1st and 4th strings and tuning the instrument. Do it!  You'll appreciate your instrument a lot more than it takes to just pick it up and start practicing.  If you ain't intelligent, Good Luck!  You'd best be served with dot stickers.
