I was worried about dropping my guitar on my foot, or the floor. The strap wouldn't hold my guitar any longer. I wanted something cheap, something that don't require to remove the buttons by unscrewing it, I was worried about damaging my guitar. So I decided to get this strap lock, it rocks and it works perfectly.
I've used a few different strap lock systems and this is by far my favorite design (not to mention the most affordable which must be due to its simplicity).  To use these, you put your strap on your guitar (as usual) then put the locks on.  Rotate the smaller piece until the holes line up then slide the lock on above the strap.  Once the lock has passed the head of the guitar's strap button, rotate the smaller piece again until the holes do not line up (close position) which should be about 180 degrees from open position.  Very simple and works very well.I have not used any lock system that's perfect.  Every one that I've used failed at one point or another (came off unexpectedly).  These work exceptionally well.  What I like about this design is that it doesn't require any modifications on the guitar or the strap.  You can use the strap you like without adding anything to it and you don't have to replace the guitar's existing strap buttons.But they do stick out a bit (to keep the strap from sliding off) so if you're concerned about looks, you might want to try another system that's more discreet.  Also, I tend to use thinner leather straps that have thinner ends.  These will likely not work very well with thicker straps that tend to take up most of the height of most strap buttons.
The strap locks do work... But they are kind of a pain. They are fairly large, and when I installed the second one, the pieces kept coming apart. They go back together easily, but I had to install one piece at a time.The strap lock required some effort to install on a thick leather strap, I really had to squeeze it into place.It feels safe and secure.
does not work for all guitars.  one of my guitars has a more rounded head and it does not fit over that anyway I have tried. though with the arrow shaped holders it works as it should
every single guitarist that's plays live or even just practices standing up at home has that worry &#34;is my guitar gonna cut lose for my strap and fall down to the floor?&#34; well, there little fellows are a solution, they work just fine, and i think they are reliable. wish they were made it such a way that the securing mechanism were stronger. but i mean, good price, no need to change the guitar's built in strap buttons... 100% recommended... also, i read a review 'bout it not fitting some guy's lp... well obviously, that depends on the strap... but it use these strap locks on my lp standard 1959 vos, and they fit just fine (use it with a gibson asfb-blk strap).
It's an ok product for the price but they are weak and with a very small amount of force they will pop off.
I'm using this with an Ovation Balladeer. A guitar with a rounded back that demands you use it with a guitar strap at all times. My guitar strap is over 50 years old, circa 1967, so the leather is a bit worn and it had a tendency to slide off the strap holders on the guitar at the most inopportune times.With these strap loks, the strap never comes off. I leave it on when  I put the guitar in the case, and they are there and waiting when I get it back out. I've had it on for 2 and a half months now, with no problems. The hardest part was putting them on, which really wasn't hard at all, just took a moment to understand the mechanics of the mechanism and voila' Bob's your uncle!!Recommend these for anyone who needs to keep their guitar strapped and ready for action. They are plastic and will wear out someday, I'll buy another pair then.
I've read where people are using bottle caps instead of these. My guitar is more valuable to me than that I suppose, because I'm not trusting that my expensive gitty won't hit the floor. I mean you pay for a quality instrument right? Why on earth would you skimp on keeping it safe? I'm sorry but that's just idiocy in action. This isn't 1960, get an upgrade already. I play standing up 95% of the time, so these are a necessity. I have had these separate on me when taking them off hastily, but all except one snapped right back together. When I first started playing, I had a brand new (to me) guitar hit the floor and the neck break because I didn't use them. That's something that should only happen once in your life, if at all. The only complaint I have is whatever happened to the round ones? They were a bit more appealing to the eye and do the same thing just as well.
Low cost strap lock that works on most Guitars buttons. It comes two in a package. I used one on four of my Guitars, but had to install a smaller button on one Guitar. This design works best for me. Love it!
I purchased these as well as the Jim Dunlop 7000 locks.  I recommend the 7000 model.  They both work the same way and are made pretty much the same way, but these are just to big and clumsy.  The 7000 model does the same and doesn't take as much space.  You will need the straps to either be thin at the ends or your strap buttons/pegs to have enough room for the strap and then these units.  This is true for either one of the models.  I have a regular nylon 2&#34; Levy strap and these two models (7000 and 7007SI) work well, but I prefer the smaller, rounder model (7000).
They only fit if you have enough room in your strap button, if not they will just pop right out. I threw mine away.
My rhythm guitar player recently dropped and broke his SG because of no strap locks. I bought him a set of these. I use them because unless you standardize you need a separate strap for every set of locks. This eliminates that issue and is short money next to a guitar repair.
I bought two sets, this is a great why if to keep your strap on your guitar, if you still what to keep everything stock!
I even called Dunlop to see if these lok strap systems would work for an electric acoustic.  The guy at Dunlop told me "oh yes, they have been specifically designed to work with electric acoustic".  That is NOT the case.  I purchased multiple units, and it will cost me more to return to Amazon than it's worth.  But basically I know have hunks of plastic that I could use to make a sculpture!Because of the bottom pin being the plug in for electric pick up, the thickness causes a problem and this plastic do hickey will not fit.If anyone out there has a solution for securing the strap, please reply to this feedback.What really frosts me is that I called Dunlop and apparently their customer service folks don't know their products well enough to be recommending product.  It's called, TRAIN your people!!!
I read the reviews here on Amazon and was kind of turned off of buying it at first. Eventually I went ahead and sprung for it since it wasn't expensive. I only needed one, and expected the package to come with just one, but it has two locks so that was a pleasant surprise. I've had them for 2-3 months now and they haven't failed me yet. They keep the strap in place just fine and are fairly sturdy for plastic pieces. Really helped a lot because my strap would keep slipping off the knob and I had to use my ninja skills to get the guitar before it hit the floor. The only complaint I have is that they fit a bit tight with my strap (though it could be my nylon strap is just a bit too thick) and they are an EXTREMELY snug fit which makes me kinda nervous. However, I keep them as tight as I can while still allowing them to rotate a bit so everything is fine so far. Not sure why the other reviews were so negative, but I have no complaints.
Hard to believe this was so bad. I have a Planet Waves locking guitar strap, which is a dream, and thought this would allow me to lock a regular strap. However, it is so thick that it can't really fit on a regular guitar strap pin with a strap, and when I tried to lock it, the two pieces came apart. Go with the Planet Waves Lock Straps.
