Its very useful. Looks really nice when you have an electric or acoustic on the stand. very durable as well.
Went shopping at the local music store for a guitar case, too expensive.  Went to Amazon found a great case, great price and free stand.
Great value.  Works great.  Easy assembly.  Must fully expand base before you set guitar in it
It arrived in a small package with 3 main pieces in it (the base, the bottom fork and the top fork) and it didn't take much assembly to put it together.  It does a great job holding the guitar upright and makes it look a lot nicer as well.  I will probably buy a couple more of these.The only downside I can see so far is that the foam padding is rather thin.  I hope this doesn't eventually have a hole wear through it, but over time I could see it happening.  I suppose by that time I could find some replacement foam and fix it myself though.
This stand is made of quality products.  It cradles my guitar perfectly and is angled just right.  This is our second one as we both have guitars. Worth every penny.
I ordered this product on a Thursday and received it in the mail the following Tuesday. Came very well packaged and with all the pieces. I was very easy to assembly and looks great! For the price, you really can't go wrong with this guitar stand. Works great for either an electric or acoustic guitar. The added strap on the front ensures that your guitar won't fall off. Padding on the stand also ensures that your guitar stays protected. Great stand for the price!!!
I bought a couple to replace some of my old rusty chrome stands and was skeptical at first.  I have several bass guitars and they are very stable and very economical.  Have bought several more.
Is a good stand. Relatively small but is a secure. The locking top is a good feature as well. Id recommend this over the larger tubular type.
I feared that this stand was not big enough for my guitarr&oacute;n which is at least as big as, but much thicker than, a cello. But its design appeared amenable to some home-modification that might make it work, so at the price I took a chance and bought it. Well, the back of my guitarr&oacute;n bulges out like a blowfish, so the neck could not lay back into the upper fork, but it turned out that when this stand is fully extended, my guitarr&oacute;n's body is very gently clamped between the upper and lower forks, like they were made for that. No modifications needed, not even bending.Some reviewers have said that the slightest bump will knock this stand over, but I suspect that none of those reviewers had all three legs COMPLETELY open and therefore extended to its widest base. If you don't really LOOK closely as you open the legs, you'll think you've reached the stop before the legs are fully open. I didn't have it fully open at first, and it was a just a bit too easy to push over, in my view, but still acceptable. When I discovered that I still had to open all three legs a bit more, I retried it and it was much more steady. That last 1/4" (6.3mm) of movement on each leg was worth 100% improvement. The stand is fully as steady as I had hoped it possibly could be, especially given the price. Amazing.Anyway, I gigged with this stand today and had no problems at all. I even like the way it appears to physically clamp down my guitarr&oacute;n since it seemed to discourage itchy fingers from trying to pick it up while I was on break.
I purchased this along with a new guitar for my daughter. The item works fine. It is not overly strong or stable, but the prices was right.
This seems to be a nice, rugged stand.  Much better than the one I received with a guitar I ordered.  It went together fast and is well padded.  It cradles my guitar well and seems to be solid.  I'm not sure how much I will use it now I have discovered guitar wall hangers, or string swings.  I prefer hanging them on the wall and not having them on the floor in the way, just my preference.I suppose these would be good for mic night or doing a gig, but I don't expect that will ever be something I do unless I get a lot better than I am now.  I still suck....but I'm having fun and trying.
This is a very well-built stand. Looks good too. It does its job well and you can definitely be sure that it will last quite long. Highly recommended. Cheers!
Great stand, durable, folds down nicely and really does the job!  I keep one at home and just ordered another one for school.
Not a whole lot to say about it. Quality materials. Works well. Love to keep my Taylor on it, but had to re-case the guitar during our low humidity days.
would buy again, works great, built good, steady, strong, I bought 5 of these total from diff. dealers, all do great
serves the purpose.I NEEDED A STAND AT HOME AND THIS DOES JUST FINE.I LIKED THE PRICE. I WOULD PREFER THE CRADLE NOT TO SWIVEL, BUT I AM HAPPY.
The stand arrived very quickly.  Came in a few pieces but took all of about 45 seconds to put it together.  the neck is adjustable which will allow it to hold multiple sized guitar.  Excellent product.
It's nice for my son to be able to stand his five string bass up in his room on display, while still having it be kept safe.  It helps him remember to practice when he sees it.
Works like its supposed to. No complaints at all for the price. I will be buying more in the future.
I used to just have my electric guitar on the chair behind the amplifier. Now with this stand it sits front and center next to my computer. It really makes the guitar stand out. It was relatively easy to assemble with just one person doing it. I recommend this product. Works as advertised and looks sturdy like it will last a long time.
Last week I ordered a Guardian Electric Guitar Stand (A-Shape, Black) Price: $10.99 from Amazon based on an average 4-star review.  I read the reviews first and placed the order, for a cheap, collapsible guitar stand for my electric guitars and bass.  When I got the stand and opened it for the first time and tried to put my Fender Jazz bass on it - lol - no way.  Worthless, and it's now holding my son's 3/4 size classical guitar (barely).Undaunted, I ordered this Musician's Gear stand.  Less expensive than the Guardian, it holds my Gibson CS-356 Custom with no problem and I would trust it with any and all of my electric guitars or basses.  The bottom piece that supports the body of the guitar rotates, and that's a little strange (hence 4 stars instead of 5), but with a little care you can put a guitar into it and remove it with little or no attention to placement. For $8, you can't beat it.JM Tepper
It is a guitar stand... does what it is built to do... good buy for the cost... I would purchase again.
My guitar, just Love it! This stand is exactly what I hoped it would be. It is all I want or need from a stand.
I have bought three of these. I managed to break one of them where the cradle attaches to the stand. The connection could be stronger, but it was my fault that I broke it. They do a good job of holding my guitars and they look nice.
It works well I mean it doesn't crumble apart or anything. I use a Fender so its not as much of a worry but I have had one and seen other Les Pauls fall over sideways or get bumped into, they then fall and break the headstock. That's why I don't use them anymore.
I was a bit hesitant to buy a guitar stand for only 10 bucks but glad I did.This stand is VERY sturdy, well made & durable.Foam padded everywhere guitar touches!! Can be folded for easy transport!! Rubber strap on neck rest ensures guitar will stay put if bumped hard!!Pleasently surprised at the quality of this stand!!Highly recommended, very happy with purchase!!Joe
For the price it serves as a good resting place for the guitar when not being played.  Well designed and useful.
Its a nice stand....cheap, but should suffice. I wouldnt use it for a real valuable guitar but for a kick around gigging stand it should be fine.
great stand well made safe for ur guitar and practical w safety cord on top . worth getting it. this is one of the better stands out there cuz its well made and great cushined for ur guitar,, and with a great price,
Works great as a stand for the Elec.Guitar. Work good in corners. And I like it For starting out learning.
This is a very well made guitar stand. it is stury and strong and light wieght all at the same time. I bought this stand for my sons first guitar but I may have to order myself one as well. for the price this stand just can't be bet.
This seems to have been a rare case but still, i had my ukulele on is and it snapped, I'm worried what might happen with a guitar or a bass
This guitar stand was very inexpensive and very easy to assemble.  I have no complaints about this stand at all
Comes unassembled but is a no brainer to connect the 2 pieces to the frame. works well more stable than my 14 dollar stand.
I was amazed how much better this stand was then the one I had just bought at Guitar Center for the same price. I thought they would be the same but they were not. This stand is built much better.
I purchased this stand for my electric guitar and used it for a couple of weeks before the weak weld broke on the neck holder at the top when I placed my guitar in it. Upon close inspection, the weld was very poor and barely attached the neck holder to the upright tube. The tubing is made from very thin round steel tubing that is maybe .025&#34; wall, so don't expect it to take much abuse before it snaps off- even if it is welded better than mine was. Just folding the legs repeatedly back and forth will likely cause it to break or pop out one of light duty aluminum rivets on the legs- it is literally that thin of metal tubing.For $10-11 I did not expect perfection, so to it's credit- it is foam covered where it needs to be and has never scratched my guitars.This stand does have one other good quality- it is CHEAP! Since it was less that $11, I cannot see going through the hassle of returning it. I was able to carefully weld mine back together- but this would probably not be an option for most. The stand might work fine if you don't fold it up regularly and if you leave it set up- but If you need portability and durability- I would definitely purchase a better quality stand.
I actually own an even dozen of these.  I've never had any issues with them marring the finish on my acoustic guitars.  They work great & you can't beat the price.  I think I paid around $4.95 for most of the ones I purchased.  Although these are great & I will continue to use them as needed (e.g., when playing), I just replaced these today with Swing String Wall Hangers.  I freed-up so much of my floor space by moving 12 guitars to the wall that I was actually excited about all the free space!!!
Wrestling the guitar in and out of the case when you want to practice is inconvenient.  This stand allow for a reasonably safe place to store a guitar when it is out of the case.  It even has a band across the neck of the guitar to keep it in the rack. I like it as a safe stoage place as well as the ease it offers to grab my guitar and practice for a few minutes.  It is a reasonably well made rack at a very good price.  It is much safer to have my guitar in this rack than laying about in the house waiting for someone to step on my guitar.update: January 7, 2013...  liked the first one so much I got two more for my other two guitars.  I love being able to pick up one of the three and do a few licks.  Each one is different and now they are all three out of the their cases and at my fingertips.  The price is right and they keep them safely stored.
this is a great product. very light, very sturdy and at a low price.  well worth the investment.
This is really a no frills stand, except the addition of a neck guard strap, which is a nice touch. It is adjustable for different size guitars and quite stable. There's really not a lot more to say about it, except that, at $7.95, i dont see how you could possibly be disappointed. I would certainly not spend 20 or 30 dollars on a stand when i could buy one of these.
I am very pleased with the quality of this stand. It is actually better than my other two and costs a lot less. It shipped on time and the packing was good.
This stand really is pretty tough. I have carries it in my gig bag and it has been thrown around and stepped on etc.... Still works great.
There isn't much to get excited about in a guitar stand, however, it does it's job and the price was right. I purchased four and they were all delivered on time. Each adjusted to, and held, its guitar securely. I have found the stand to be very stable. The welds seem secure ad the materiel heavy enough to do the job. My music teacher has a similar stand which cost him 4x as much. It's does not appear to be of better quality.
I've used this stand for about two years now and it held up great. It does what it's supposed to do and for the price it's one of the best  thank you  and guess what  in  amazone  you can find it much cheaper than music store
Seems like a good and sturdy stand for the money, my banjo likes it.  It was shipped quickly and in good shape, thanks!
A good moderately priced guitar stand.I had concerns over the foam rubber cushions affecting the finish on my guitar and as a result I replaced them with standard inexpensive vinyl tubing purchased from the local hardware store.A good moderately priced guitar stand. I would recommend purchasing it.
A inexpensive guitar stand that was easy to assemble (1 minute) and holds up well. Very pleased with this purchase.
I use this stand to put my acoustic guitar on it. A day doesn't go by where the stand is not in use.
Just finished setting it up. Works perfect. Stout, stable, and even looks good. It's holding a Gibson Les Paul, so it has to be trustworthy! Great price. Wayne
I was a little unsure when I was unpacking this stand as the actual rack swings side to side. When I put my guitar on it, it was fine, it held perfectly. This cradles my guitar nicely. I just wish that it was like the one in the picture and was straight. It actually reclines back fairly far. Well, father than it looks like it would in the pics. I will recommend this to anybody in my life who ends up needing a guitar rack in the future.
One of the best stands in the industry!  Fits any guitar, banjo, or even a cello. Good construction and easy to put together.How can you beat that!
I got 2 of these for my Electric guitars.  They do indeed work, and the stand legs are decent.  DO be careful when un-folding as pinching of skin would be very easy.  The guitar body cradle is very loose and spins around real easy.  The guitar does fit on it well and the neck cradle works well.  I have had no problem with the foam cushion so far (I have modern finishes on my guitars  I don't think I can put my guitars in their gig bags on these stands which is a bit disappointing.  My Epiphone LP seems a bit more tippy on the stand than the Turser Strat knockoff, but that is more the design of the guitar than the stands fault.  I also like the little rubber grommet keepers they include. All in all these aren't bad.  Not quite perfect- but a good value for the money.
Good little stand to hold your guitars.  They function well and are inexpensive.  The only downsides are that they are a bit light, best to place them near a wall, just in case you bump them. Also, it seems that every one that I have ordered (Here and MF) have had the foam a bit crushed up simply could be the packaging from the manufacturer though. Do not use these (or any other foam for that matter) on Nitro finishes.  Good product at a Great price.
does its job just fine. simple and kind of cheap looking and its hard to balance if you have it on a rug (and not even a thick rug...I have a thin rug and it still is unbalanced, but hey, its not really meant for rugs so I can't complain)
I now have two of these (really wish now I had ordered more at the time before the slight price increase -kicks self-) and all I can say - you simply can't beat it.  I also have a Hercules Tri-stand (10x more expensive than this one), and between the two, gotta admit, the only major advantage my tri-stand has is saving space (which actually is a huge consideration for me).  I honestly don't know why other reviewers have had such a hard time with balance as the two Musician's Gear Tubular Guitar Stands I currently own never once have given me an issue (aside from bodily running INTO the thing), and they have held/do hold a variety: Guitars of various styles, Banjos (both open back and BG resonator), Mandolas, anything with a long neck. All in all, unless there is some specialized stand need, I would first come to Musician's Gear.
It's cheap, light, simple, and does its job. Not sure what else you could want out of it. I'm more than happy with it but just don't know what else to add. It simply works. Bought two of them about a year ago, and I'm still happy with them.
I like that this is fairly light.  It works as expected and has not given me any problems.  I recommend this item.
