Works as advertised for my purpose. It is in front of a computer speaker set (with woofer) for use on a Vizio TV as a sound system.Works fine. I have other Behringer gear and it always works.
I bought this to connect a Technics TT with an Audio Technica cartridge to my newer Onkyo receiver with no phono input. The unit did work but I had to turn the volume to 80 (out of 100) to get any reasonable volume. In addition I have an Onkyo M3040 connected to the receiver that I use for as a zone 2 amplifier. With this preamp I am getting some serious spikes into the amp. They are not audible but the lights would dim and the volume from the zone 2 speakers would drop. I do not have this problem with any other source so it appears to be some signal from this preamp.This unit may work perfectly fine with a Behringer mixer but for my use it doesn't meet my needs at all. I am returning it.
This is a well assembled and packaged unit, designed to a price. So certain compromises have been necessary.Compromises such as a single-supply wall wart - partly an advantage to get the AC out of the amplifier itself - and very basic circuit, with inexpensive parts. The preamp supports only moving magnet cartridges, and has no provision for load adjustments or the like.On the other hand it works well, is packaged nicely, and serves its purpose for folks who are not audiophiles or fussy, but want a basic phono/RIAA amp for their turntable to connect to line inputs. Also, by avoiding the &ldquo;all-in-one&rdquo; tendency of units that include inexpensive D/A converters and such for USB output, this is almost certainly cleaner for the analog-only uses for which it is suited.The unit is also very &ldquo;hackable&rdquo; if you'd like to upgrade things like capacitors, resistors, or the opamps. Or use a nicer external power supply - the first thing I'd upgrade. Lastly, if you know the ideal capacitive load for your cartridge, and the capacitance of your phono cables, you can adjust the loading on the inputs accordingly.Recommended if your budget is limited.
Behringer has done it again. The PP400 Ultra-Compact Phono Preamp is exactly what it looks like:It's ultra-compact. It takes up a very negligible amount of space. It will sit comfortably between a turntable and another component.In its compactness, though, it does NOT sacrifice usability. It has no trouble amplifying a turntable's signal to line level. Before buying a preamp, amp could only boost my turntable to a 'easy listening' level. The noise was evident in the signal due to far too much amplification being necessary. With the help of this preamp, my amp no longer acts as a crutch and I can comfortably listen to music without my amp's 'I'm turned up to 11 and struggling' noise.The build quality is far superior than anything else at this price point. It's not cheap plastic like many companies would try to sell, the entire enclosure is fairly thick metal. This makes for a nice interference shield and overall pleasing look. It also features a ground terminal which will hook up to many turntables and amps to further reduce interference.Unfortunately, there is no option to buy it in black. Judging from the accessible screws on the side, though, it would be a small task to take apart the enclosure and paint it myself if I wanted.This preamp also does not have a power switch, but this is not much of an issue. It's one small complaint on an otherwise amazing product.Summary:If you need a preamp, buy this one. It has the same build quality and performance as much more expensive preamps.
I wanted to wait till I got another phono preamp before I wrote this review. I did get this from AmazonTC 754 BLACK Phono Preamplifier SwitchableI really needed more aux inputs for cd etc. But right away I noticed my first impression that it sounds overly bright. The next issue is a real problem but it might not be with others. I am using a vintage Garrard turntable. The rca jacks work fine with all other amps etc except this little preamp. They are tight but do not make good contact and I need to mess with them. This problem is gone with the new preamp. Overall it is a good little unit and you may not have the same issues. If you can afford more or need more inputs you might want to look else where. It does sound ok other than being a little bright. It does do what is supposed to do.
I have been using this Pre-amp for a year and it has been great.  After I figured out that you have to attach a ground cable to the record player it installed very easily just plug it in and it plays!  I have not noticed any excess heat or other problems even though I keep it inside of my closed entertainment stand.
