This is a pretty nifty item and it does just what it says very easily.  Get one of these and you'll soon have guitar picks coming out of your ears.  My only issue is that a pick punched from, say, an old credit card isn't going to replace my favorite picks.  It's a great idea, it's executed very well, no issues with the product itself, but I find that it's not incredibly useful to me.If you're not particularly picky (no pun intended) then one of these will supply you with picks for a lifetime.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She thought it would be neat to make picks from different materials. She has used it many times using things such as old ID cards, plastic laminates, and expired credit cards. In all cases it cut a perfect guitar pick.
As a guitarist, I lose and find picks everywhere. I hate buying them because I know they are somewhere in my house but I just can't find them. With this, I take all my old credit cards, student ID cards, playing cards, etc. and make my own. I now have an unlimited pick supply and they are all unique to me. It rocks, pun intended.Bottom Line: Every guitarist should have one. No excuses.
This is a wonderful item that really works! Arrived fast! Having a great time making picks out of old credit and gift cards! This makes a great gift item!
I'm a pro musician and music teacher. These are the original pick punches, by the company from the guy who invented them... At least that's what it says on his website. The others are knockoffs.  They probably all work about the same, and they're all about the same price now, so why not support the dude who invented them. He's really into making picks, and has some pretty cool ideas and instructions on his website. I'm pretty crafty, and really like this. Bummed about rough edges? Buy a fine sanding sponge at any hardware store, sand the edges for a few seconds, and be done with it. He also sells sheets of plastic from his website, at quite good prices, and ink for stamping them. I got a cheap rubber stamp made with my URL for about $10 online, and make my own "business card" picks now. I also found some cool sheets of celluloid on eBay, it's not easy to find the right stuff but the picks I make now are just as good as any you would purchase, and the cost is way less for personalized pics anyway. If you need hundreds or thousands of picks made, well then you're better off ordering them, but I have fun making 10 or 20 of them at a time to hand out to potential students and clients. Oh yeah, I can still recycle old cards and stuff too, my students like bringing them in and making their own picks as well. Everybody knows that picks just evaporate when you lose them anyway, what could possibly be greener?
I've had one of these for about 2 years now.  I've made 100's of picks out of old credit cards, gift cards, club cards, plastic sheets, plastic packaging well you get the idea.  THis is fun and easy to do.  I have even sold the picks at garage sales (25 cents each).  My favorite cards to use are the iTunes gift cards (careful cause some of the iTunes cards are cardstock).  They most replicate a Fender Med. pick.  Most credit cards are a bit thicker (somewhere between a Fender Med. and Heavy).  THey work well also (the edges do come out a little rough but I use an old emery board to clean them up quickly and easily).  I use the picks on both accostic and electric guitars with good results.  The best part is I am NEVER without a pick (even when people accidentally walk off with one.)  I do get funny looks at the stores when I ask for the used gift cards back (until I explain what I do with them- then the clerks are like &#34;wow thats so cool&#34;).  On average I can get 5 picks from a credit card (unless I'm going for a particular part of the card with a design on it).  It takes a little thought to get the most out of the cards- but seeing as they are basically free I don't mind &#34;wasting&#34; parts if I want a particular image.  Just a word of caution on things like DVDs or CDs- they are really too thick and tend to shatter- not worth the effort (I tried an old aol cd and only got one usable pick out of 8 punches)
This amazing punch can be used to completely obliterate the numbers, and name on an old card, and give guitar picks at the same time. The edges are a little rough, but it is a punch not a precision cutter. One of those soft nail sticks that the ladies carry around work very well to get the rough edges removed.
