These are nickel round wound strings which are on the bright side of the spectrum. Designed to fit the general use guitarist they do the job. You do get a bit of finger noise moving along the string which is normal for this type of wind. Being 10's they are in the middle between the lighter strings which are easier to bend and the heavier strings which are where the tone is. I love the color coding on these which makes it easier to get the right string in the right hole unless of course you are color blind and there is no help for that. They are made in the USA which is bonus points and reason enough to buy them right there, put America to work. Get to picking.
I already use the EXL111 as my go-to electric string and tried these as part of the Vine program.  I have to say I really couldn't feel the difference.  From what I can see the only real difference in this balanced set is that the D string gauge is .25, whereas the same string in the EXL111 set is .24.  Since the string construction and plating is the same, I have to assume these will have the same longevity. I guess as long as both are still available (EXL111 being phased out?) i will be selecting solely on price.  Either way you can't go wrong as D'Addario makes a fine product at a reasonable price.
At first, I wasn't sure what to expect from these D'Addario "Balanced Tension" strings. D'Addario makes some pretty strong claims for these strings, including "greater dynamic control and a more consistent feel between strings for evenly balanced bending, strumming, fretting, picking, plucking and slapping".I can't really speak to those claims; all I can tell you is these are darn good strings, sound great, feel great. I recommend them highly.
I'm certainly not the musician in the family and honestly know nothing about guitar strings.  I got these for my husband, the aficionado guitar player in the family!  He said these are excellent quality strings and was very happy with the product.  So they come highly recommended from someone who has uttered a swear word or two over inferior strings in the past!  Highly recommended.
The D'Addario Balanced Tension strings are a good value, and worth slightly higher price. These are excellent strings, the type that a gigging musician would likely use on their guitar. They are inexpensive and sound great. For somebody that is a casual home musician, coated strings might be a better choice. The difference, somebody that plays a two or three hours every day, will wear out a set of strings long before corrosion sets in. Somebody that plays an hour or two twice a week will likely never wear out their strings and corrosion becomes the bigger problem.The big question for me, is the Balanced Tension worth a little extra money? It seems like yes they are. The strings are slightly easier to bend and feel just a little bit better. There isn't a huge difference. The direct comparison string is D'Addario EXL110, (D'Addario EXL110 Nickel Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Regular Light, 10-46), at roughly $3.50 a set, these are good solid strings at a bargain price. The EXL110BT strings are about $5.00 a set. If I were going through a set of strings every few days, the EXL110's would probably be a better idea. But if a set is going to last a week or two, the savings overall is pretty small, I would use the EXL110BT's.My personal preference is coated strings, I like Elixir strings a lot. The new D'Addario coated strings are fine, but they end up being about the same price as Elixir. I'll stick with what I know well.My 1981 Lucille did love these strings. They worked out just fine.On the packaging, I don't like what D'Addario has done. All the strings are in a single plastic package, I prefer individual paper envelopes. They loop two strings together and I hate that. When I'm stringing my guitar I like to work with one string at a time, and this silly double loop makes me leave one string opened up on the bench. Sometimes the strings get crossed over when unlooping them and it makes me mess with the strings for a while. They are trying to save packaging, and that is a good thing. But seriously, that little paper wouldn't kill anybody. I also don't care for the color coded rings on the strings. Lucille has an open bridge where I can see those electric colors. It is a small thing, but I don't like it. I prefer that the rings all be brass, one color. Yeah, I'm the only one that sees that problem. If I work one string at a time from an individual envelope, the color coding is not necessary.These are fine strings. They are a great price and provide a little bit easier bend.
I am impressed with d'addario's electric strings. Easy to adjust to, very light on my fingers and they're built to last. With a few adjustments to my amp settings, these strings are very dynamic in their tone quality from classic to hard rock styles. Any guitarist who plays electric can enjoy these strings, and they last a long time too.
Compared to the nickel wound XL light gauges I buy in the 3-set boxes, the "balanced tension" XL set amounts to slightly lighter D and A strings (.025/.026 and .034/.036 respectively, which I can feel, as well as a slightly thicker B string .0135/.013 which, frankly, I can't feel).The XLs are comparable in gauge to Ernie Ball Regular Slinky (yellow). But if you're used to Slinky's, as I was for many years, the nickel wounds feel noticeably coarser to the skin and took awhile to get used to. I love them now for blues, rock or funk, any kind of playing where you want to dig in a bit for tone - although I will say that for slide (especially when recording at relatively low volume) they don't give quite the same glassy-sounding undertone to my ears as steel wounds, something I happen to prefer.I put the XLs on an Squire Strat, which I like to bend strings on and the 5-position switch gives me a nice range of color to compare. Like the regular XLs, I noticed very little "new string zing" after giving them a good stretch. When my skin is dry indoors during the winter the nickels can feel rough at first but in warmer humid temps I sweat more and they get as slick as any steel wounds.I think the balanced tension is more a factor when playing chords than single lines and, for me, it's more of feel thing rather than something I hear (That doesn't make it any less significant to me - I've tossed brand new sets of strings and sold perfectly good guitars on the vague basis they didn't quite feel right).To tell the truth, when playing out I prefer an even heavier set than regular lights for tone, but at home when recording or just playing for myself I like the amount of resistance I get from the nickel wound XLs versus the Slinky's I used since I began playing as a kid. You have to work a little harder with the nickels for bends and intonation but I like the tone and feel overall and I think it's made me a more precise player.
I've used D'Addario strings for a long time (been playing 20+yrs) and have always been satisfied with their tone. The balanced tension brings a new element to the game of guitar in that these are suppossed to be mathmatically matched to have the perfect degree of tension. Do I fully understand how this works... nope, but they sure do sound good. Their feel is a little more "snappy" than regular XL's in my opinion and they have nice clarity as well. Their sound is bright, just like their XL cousins. I think it's more of a "feel" thing than a sound thing with these balanced tensioned strings. Now if they could just disect the dna of my guitars and match the tension of the strings with my instruments...All in all a great product that I recommend to any electric guitarist.
I've been using Slinky regular nickels for over 20 years on my electrics, and love them. I've tried various coated strings etc but always come back to Ernie for sound and value. But on my acoustics, it's been D'Addario J-16s since day one, and still is. Never had one bad set, out of over a hundred. I adore the sound and the reliability.So why have I never tried their e-git strings? Because the Slinkys are perfect. But I must say: so are these. I just put a set of 10's on one of my Strats, and they are as snappy yet not-too-bright as I could want. They really complement the single coil tones, especially the 2 and 4 out-of-phase positions, so if you're a Strat fan and love that tone, give these a shot.One thing that was odd but not a problem was how long these are. A few inches longer than most electric strings, in fact. No idea why, but if you have huge posts and like mega-wraps, here's your puppy. I only do a triple wrap max, so it's just more to cut, but hardly an issue.And no matter what the coated string fans say, those might stay clean longer,  but that brand-new-string ZING only lasts a few hours on any string, coated or not. So if you're recording and need maximum harmonics and overtones, or playing big gigs where tone is everything, I say stick with uncoated strings, and aside from Slinkys, these are the best I've played.
I still had the original strings on an Epiphone LP-100 guitar I bought last November. I know that's bad, but buying strings can be complicated (and overwhelming). It was nice to get these through Vine and try them out.There is a definite difference in the sound of the guitar now that the new strings are on. It sounds cleaner and brighter.I wish I'd changed the strings when I first started learning to play because these are much easier to play. Now it's not much of an issue, but it would have made a difference when I was breaking in my fingers those many months ago.I would definitely buy these again, especially because they are so inexpensive.
I've been playing D'Addario XLs in their standard  .010, .011 and .013 gauge sets for many years now, so I was curious to see how these new "balanced" sets would feel. I expected a more even feel across the fingerboard, but experienced something quite different- right off, the B string felt a lot stiffer.  Looking at the tension table D'Addario publishes it's clear why this is the case. In the traditional .01s, the B string has about 30% lower tension that the E and G. In these new sets, the B is at the same tension, which is to say it's under 40% more tension than the B in the traditional set. That's a significant increase.  If you're used to the lower tension, the "balanced" tension feels a lot stiffer at first.The higher tension string requires a different amount of compensation at the bridge, too, which means changing the setup- not easily done on a Telecaster, where changing the length of the B changes the length of the E as well. Being higher in tension, the new B should require more compensation, since it'll shift pitch even more when you depress/stretch it. Since my Tele is currently set up as close as I could get the E and B to perfect comnpensation, I didn't feel like playing with it.After playing a while, the set started to feel more natural to me. I don't think I'll be changing gauges on the Tele right away, as I have about a dozen .010s in stock as well as over a dozen .013s fro my archtop. But I may experiment a bit with the new gauges for my Epiphone Dot Custom, which I string with .011s. I'm wondering if the balanced sets will give me a more even string-to-string feel, and if so, it would be worth my effort to change over.
I'm always looking for the perfect electric guitar strings, as is evidenced by my drawer full of spare string sets that I felt failed me for one reason or another. A set of these came my way & as I had just gotten a 1966 Fender Jaguar I did what I always do when I get a new guitar - I restring it even though the strings were practically new. I could immediatly tell the difference in both feel & sound. The sound was crisper than the super slinkys that were on it & they felt good to my fingers. The only reason I took them off was because the Jag was for surf music & I wanted heavier gauge so I put these on my Tele, which was a match made in heaven. They sounded great but most telling is that after a month or so of heavy usage they still sound great. Reasonable price, great sound & long lasting. To me thats a perfect combo. Highly recommended!!!
I put these on a Parker.  Great that they have uniform tension.  Took a bit to get used to, but they are very playable.  vlues, rock, country.  Nice strings.
I generally use D'addario with my acoustic guitar only, but I decided to try it out on the electric and I am very satisfied. It has the same light feel as their acoustic product, but it can make all the sweet tones I want it to when hooked up to an amp. I'm not sure on how long it lasts because I only put them on the guitar a few days ago, but they seem just as perfect as they were when I put them on. I would recommend you try these strings on your guitar because they work for me.
Strung these up on my LP Goldtop with P-90's.D'Addario promises these strings to be "comprised of mathematically optimized string gauge combinations" that result in "greater dynamic control and a more consistent feel between strings."I dunno anything regarding the science behind this, but the main difference in gauge seems to be slightly thicker A and D strings compared to the regular set of D'Addario 10s they offer.  Its not a huge huge difference, but the strings are fairly unique in their feel and performance.For one thing, they're pretty stiff.  They bend, but not easily.  Maybe that's what they mean by "Balanced tension."  They're also a tad mellow for roundwound nickel coated 10s.  Not flatwound mellow, by any means, but not quite as bright as your regular set of 10s.  I do get a great rock tone out of them, mind you, but you may be taken aback at first by their slightly darker sound.  Personally, I like the tone I get out of them, they're big and warm without being dull sounding, but again, your preferences might differ.One thing that's GREAT about these strings is, once they're properly stretched, they stay in tune FOREVER!  Again, maybe this is part of the "balanced tension," and if so, good job D'Addario.I haven't had them on forever to really see how long they last, but they've been on for two weeks and sound just as good as day one.Who would these appeal to?  Well, if you like really light strings that bend easily, you're not going to like these.  If you're a rythm player who does long gigs, the tuning stability and big warm sound mean these are for you!
D'Addario strings are like the Kias of the string world. They make cheap products that cost a lot less but last a lot less time. These strings are OK...I've always been partial to Nickel wound (particularly semi-flatwound, but I digress). My typical strings are Elixirs, so I'm used to them lasting a long time. In this case, the strings sound good...like most nickel strings do. But they didn't last long at all before they started sounding dull and lifeless, and stopped keeping intonation accurately. So, like most D'Addario strings. So...they're not bad, but don't expect them to last like Elixirs do. You get what you pay for.
I have tried so many brands of guitar strings in the past 20 years. I just keep coming back to these. The sound isn't quite as bright as the phosphorus bronze, but it is more of a acoustic guitar sound, anyway. These are clear, high quality and come sealed in tight plastic so the strings aren't exposed to air until you open them. Because of that little "difference" they do stay clean much longer than the brands simply wrapped in paper. I just can't think of a single complaint.
The D'Addario EXL110BT Nickel Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Balanced Tension Regular Light are great! I've been a long time fan of D'Addario strings and these strings did not disappoint.They were very easy to string my Fender Strat with and stayed in tune a good long time. The strings had a good feel to them as well.Where I noticed the Balanced Tension the most was when I played chords. You know how you have tuned your guitar and it's tuned as well as it's going to be tuned but, when you strum that first chord something just doesn't sound right? You check the tuning and it's tuned alright but why isn't it sounding right?These strings gave a clear, clean sound when I strummed those chords. Bar Chords were terrific too. Impressive.I think I have some new favorite strings for my Strat!
