That guitar sounds magically beautiful for guitar of that level and cost. It is a great pleasure to jam on it around. Sound is like it's real big brother. Very very familiar.I suppose, it is the best choise for your kid! All hardware is Ok. Just give some days to tuners to get used to...
I've been interested in learning how to play the guitar for a long time, but the huge problem for me was finding something that was both affordable and made for smaller hands, as I'm rather petite.  Luckily for me, we found one of these secondhand (it needed minimal repairs)and it's just great.  I don't know anything about purchasing it new, but I can tell you that this is a great beginner's instrument for someone who has small hands.  I'll also note that it's even affordable while it's brand new.The notes are surprisingly clean-sounding coming from a guitar that's so low-priced. I'd definitely recommend this guitar to anyone who is interested in learning how to play but not interested enough to pay an arm and a leg for an instrument.
I was very impressed by this little guitar. The build quality seemed good and toggle and pods were noiseless.The only complaints I have is E string breaks often, which is a direct result of constant tuning fatiguing the strings.I feel the tuners are just not strong enough and the ratio is no adequate to keep in tune.Still a great guitar for a 5 to 10 year old.
The build quality could be better - ideally the nut needs to be replaced (the cut is a rush job) and the neck needs to be reset (there's a gap that indicates that the pocket wasn't completely cleaned out when it was put on) - but what do you expect for this price. It is however a playable instrument right out of the box and if you're willing to invest another $50 or so it can be a great starter guitar for a.young (smaller) player or a.nice travel instrument.
I bought this to replace my son's previous guitar that had broken from hard use. From initial unboxing it is clear that this has been made to a much better standard. The wood looks beautiful. All the metal parts look sturdy and durable.It sounds good, although as my son is a beginner I cannot judge just how good.Note that there is no guitar cable.For now I am very happy with this purchase as it looks better made than I expected.
ORIGINAL POSTING:My first Mini, purchased over a decade ago, was a bad investment. The four neck bolts continually came loose, no amount of tweaking could get the intonation right (Note: adults should probably play the Mini-Strat "tuned- up"...I play mine at F - Bb - Eb - G# - C - F...or, if they have large fingers, they should probably use a capo with standard tuning and heavier strings) so the string tension is similar to their full-sized guitars), the pick-up pole pieces didn't align with the strings, and the finish was uneven. It cost $99 and I figured I got less than what I paid for. It was clearly a toy and I sold it for $25 without regret.Three or four years ago I extensively played a "Hello Kitty" Mini owned by a friend. It cost her $149 and, after I tweaked the intonation and the string height a bit, it was a playable instrument. I figured she pretty much got what she paid for. A decent little 3/4-sized traveler.Recently, after reading that Fender had upped the build quality of their oriental Squier guitars, I again purchased a Mini. I couldn't be more pleased. Right out of the box, everything about the instrument was spot-on. The construction was rock solid, the neck was straight, the strings were correctly positioned, the intonation was exact, and the finish was flawless. It was, in two words, masterfully made. I figure I got at least $249 worth of guitar for $99. How cool is that?The sound of the current Mini is "classic Fender single-coil"...shimmering with bell-like overtones. The pickups are functional, if a bit thin sounding compared to the Seymour Duncans I have on my full-size Strat. The six-in-line enclosed tuners hold the light gauge strings without slipping. The neck is perfectly finished and fast. Because it's a 3/4-sized guitar, the first and second-fret string spacing might be too tight for adult players with large fingers. But for everyone else, including fortunate children, the current Mini is a sweet ride. And at its present "give away" street value, this has to be one of the most fantastic bargains in the musical kingdom! Bravo Fender!June, 2014 UPDATE:The mini has become my preferred, go-to electric. I now have one for jazz with a single Lace Hot Gold in the middle position with a custom pick guard from Chandler Music's Pickguard Heaven (see attached photo) and a very versatile one with a Lace Red, Silver, and Blue pickup set. Why? For the same reason John Lennon once owned a 3/4-sized guitar, I suppose. Obscure chords and finger patterns are easier on the hands because fingers have to span less distance. I believe the slight tonal inaccuracy of the 3/4 scale is offset by increased finger-placement accuracy. Try it and I think you'll like it!
I very recently bought this guitar for my young daughter based on the previous reviews.  She's joined the jazz band at her school and since she is smaller than the average 12 year old, she needed a smaller sized guitar.  It was packaged very well and it took a while just to get the guitar out of the packaging.  The only thing I have found so far that sort of disappointed me was that there were some dark stain blemishes on the white pick guard. Trying to get the stains off with a damp paper towel didn't work so I took a special soft, damp sponge made to remove stains and gently rubbed it over the spots.  They came off but the finish on the plastic pick guard is dulled where I had rubbed the stains off.  That sort of irked me.  However, it didn't seem to bother my daughter nearly as much as it did me.Despite the blemish episode, it fits her perfectly.  I tried to tune it using a clamp-on Snark tuner.  That didn't work at all for some reason so we went to Guitar Center and bought an electric guitar tuner which you plug the cord into from the guitar.  That really worked well to tune the guitar.  The tuning pegs (gears) were stiff and a bit hard to turn.  When I change the strings I will adjust them to make them easier to turn.  The strings the guitar comes with are very cheap so I'll need to change those out soon for a much better set, but they'll have to do for now.I plugged the guitar to my old Crate amp and it sounded pretty good.  The knobs on the front of the guitar turn well an did what they are supposed to do.  It's easy to control the tone and volume from the guitar without having to dicker much with the amp.  My daughter had a great time getting used to it.  She's a great classical guitarist (I teach classical guitar) so playing an electric guitar was a new experience for her.  My old Strat is just too big and heavy for her and this black one looks good (despite the dullness that only I can see) on her and she was awesome playing jazz guitar in her school concert the other night.  Since this guitar is so inexpensive and is just right for a smaller person, I really can't find anything major wrong to say about it.  I'm glad I bought it, just wish it didn't come with the stains.  It feels solid, well-constructed, and not very heavy.  I like playing it too!I've ordered a really good gig bag, new cord, a Pignose amp just for her and of course, a bunch of new electric guitar strings.  She'll find the small stuff in her stocking this Christmas!  I can't wait for us to do some mother and daughter electric guitar duets!!
I've been playing over 30 years and got one of these for my 7-year-old because he wants to play guitar like daddy does.  For $100 it's an OK starter guitar for a kid (and I guess really short people who can't play a regular Fender), but not something I'd recommend to anyone else.  And my kid thinks it looks cool, so he'll be more likely to stick with it.Even though it has a laminated body, the headstock and unfinished neck are decent wood.  The frets are crowned OK but have some sharp ends to them, and I feel silly investing the cash to have them fixed.  It's light and easy to handle.  The hardware isn't bad, with a stable bridge (good idea not to put a floating trem in this), 5-way blade switch, solid jack and strap anchors, and smooth knobs.  The pickups are not top notch but work well enough (a decent replacement set would cost more than the whole guitar does, so I'm not complaining).  It has a nice red paint job.On the down side, besides some sharp fret ends, it required a few truss rod and bridge adjustments to bring the action close to where it should be.  The fretboard uses cheap rosewood and in one spot has some extra glue showing around a fret.  The nut on the one I got is sunk lower on the treble side than on the bass side, so the low E string is farther from the fretboard than the other strings.  It has one small pit in the red finish.  It has no paperwork or owner's manual.  The tuners are kind of choppy.  And the body/neck flexes so if you put too much pressure on it the whole thing will go out of tune.It comes strung with Fender 9's, which combined with the short scale makes the strings loose and easy to press down, so it's good for a kid just starting out.  I actually enjoy messing around with it because the pickups have a punkish scratchy sound.  But as soon as he gets bigger we'll ditch this for something better.
I got this guitar for my 9 year old son, He loves it. This is a buitifull clasic guitar with a good clear sound (when he is not messing with the knobs). I would definatly purchase this again.
Thank you Fender for a really fun instrument that fits my size...and thanks to all of you that recommended it for just that reason : )
