Unless you have a taste for really thin picks, this material and thickness will suffice for all uses, both single-line leads and strumming. This pick finally got me away from my old favorite Fender tortoise mediums, though I do still keep them around.
I bought this on a whim. I was pretty satisfied with the extra heavy picks I was using, but wanted something with more grip. These picks have a logo and the company name molded in, which gives purchase to you pickin fingers to hold on to the pick. This seems to be a perfect thickness for some of my guitars that have silk and steel strings. With the xtra heavy picks I was losing what little treble these strings had. With this little purple wonder I got my treble back and still had great control for playing fast or playing hard.I like them so much I bought another hundred just in case the purple pick monster eats all my other picks.Its a great pick, its delrin or whatever(delflex) generic name they give it to avoid trademark issues, but its the best plastic for picks in my book. The tone is superb and the ease of holding is wonderful. I keep a couple of these in all my guitar cases.I recommend these if you enjoy playing guitar or just enjoy owning things that are purple colored. They don't taste like grapes however.
If you are prone to losing your guitar picks, this is a good set of 10 picks to have around all in your choice of a single color per pack. The quality is a bit better than the cheap fishbowl picks at the music store, but not as good as my favorite picks,Dunlop Big Stubby Picks, 2.0mm.
They are comfortable to use.  The Planet Wave logo gives me a nice grip on the pick; and I like heavy picks, so the "heavy" option fits my preference.  I've got a gig tomorrow night, so we'll see how they work then.
The Planet Waves 1FRD1-25 25 Standard Delflex Guitar Picks sound very good and easier to hold on to. They are very durable. I have always been happy with the Planet Waves products.
These are great picks, and YES, they are slippery.The reason is the material, and method of manufacturing:Delflex polymer picks are injection molded with a blend of acetyl, making them extremely durable and bright sounding. Unlike stamped picks, which are manufactured from sheet film and can have a different feel when rotated, injection molded picks have the same flexibility in all directions.These are probably the brightest sounding picks I have ever used, and it is well worth gettingused to hanging on to them.I use the 61MM for 10's on my solid body electrics, 76mm for my 11's on semi and hollow bodies,and 1.04mm on my Bass guitar; that's right, I use a plectrum on my Bass.You can get a pick that is easier to hang on to, but you may give away some of that bright snap to a softer to hang on to material like Nylon.
