I thought I could take the smell. I couldn't.Otherwise it would be a decent deal and not bad sounding.The case is nice too, but everything smells like the Chinese rubber smell at Harbor Freight Tools. (sulfur?)I tried airing it out for a week with no success.If you have no sense of smell, get one.
This is a great guitar once you change the strings, as suggested. Great portability for the price.HOWEVER - having read reviews across multiple sites, I too am a victim of the HORRIBLE glue smell that so many others have complained about. I really liked the guitar, so I purhcased it from two separate retailers, but had to return both due to the horrific smell. I even tried contacting the manufacturer to send a "smell-free" case... And they sent a case. But it stunk too. It's a shame, I had to return them, because they were nice little guitars.
Don't expect it to sound like a regular guitar and you won't be disappointed. That said, I find it useful for composing on the road. Heck, it even sounds better than my big guitars, in an odd way, for certain songs. Nice sturdy and portable case. Not good for overheads in airplanes because it takes up space for several bags, but flight attendants will usually store it in the locker up front if you ask. Action is adequate for practice--with a little tweaking it's actually good. Quiet enough to play in your hotel room and not disturb your neighbors.
I've been playing mostly acoustics over 30 years, I own a D35 Martin, Epiphone DR-212, Zager ZAD50, American Fender Strat, Gibson Studio Les Paul and have owned many others.  When my Little Red Traveler showed up at my door I was excited, but my expectation bar wasn't set too high.  I unpacked the Traveler and gave it the once over,, WOW, nicely made. Neck was perfect, just the slightest bow, frets were finished better than my Gibson when I bought it.  I found some wet/dry sand paper, I think 200 grit and spent about 10-15 minutes sanding down the bottom of the bridge bone. WOW #2 the action is much above average acoustic guitar quality, no buzz, perfect pitch at the octave and is a joy to play.  The tone is unique, not quiet, and unless you are expecting Martin sound, definitely not offensive.  The sound is kind of acoustic guitar/ukulele, banjo ish.  I'm thinking with a nice pickup it would make quite nice/unique a acoustic lead instrument. Plays great to the top fret.  love it!  Unbelievable instrument, a pleasure play.  Oh and the case is a $40+ freebee ;))) Buy one, be happy.  One last thing, another post mentioned putting your right arm outside the strap and tying between the tuning keys, that works well.
I wanted a guitar I could travel with, something small enough that I actually would carry around after the novelty wore off. This is a great size. I love the large neck size, while it is smaller than a full size guitar, you wont feel it much while playing. The sound for something this size is really good, do not expect to get a full acoustic sound. This guitar is just for you to practice scales, practice a tune.. you wont be performing with this guitar. I did alot of research bought a cheap travel guitar (which I hated, threw it out) and decided I wanted a better one, compared this to the Martin Backpacker and this has the better sound, the better bag, and all around GREAT travel guitar. The travel case is great, its about the size of a violin case so you know the size..
We got this to save on trunk space when traveling with a guitar. As expected, it doesn't have the sound quality of a full-size instrument, but it sounds good for what it is. It seems to hold a tune well and my son enjoys playing it. The blue color is pretty, and we were pleased with the extras that accompanied the guitar (case, strap, etc). Other people have mentioned an odor on the case and strap. We did notice a scent, but it didn't bother anyone. A more odor-sensitive person might feel differently.
I was looking for a portable guitar that would survive the rigors of Afganistan. I was going to get the Martin Backpacker, which I have actually seen and held in a store, but other reviews sold me on this Washburn. The case was a particular positive point for me, and so was the 25% lower price. I am more than please with what I have received. The case is great for a traveling soldier, rugged and protective, with useful pockets. The Guitar itself is very well made, nice pegs and solidly built for such an inexpensive instrument. It does have a bit of a banjo like sound because of the small body, common to the type, as is the initial awkwardness figuring out how to hold, since the full sized fretboard overbalances the tiny body, and you can't exactly rest it on your leg like a regular acoustic. The thing is, this guitar is just plain fun, it is always handy, durable, and plays pretty well. Best buy I have made on a product I couldn't try out first. A testament to the quality of the reviews on Amazon, which have rarely led me astray.
Picked up some Blue Steel lite stings and some brass abalone pins to enhance tone. Also was the last to pick it up for $118.50 shipped to my door. If you like a parlor guitar, this might be for you. The case is kick ass too, easily a $50 value.Update: After putting on the brass pins and adding a snark tuner, along with putting on new strings, this guitar rocks. Putting the brass pins keeps it from being too top heavy and helps to improve tone. This is my go-to guitar. Sounds good and has great intonation. The only fore-seeable upgrade would be to get closed geared tunners but the open geared work fine and hold tunning. I have a washburn D-30 and love this just as much for 1/3 the cost.
