I don't believe there is such a thing as a perfect capo, but this one is quite good.  For those with reasonably strong hands it is pretty easy to use.  It does a very good job of compressing the strings to the frets and is definitely well built.  It is as with all capos,  important to take it off when not in use so the "rubber" does not get grooved.  This is just good common sense.  If this lasts a couple of years I will definitely purchase another.
I bought a 12 string one in blk.  Love it for simplicity and needed it so I didn't have to keep searching for the other.  Got gold to remind me it is for six strings.
I have used a few different capo's this is far and away my favorite. Very easy to take it off, holds the strings tight. What more can you ask for? Does what it sets out to do and its inexpensive.
It does what it says. It a Kyser Quick Change capo. This capo is great for changing keys in the middle of a song or anytime you are in a hurry. Highly recommended.
It's a capo... nice fit... yet, sometimes I wonder if it fits too tightly, as when I use it, and of course the strings are tighter, sometimes I feel that playing with this particular capo makes my strings too tight...yet, it is a capo, structured very well.
I am very pleased with this purchase. The strings play very clearly with zero buzzing on any position between frets. I can dramatically hear and feel the difference than when I used a cheap $5 capo before. This is well worth your pay :)
My husband usese this capo almost everytine he plays his guitar. His old one lasted about 10 years. Worth the cost.
Long time Shubb user, but decided to try something different.I think I've found how lazy I am. I ended up using the Kyser more often than the Shubb because of the fact that you can put the Kyser on the peghead.Reaching my hand to an always available position on guitars (i.e. the peghead) for the Kyser turns out to be much more convenient than reaching to something that is not on the guitar and that could change according to situations, e.g. maybe just by my side on the sofa in my living room, maybe a table or the floor in some other places, for the Shubb.
These Capos are wonderful. Perfect all the way around! long lasting and backed up by the company. I have three!
Good strong spring and good strong materials.  The only improvement I would make is the clear protector that holds behind the neck.  The protector needs to be longer.  As the protector ages it slips off the end.  If it had more surface extended from end to the base where it pivots it would help.
I bought this Capo for myWashburn D10. It works on my Orlando classical guitar as well. I wanted a capo that was simple to operate and wasn't too expensive - and the Kyser Quick Change Guitar Capo fits the bill nicely:[Update 7/25/10: My Orlando guitar was stolen. Boo Hoo!!!]- Easy On, Easy OffThe spring mechanism makes it easy to put the capo on or take it off.- Rubberized ClampsRubberized clamps helps prevent the Kyser from scratching or marring the neck and the frets.- ErgonomicThe arched arm with the weird-looking loopy looking thingy and the other straight arm help you to firmly grab on to them without slipping so you can easily and quickly remove or reposition the Kyser Capo.- DurableThe Kyser is made from durable aluminum.[Update 7/25/10] I've had this capo for almost 3 years and it's still working like a champ! (According to Amazon's Instant Order Update for moi, I got this capo on  November 22, 2007.)- The Same Capo Colbie Caillat Used in BubblyCheck out the music video! It's the same capo Colbie Caillat used inBubbly!---The Kyser Quick Change Guitar Capo is excellent! I don't think you can go wrong with this one!
I have owned several of these over the years and own a silver colored one presently. The price is right for these, and they work just fine. My only real issue is that sometimes, they will bunch or bend strings when setting them on whatever fret you're going to bar, thus producing a sound you weren't looking for. Some of the higher end capo's counter this by having screws and such rather than a spring. However, like i say, these work fine with a little care and attention to their placement on your fretboard, and are from what i can tell, the most popular model on the market.
Easy to use capo. Good strength - holds the strings down well.. Not sure that it's as good as the G7th capo, which I still find is the best for holding the strings down evenly so that they stay in tune, but the Kyser is much cheaper and does a good job.
Probably the best kapo out on the market. Very high quality and a sleek look. Easy to use, what more could you want?
I use the capo for my guitar and it sounds awesome. I like to put the capo on the first fret and when I play a song I made, it sounds really really good. The capo is very easy to use as well.
The description says the color is gold.  It's not.  More of a greenish yellow, but does what it is intended for.  I think I would stick with the black color though.
I really like my capo, the blue looks good with my light natural finish accoustic, and it works as it should. However, I feel like it deserves 4 stars simply because it could be a much more robust product. For example, I think the bottom part of the clamp should be a little longer, and rounded (the back side of a guitar neck is rounded, after all). The spring could definitely be tighter...I do rarely notice buzz from not quite being tight enough. Also, the design is fairly nice, but it's mostly aesthetic...it's not really super comfortable and easy to move around necessarily.Don't get me wrong, this is a rather good product, and it's priced about right. It just isn't a high end product/5-star perfect.
The package arrived on time. This is the best capo around and works great. Does what it is supposed to do.
works great. Just clip it on and jam out.forget the screw on type, and spend the few extra bux for this one.  you'll be happier, trust me.
I chose the patriotic design for obvious reasons.  It is lovely.  Clear shard silk screening.  The capo itself is really good.  It is very snug on the strings.
i got pink cause nobody would steal it, and we all know how often capos get stolen from people pink is great
This capo is awesome, it looks and feels very nice and premium, it works on all of my guitars not much more you can ask for.
