I was messing around with the wiring in a MIM strat and I ended up melting the switch. So I ordered this one to replace it. Worked out perfect.
Working great on my Stratocaster. Excellent purchase. Feels good to switch positions solid and quiet. I should've bought this to replace the original switch from the start.
Perfect OEM.  ONE WORD OF WARNING, if you are not good at soldering and/or you don't have a good iron, don't try this yourself.  The contacts are very thin and will burn up in a hurry.  I recomend readingThe Fender Stratocaster Handbook: How To Buy, Maintain, Set Up, Troubleshoot, and Modify Your Stratif you are unsure.
I've wired and rewired countless guitars and have had a couple fail recently. Don't know if their QC has gone downhill or what. I didn't send them back because they're usually around $10 but it's disconcerting when a Fender product unexpectedly fails. It would have 5 stars but for the recent failures.
Bought a couple of these to build pre-loaded pickguards for strats. They work just fine, nice solid feel, screws included, and white or black tips. There are two rows of connectors
this has a good weight, nice connections, and all together fender charm. pretty decent price compared to GC as well
First of all, a little Amazon 101 - review the PRODUCT, not the service or the vendor.  Giving out 1-star ratings because you had a shipping issue or because some third party (like Fender) didn't get you the right model is unfortunate, but it has nothing to do with the product itself.  All you do is create the impression that this is a poorly-designed product, when exactly the opposite is the case.I have a Fender 5-way in my loaded pickguard as part of a Squier upgrade.  Beware that traditional Strats are 1 3/4" thick, where as many Bullets and Affinity Strats are slightly less than that.  As such, you might have the bottom of this switch hitting the inside of the guitar.  You might need to either live with this or shave/sand out a portion of the interior if that's the case.But the switch itself works great and, really, is quite inexpensive relative to its importance!
