I am really liking the size of this board. I have a Line6 G50 wireless, Korg Pitchblack+, Xotic EP booster and Xotic SP compressor and they all fit very nicely. The board itself is very sturdy steel with good welds and nice straight angles. The case is also really well made- good zippers and stitching.  I'd buy this again in a heartbeat.
Is this guraunteed for life or something?  it should be for the price.  it is very basic, tube construction with very little for wire and cable guidance and clean up.  I would not buy another one at the prices they charge, but then, I am handy enough to make my own if I wanted to.  The carry bag is very nice, the extra pocket for cables and things holds a lot of stuff.  They show a lot more pedals than I could fit on it, they must be smaller pedals than the ones I can find and the perhaps have those magical patch cables that take no space in between.  If you look at the picture there appears to room for 6 pedals but 5 is all you will get.  I have a Boss RX-20 double pedal looper, and 2 other Boss pedal on board and that is all than can fit with patch cables.
I only had this board for a day, after realizing it was a tab too narrow for the pedal setup I wanted to create on it. I do have to say though, Pedaltrain makes rock solid products. Sure, you could probably fashion your own pedalboard, but why bother? This thing has a great finish that will make your pedal array look pro.
I'm not on tour with any group.  I play for church, and every couple of weeks for a local nursing home (with other musicians willing to give their time) plus an occasional 'gig' for a town celebration or some such activity.  I've got a few sound effects pedals and processors I like using, but not enough to warrant buying your typical pedal board that holds 6 or more such devices and takes up a lot of trunk space in the car.  This 'mini' PedalTrain easily holds four of my favorite devices, it is built for extreme durability without being too heavy, etc.  The case is awesome, too.... heavy duty,...good stuff.  The board came with velcro, tie wraps, power head, etc to mount and use your devices.  I had it up and running in a few minutes,...and it makes my travel-and-play experiences easy, without looking for a 'roadie' to get help.  The angle of the mounting surface of the board relative to floor surface is perfect.  Clearances for passing the wiring through from device to device is also perfect.  Since I first got it, I've 'rearranged' once already.  Talk about easy.  You'll be glad to have your sound effects mounted, wired, and movable as a unit so as to reduce setup time and the wear/tear on wires from just handling.
I love pedal trains because they are lightweight, come with a case and are easy to work with.  If pedaltrain asked me my opinion I would say that they needed to raise the back up about 1-2&#34; to allow for power brinc underneath and to aid in angle of use, but other than that, its a pedaltrain...nuff said!
This pedalboard is very solid, durable, and easy to pack in their soft case - which I love especially because it makes my pedalboard and some extras much easier to carry to and from gigs. There is space below the pedalboard for cables to run and the velco and glue they provide to keep the pedals on the board are very reliable. The MINI is the perfect size for me but overall I've been very pleased with Pedaltrain in general.
Let's' be very clear from the start: The pedal board and the carrying bag are excellent quality. The board is solid, and the bag is very well made and will last a life-time. As other people have pointed out though, Pedaltrain must have outsourced the decision to locate the strap D-rings to someone who has never carried anything over their shoulder. The only reason this is not a 5-star review is because of the D-rings. That being said, don't let that detract you from buying this. I just feed the shoulder strap through the carry-handle and it works well enough.
I know the kind of person I am - If I buy a big pedal board, I'll have to spend hundreds of dollars to fill it up with great effects. Buy a smaller board and I can be selective in the pedals I buy and save $$ by not trying to fill it. Hence, the purchase of the Pedaltrain Mini.This board will fit approx 5 pedals and a power supply. When I initially purchased it, I was hoping that I could fit the power supply under the board, but I tried a few small power units from Guitar Center and none would fit and allow the board to lay flush. I should probably ding one star for this and it would be a great improvement if pedaltrain would just raise the board about 1/8" to allow for the power to be mounted under the board.The unit is VERY sturdy and ships with velcro to secure pedals to the top. The velcro feels like it's military grade and does a great job of securing the pedals. It's light, easy to carry, and I can grab the case in one hand, with my guitar in the same hand, and carry my amp with the other hand (only one trip from the car to the gig).Overall, this is a great board. I currently have a looper, overdrive, distortion, echo and tuner on my unit. I've added a photo of my board.
I'm so glad I bought this instead of some of the cheaper, plastic pedalboards out there.  The board itself is made out of welded metal and it's very sturdy.  The velcro seems to be of decent quality, too.  Even the bag is nice.The single downside of this package is the shoulder strap on the bag.  As other reviewers have pointed out, the fact that it clips onto the bag in weird places basically makes it worthless.  My advice is to a) definitely buy the pedal train mini and b) toss the shoulder strap in a drawer somewhere and never look at it again.I'm using this unit for my bass gear: a SansAmp programmable bass driver DI, a compressor, a tuner..and possibly an envelope filter at some point.
What a nice product. Rugged and well made. The supplied velcro makes it easy to change pedals for various gigs.I was able to build a pedal board with a tuner, delay, distortion and a two button amp channel switcher with room to spare. It looks very neat and tidy. Using George L's makes it look even better.I will buy one of these again. These things rock!** EDIT - 10-25-2012 **Still a great little board but I found Power Grip Pedal Board Velcro - this board that the new velcro make this an unstopable unit.
