When I first installed these tuners my guitar would still go out of tune. Mainly the second to the last string at the bottom and I later learned it was the wrong tuner and the string tree was too blame. Sometimes I just don't pay attention to the obvious;)It turned out that there are 3 short tuners and 3 long ones. The long ones go on the top 3 strings, the short ones the bottom 3 strings, get that because I had them on incorrectly. And even worse, I was using the string tree which is the part that holds down the 2 bottom strings. The string tree(google guitar string tree and you'll see one) was actually making the strings not stay in tune with the locking tuners. I know silly but I was not paying attention.The reason you use the short tuners for the bottom is so the guitar will stay in tune! The string trees get in the way and when you whammy the strings go out of tune. Please take a note of that.Overall a good product.
I purchased these for a Fender Squier Affinity Strat. Be aware that they will NOT fit a Squier without drilling some holes. The stock tuners have one peg - these have two. Despite this, installing them was quite easy. They have a high build quality and work great. I was hesitant to buy locking tuners at first, but now I'm glad I did.
i got two sets of these tunners, my jackson and fender guitars stay way better in tune now, i love them.
If you have never used these tuners before , you are in for a treat! New strings have never been easier to install. Great upgrade for Squier Telecasters!
There isn't much I can add to the good reviews already out there that I read before purchasing these for my 91 American Tele but I will say I really like these tuners and I'm very happy I switched to them. High quality and great design. The guitar just stays in tune now, period. Attractive too with the Fender F on the face of the locking knobs and NOT a big bulky look like I thought they may be before I tried them. Very easily installed without any modification to the headstock of the guitar. If your thinking you might like to upgrade to locking tuners but having doubts whether you'll like them or if you should go with a different brand? Go with it and get a set of these! If your experience is like mine you'll be very satisfied.
These locking tuners are perfect for any Strat or Tele. I have an American Strat and an American Tele that both came with fairly decent non-locking tuners. I also have a Carvin and two Paul Reed Smith guitars that came with locking tuners...they are certainly worth having. Fenders (at least American-made ones) are very easy to swap out tuners for these...the holes are already there, there's no need to drill holes for screws, everything is so easy you have to do it yourself. I've swapped out the tuners and have never looked back...the only question is what to do with the non-locking Fender tuners I have now!
I put these on a dual humbucker USA Strat.  The neck was pre-drilled so the posts on the tuners and the diameter of the center post fit perfectly.  Job only took about 15 minutes.  Excellent build and looks great.
You can't go wrong with these. I've installed them on EVERY Fender I own. Even if you don't use the trem very often, they help maintain proper tuning if you overbend (which I'm prone to do). I haven't had any tuning or slippage issues when I have these on, and you shouldn't either.Easy to install also, and for the money, give them a go...they're just as solid as the pricier ones...and they're Fender, so how can you go wrong?
These really aren't a very good value. If I had to do it over again, I would probably get Wilkinson locking tuners which are much less expensive and a lot easier to install. If money is no object and you need the F trademark on your tuners, then I guess these are for you.
The locking tuners are a great add to my 09 strat. They went on easily but, I noticed they are staggeered so make sure the the taller tuners begin at the low E. After the install I stringed it up and played for a couple of hours. Cosmetically they do look cool and functionally which of course is the purpose they keep it in tune. I am not a big trem guy but when I use it I do not "now" have to worry about its tuning.
I never really had an issue with tuning stability with the stock tuners on my American Standard Strat. What interested me the most was the easy string changes and locking tuners have really helped with that. But I have noticed that it does stay in tune better than before. These are easy to install and simple to use. All you need is a 10mm socket and your are set. As others have pointed out, these are staggered so there are 3 long ones and 3 short ones so you need to make sure you get them on the right way. It only took a couple of minutes to install and they fit like a glove. I've read some people complaining about the additional weight on the headstock but I don't even notice the difference. They work just like genuine Fender parts would be expected.
I ordered these tuners for my Fender Blacktop Stratocaster (MIM). I just received these tuning machines today ... the pegs line up, so they drop right in. Remember ... the E-A-D are that tall capstans and the G-B-E are the shorter capstans ... it all works out. I've also put 5 springs in the block (I like stiff tremelo, bridge flush to surface) and replaced the amplifier knobs with conventional Strat knobs (had to get CTS split-shaft 500K pots for that and replace the solid shaft pots). The amp knobs they use get in the way of the tremelo bar. BUT, back to the tuners ... they just made this guitar perfect with holding tuning. Much easier and faster to change strings.I just ordered another set for my Strat H-S-S ... great guitar but could certainly use these tuners.
This tunners turned my normal cheap Squier, into a perfect Squier. My guitar now stays in tune better than my PRS and Epiphone.
Super easy to install on guitar, they look great and they make changing strings a breeze. In just a few minutes I had restrung and tuned my guitar with no problems at all. The best replacement for Fender tuners, by far.
I did the swap myself in a couple of minutes, this are the Ping model 18:1 ratio and they stay in tune just perfect!
Excellent product at a righteous price. Helps my guitar stay in tune.Changed the saddles at the same time and the sustain is much better.
I have a set of the original locking tuners on a '84ish Strat.  So I decided to try these on a Fender Telecoustic guitar I have that wouldn't stay in tune.  These fixed that problem.  It stays in perfect tune now.
I replaced the original Indiana guitar tuners with the Fender Locking Tuners, and what a difference!!!  I had to drill some holes in my headstock, but that was accomplished by tightening the new tuners on and leaving an indentation from the feet after removing them prior to drilling.  Then it was a simple matter to drill new holes and mount them.  The locking mechanism is great!  It acts like a vice in a woodshop project.  And all I need to do is put on new strings and lock them down, tune them, use the tremolo bar a few times to stretch the strings, retune a couple more times, and they just don't go out of tune anymore, regardless of how many times I bend the strings.  These are highly recommended for anybody who is tired of going out of tune.
SUMMARYIf you aren't using locking tuners, you're wasting time when you restring. They are just faster and easier. Overall, this is a really nice convenience upgrade on guitars and it's not very expensive to do. Fender uses these on the American Deluxe, and once I got one, I had to have these on the rest of my stratocasters. Because they save time restringing, you are more inclined to restring frequently, which means you sound better. (Fresh strings can do a lot for your sound!)I've put these on several guitars I have, and always appreciate them when changing strings. At instalation be aware these are staggered height tuners so be sure to put them in the correct holes (see below). These are drop in replacement tuners for most modern MIA and MIM Fender Stratocasters and Telecasters that use a Shaller style tuner. Fender makes these relatively cheap now in chrome, although I wish they would make them affordable and available in a gold finish. I've seen also seen nickel and black, and they make gold but hard to find and rather expensive (something like $120 a set).FUNCTION/PURPOSEI think people believe these somehow give you more stable tuning or something but that is actually not their purpose. Proper use of a traditional non-locking tuner is just as stable. Some folks don't actually understand how to properly use traditional tuners and they don't get stable tuning as a result because they use too few or too many wraps and don't string it correctly. For those folks, these will elimiate the resulting "pings" and such. But their intended purpose is to speed string changes. I believe that some folks confuse locking tuners with a locking nut in that respect. A locking nut quite definitely makes for more stable tuning, and that's why you always find them with Floyd Rose tremolos which are made for dive bombing. But locking tuners are not really for that purpose.FIT AND INSTALLATIONRegarding fit, these have 2 little pins on the backside. If you are considering a replacement, make sure you get tuners that are the right size and configuration for your guitar so you don't have to drill the back of the neck, the tuner bores in the headstock, or use inserts. If you want to use these but don't have the little alignment holes, Stewart Macdonald makes a small drilling jig for drilling those holes. It's expensive (about $40) but not as expensive as messing up your neck or breaking the tuners when you tighten them down on ill fitting mounts. It is nearly impossible to drill those alignment pin holes correctly without a jig, and even with the jig, easy to be slightly off. These fit most newer FENDER stratocasters and tele's, both american and MIM and will be a drop in replacement with no muss and no fuss in most of those cases.Pull one of your existing tuners out and look at it before you change. If you have a squier or a knockoff you may want to measure the headstock bore and remove a tuner to look at the back mount. Maybe buy and inspect, with the knowledge you might have to return them. There is usually an exact fit drop in replacement locking tuner that can replace your standard tuner so if this isn't it, look for one in the same brand as what is on your guitar now. Be aware different tuners also have slightly different holes bored for the main peg hole.Typical neck bores for tuners (by brand) are shown on the warmoth site at [...]These are the holes that warmoth uses on custom necks when fitting tuners of various brands:- For Fender/Shaller tuners, its a two step bore, with the main portion being 25/64" and the rest at 11/32".- Vintage style tuners use 11/32"- Gotoh and Grover use a two step 13/32" to 11/32"- Sperzel uses 25/64"- Planet waves uses 13/32"Of course, if you are mechnically inclined, have the tools, and don't mind potentially drilling additional holes in your neck, you can almost fit any tuner you want on any guitar. Sometimes that means using inserts or bushings, or drilling a hole for a tiny backmount screw, or for alignment pins in different locations...but the best answer is to use a tuner that is a drop-in replacement.When installing, be sure to look at the height of the pegs on your old and these new tuners. These are not all the same length -- they have staggered heights - 3 long and 3 shorter. (I think I have also seen some sets that are 4/2 but these are 3/3.) Put the long ones in the E-A-D string holes, and the shorter ones in the G-B-HighE holes.
These replaced the stock tuners on my Squier Deluxe Stratocaster and were NOT a drop in fit. There are two pegs on the tuners that didn't line up with the holes from my stock tuners in the headstock and required me to drill additional holes. I was somewhat expecting this thou so no starts taken away.These make string changes so easy and I love the ratio of these tuners. Because they are staggered I was able to ditch the string trees as well.
3 long, 3 short. Drop in replacement for both my MIM and MIA strat. Added mass, easier to tune. Good, cheap, easy upgrade.
Perfect retrofit for my 1989 American Strat. The locking mechanism is strong. No problems at all. I like to stay brand loyal, so I honestly think these tuners will go on the rest of my Fender collection. Tuning is a breeze and is very stable.
I put this puppy on in 15 minutes or less. They fit perfect on my American Standard Stratocaster. They work like a charm. If you play guitar and like to keep your strings in tune on your strat. This are a no brainier, the price is right, and they look great on your stratocaster.
These Fender locking tuners are top quality.  Couldn't be happier with my purchase.  You definitely don't want to go with a cheap alternative on something as important as your tuners, and this is a set you can count on.
Nearly all of the reviews I read on these were very positive, and I concur. These are very nice, solid tuners, especially for the price.They do add a little noticable weight to the headstock, but it's not a problem.
Unfortunately, these tuners require drilling to fit my Squier Strat.They look very similar but the two pins are approximately 1/16th of an inch further out from the shaft so I'm going to have to drill new holes in the headstock to use them. Worse, the holes will actually touch the edge of the existing stock holes so, I'm going to have to fill them, first.The quality of the locking tuners looks great!I only wish that they'd show a diagram with the specs written on it so that I could have known that these don't fit my guitar!
These Fender Locking Tuners are the best for Stratocaster guitars, mainly if you have a tremolo system, what helps a lot the tuning stability and speeds up the strings change.
These replace the OEM tuners exactly without requiring any modification of the headstock. They look fine. When I get the guitar back together I expect that they will work properly. Delivered on time as promised
Quality tuners overall. I like the look and feel of these. The only complaint I have is that after &#34;locking&#34; the strings the tuners loosen slightly a short while later. So I have to continually check that they are indeed still locked.All in all though very good for the price.
I now have these tuners on an American Strat and an American Tele.  They seem a lot smoother than the stock Fender tuners, which honestly, I have no problem with.  These were purchased on a whim.  I don't find changing strings that big of a bother.  These will save you a few minutes.  I guess if you're a gigging musician, they would be of more value for quick string changes to an onstage guitar.  Don't get me wrong.  If you want a set of locking tuners for your American or Mexican Fender guitar, these are excellent.  But I'm not sure that most people would derive enough benefit out of them to warrant replacing a good functioning set of regular tuners.  I like them, I don't love them.
For the money they are great ,look nice are very easy to install .you will like them on the guitar.
Now all I have to do is install these on my Burswood Strat Copy. I know I'm gonna have to drill holes for the locating pins I may even have to drill the tuner holes also. Look forward to getting those crappy, loose, un-smooth, original hardware tuners off this thing.July 20, 2012:Just installed these Fender locking tuners on my Strat. Didn't have to drill the tuner holes, they were the perfect size. Placed all the tuners in the headstock lined them up with a straight edge and just pressed each tuner very firmly into their hole (with the locking part screwed in tight so as not to damage them) and  very lightly and carefully tapped them with a small rubber mallet to mark my drill points. Then with a small magnifying glass and using a punch I made a center punch mark (just using pressure by hand with the punch since wood is soft) on each indent that the tuner made. Set my drill depth with a piece of tape on the drill and was done in less than 15 minutes.
The tuners arrived today. I had them shipped to my business address. It took me longer to get home from work than it took me to remove the stock tuners & replace them with these. Perfect fit & they look great.
I had trouble with strings going out of tune too often. Installed these Fender locking tuners, and voila !!!!!Amazing difference !!! Re-stringing is much faster now, and tuning is fast (no long loops around the tuning pegs) ,holds up much longer, rarely need to re-tune now, even after lots of bending and vibrato. ( I love the Ernie Ball Super Slinky 9-42 strings and Fender stainless steel 9-42 strings also).My opinion is every Strat benefits from these tuners, they should be standard on both the MIM's and American Strats.
I have these on several of my guitars and I love them.  Nice and stable, easy to change strings and lock tightly.  Always check the diameter of your peg holes prior to installing. To note these have the two peg placement anchors on them, so if your headstock only has the single hole for the tuning peg, you will have to do some drilling. Really nice upgrade for your standard tuners.
I have a Squire tele and replaced the tuners with these. The 'tab' holes didn't match up, they are bigger than the Squire originals but it was no problem to set new holes and tighten them up. The hold tunings and make string changing a breeze. Highly recommended. True Fender product.
Easy upgrade.  Fit with no problem, direct replacement for the stock tuners.  Make changing strings a whole lot easier.  Glad I did it.
