This holder grips the IPad tightly so a sudden fall is not an issue.  The rotation to vertical is good but it would be nice if it went both left or right.  Because the arms don't collapse it's a bit bulky to transport in a gear bag but its positive clamping offsets that issue. I've seen some with folding arms that have dropped IPads suddenly because something came loose.  Where I fell down was not ordering the K and M clamp arm that comes as a package under a different order number.  I've since seen that arm in use and it would improve the versatility of this unit, though the package is pretty spendy. I could not order that arm separately.  I mounted this holder onto a short mic stand by using two mic stand quick releases - one for the holder and one for the mic stand boom arm. Then the whole thing breaks down quickly to stuff into a bag.
It is well made and is very safe unless a drunk drummer knocks over your stand. I would prefer more tilt, but it serves the purpose. It's Also harder to use your iPad without holding it and having an arm rest. Very durable and light weight. If I had to do it over again, I would use a music stand instead. Someday I may use it on stage. It's made in Germany, so it could be taken into battle.
My ipad lives on this thing!  I might be considered the laziest person around but I use a mic stand to place my ipad over my head so I can watch movies in bed while laying down.  I sometimes feel like I'm in a spaceship when I go to interact with my ipad.  I do wish it could rotate both directions.  It only goes from hamburger style to hotdog style by way of a right turn which is great if the stand sits on the right side of the bed.  But if you sleep on the left you're gonna have a bad time...
This holder is rigid, well built, rugged and works great at what it does...holding my iPad2.  I play guitar and like to use my tuner app and scale app, metronome and other apps and having this hold my iPad so I can adjust it and see it clearly where I want it is nice.  Great product, highly recommend.
I had been using a regular music stand for my ipad but our stage is a little bouncy, so i wanted something that would grip the iPad.  this stand does the trick.  I don't have to worry anymore about my iPad falling off of the stand.  Some people have said that it's not as safe when you rotate it to the portrait position.  I have not found that to be true.  Since I've had the stand, I have never droped the iPad out of it.  A lot of the other clips clamp on to the stand with the mic.  Because of the way that I stand with my guitar, it's hard for me to see the thing when I use the clamp kind.  This one uses the Mic clip treads and because it's on it's own stand, I can put it anywhere, at any height and see the iPad.  The only drawback is, you can't have your iPad in a case.  Or you have to find a case that's ultra thin.  Otherwise it's great!
