I use the 21' cable. Great build quality, looks professional, sturdy plugs, and most importantly it sounds great! I like the smooth fabric sleeve, it doesn't stick to things like a plastic/rubber cable can.
This is my first fatso-flex cable.  I think I've had Spectraflex cables before, and they've been fine, but I've owned, lost, lent, etc. so many over the years I can't recall.  The look and feel of this cable is excellent.  Seems very solid, but it's always difficult to tell with cables.  I like the flexibility much better than my Monster cable, which is much stiffer and tends to want to coil back onto itself.  The fatso is nice and flexible, and it looks fantastic.  It sounds fine, no issues.  I'm not one of those who believes all the snakeoil about high-end cables being necessary.  Get something decent that isn't noisy, and the tone comes from you and your equipment.  No issues in that regard with the fatso.One last thing - you've gotta love Amazon.  I got a 10' red and a 14' violet for ~$15 each, while other colors in the same lengths were twice the price or more.  So, I wasn't choosey about the colors I got.  THey look great, though.  Oh, and one thing I'm a bit iffy about is Spectraflex's lifetime warranty.  The fine print requires a sales receipt (BS IMO) and says something to the affect of "we will decide if we will replace it".  So, way what you will about Monster, but they'll replace anything with no receipt, which is more reasonable, I think.  But I'll worry about that when it's time to worry about it, but it's worth considering, as the return process might not be exactly hassle-free.
This a great instrument cable. If all you have ever used have been rubber covered try this one. The fabric cover eliminates the knots and twists of &#34;regular&#34; cables.
This is one great looking cable. I purchased this cable December 2010 and it is still working well and stilllooks good. And as Fernando Lamas says, "it is better to look good than to feel good". Well, not when itcomes to cables.This cable is 20 AWG, with an "Ultra-Pure Copper Center Conductor" and 100% copper and conductivepolymer shield. You want a good shield if you are going to be playing loud. Helps keep those ugly micro-phonics away and you want that big time.The capacitance of this cable according to the manufacturer is 39 pF/ft. This is the one spec you wantto pay attention to when buying instrument cables. The lower the number, the least resistance whichresults in a higher performing cable.Out of this cable expect a more corpulent sound and beefy output. It seems the lows and mids are hugeand the highs are very nice indeed. This seems to be a very nicely balanced cable for the money.This cable comes in other colors in the braided cover style. They look terrific but I find this "Fatso" muchharder to coil than the thinner Spectraflex 'Vintage' this company makes. The bulkiness of this cabledoesn't seem to lend itself to easy coiling. It also seems to become twisted a lot easier and thus harderto straighten out and coil for storage. The easiest of my cables to coil, by the way, is the Lava Cable,"Magma", which only has a black rubber jacket and is a dream to coil. If I were to need more cable, quitehonestly I would buy the Lava. Pretty doesn't count for much with me.I gave this cable 4 stars because of its very good sound, is well constructed, has excellent shrunk rubbercovering the plugs, looks darn marvelous, and has about average specs for the money. Yet, difficulty incoiling for storage makes it a bit of a pain in the arse to deal with on a nightly basis.If you want a beautiful, well made cable that you don't have to put away every day buy this one.
For many years I've been playing with Proel and &#34;Fender&#34; cables... until I start having problems with guitar jacks and connection efficiency. This guys put an end to the problem with high quality components. Best of all, Warranty For Life... or maybe longer.
This is my first experience with a "high end" guitar cord after playing for longer than I'd like to admit.  For many years i've been playing with any old shielded solid core cord without regard for much besides price.  In prep for an upcoming gig, I bought 2 Spectraflex Fatso 18' right angle cords.  I find them to be very well made, with shrink tubing sealed strain reliefs at the high quality plugs, thick and heavy duty cabling (but not too think nor too heavy), and best of all, very quiet, presumably because of superior shielding.  They were what I consider expensive (about $38 each), but for me, well worth the price, and considerably less than many other high end cables I found and read about.  I imagine that they will last for years.  I think I will eventually replace all my dozen or so cords of various lengths with these.J.M. Tepper
This cable has a very cool vintage look and a perfect, clean sound. Absolutely love this! This is definitely recommendable.
I've used this for about 3 months now.  No malfunctions. Looks good. Works fine.  No complaints. What more can I say?
The surprise here is how they traded a little bit of diameter (the Fatso part) for incredible flexibility (the other F-part).  Looks great, no noticeable noise or signal loss.  A really nice change from stiff skinny rubber cords!
