Bought these as an extra set just in case I made a mistake when I was trying to cut down my nut and bridge. They are real bone and fit well on my Yamaha. Did not end up using them but will one day. Great product for the price.
This is real bone.  The length is perfect for my guitar but the nut is a little high and the bridge saddle is thicker than the slot on my guitar. It is just my luck that I have some sandpaper in my garage so I sanded each bone and was able to install this new parts on my guitar after about 10 minutes of sanding.
After reading many review on my Yamaha 700 acoustic guitar I have owned and played for 4 months, I finally took the advice of other consumers.  MANY people suggested changing the stock plastic nut and bridge saddle to improve tone.This guitar is an incredible deal and piece the way it was.  I did put a light set of D'addario strings that made a world of difference.I was due for another string change so upgraded with this set of bone nut and saddle.WOW, it really did make a huge difference.  This guitar is such a quality piece, especially for the money.  But, with the string and bone upgrades I can't imagine a sweeter sounding acoustic.  It changed the tone to that of a classical  guitar.  I am so happy with my changes.The high notes are pure and ring nicely and lows are rich and deep.  The sustain is a drastic improvement, each note lasting nicely into the next.  I am so pleased and excited with my guitar.If you own this or any other acoustic with plastic nut and saddle.....change them, it's a very quick fix.  And find a nice set of strings.
The saddle, after some minor rounding at the edges, fit perfectly as a replacement for the one that came with my Takamine acoustic. I haven't replaced the nut yet, but even so the improvement in tone and sustain is quite noticeable. These are high quality parts, well worth the relatively small investment.Edit: I have since replaced the nut too, and am pleased to report it is a near perfect fit, though it is a tiny bit shorter across than the old one. But the difference is negligible, and the improvement in tone and action was well worth the small additional expenditure of time and effort.
for the price of 1 ( one) saddle at GCyou get 2 of these and the nut assembliesi keep them handy for guitar setup changesordered on Monday, arrived on thursday
