I love this stomp box although I never stomp on it :-)  Needless to say there are a wide variety of reverb available to you.  My amplifier doesn't have reverb so I route the effects send to it and leave it on.  It has just become part of my guitar tone now and wouldn't think about playing without it...
You have to look very hard for anything to critique with this pedal; the only think I can think of is moderately high power consumption, so I suggest using the power supply rather than batteries.It is a joy to play almost any style with these, though I prefer jazz/blues sounds generally where the reverb is featured prominently as opposed to tons of distortion.Oh yes .. the clincher is this only costs a tad over 100 bucks. Very hard to find any alternatives that work as well in that price range.
Studio grade reverbs in a small box, if you are looking for a reverb with a lot of options and in a small unit this is it.  Another &#34;I can't say enough about it&#34; pedal from TC Electronics, worth checking out if you're looking.
This is one of the best pedals I have on my board. I originally thought the reverb on my amp was fine enough but was enticed to try this. I was very pleasantly surprised with the lovely quality of the reverb effect, which can be breathtaking. The settings are all quite useful (Church, plate, spring, hall, room, gate etc) and then you can adjust the amount of the effect and the delay. There is also a toneprint setting which is nice, but honestly, the pedal already has some many ways to adjust the sound, the toneprint seems redundant. I leave this pedal on most of the time - along with my Corona chorus and Flashback delay. It is part of &#34;my sound&#34;.
Most the reverb selection sound identical. They all sound good. I would say that the Boss reverb pedal sounds better. I use this pedal in my pedal chain. It doesn't get much action, my amp has a reverb. I was looking for trippy modern hifidelity effects on my guitar.
No loss of initial tone with this pedal which was #1 on my priority list as I love the sound of my guitar and amp.  The &#34;hall&#34; setting is phenomenal.  Transparent in your signal chain when off as well!  Love it.
The best non-rackmount reverb I have ever had.  So many options, clean, transparent, and whisper quiet.  This is the last pedal at the end of my pedal board chain.  The Toneprint option is great as well to create and personalize your own verb.  Excellence once again from TC.
Well , at first i was looking for a reverb with a long and deep sound, like a grail or church, then i read about this tone print thing and i really like it, this give you a totally new range of sound based on a specific artist preset, so you can have a bunch of tone prints that you can download from the webpage, the only thing  that could be better is the instructions on how to download the tone prints it doesn't came with the instructions, although is really easy but at first i was blindfolded, but overall it is great.
This is the first and only TC Electronic product I've ever purchased.  I watched the Youtube demos and liked what I heard.  It has exceeded my expectations. The reverb sounds are heavenly with plenty of control to tweak. The Toneprint feature is amazing.  I downloaded "Church of Andy" preset from the TCE website and just love that patch.  Downloading is quick and easy.  I created a folder on my computer and dowloaded all the available Hall of Fame patches so whenever I want to change it out, I don't even have to go on the Internet to get it.  There is an iPhone/iPod4gen app where you can transfer the patches directly through you guitar to you pedal. Don't ask me how it works, but it does.  I will probably buy more TC Electronic pedals in the future.
I compared this side by side with two other reverbs-1) The Boss '63 Fender reverb2) The Electro Harmonix Holy Grail.I found the EH- Holy Grail the most natural sounding and the simplest to operate with only 1 knob and one switch.The TC pedal did sound nice, but to my ears slightly sterile by comparison to the Holy Grail.I thought the Boss pedal sounded pretty bad.Pros of the pedal:- several settings and with all the knobs, highly adjustable- mono or stero (2 inputs, 2 outputs)- standard 9 volt power supply jack used by most pedals- I liked the spring reverb, and the "mod" reverb which was lush.Cons:- Sounded a little sterile compared to EH Holy Grail, but close and still good- I thought the number of different reverb settings was actually overkill and just there to look like it did a lot. To my ears, the rest were less distinctive.-Priced at $150, seemed a little high although I know there are other pedals that cost more.Overall a nice pedal, I can't really ding it for the cons above so I still gave it 5 stars. I had to compare a couple times to the EH holy grail to make my decision. In the end, the grail was cheaper, simpler and sounded more like a real reverb tank in my opinion.
But it's a real step up from the effects on my Vox Mini 5 amp so I'm only going to complain too much.  It actually cost more than the behringer amp I'm running it through which seems a little odd to me.
nice reverb pedal, got rid of my boss reverb. the tc pedals are all that is on byboard except my wah and a phase 90, if they made these pedals I'd probablybe all tc electronics! What else can I say!!!!
This is an absolutely amazing Reverb pedal.  TC toneprint is very much a novelty, a very useful one at that if you want to dial in some really nice presets. Where this pedal really shines is in it's endless ability to tweak the parameters using the downloadable editor. You can spend hours finding &#34;Your Sound&#34; or just &#34;The Sound&#34; that you need. High quality chassis, excellent switch and input/output jacks that give a satisfying thunk, indicating your cable is secured.  Don't forget to lift the back panel to adjust the dipswitches to change the true bypass, tone dry through etc... All and all a great one stop reverb pedal with tons of tone and potential that should last a lifetime.
I bought this unit because my amp doesn't have reverb. But I discovered that this little pedal can give you greats sounds. Even when I use a reverbed amp, I turn it off and use my Hall of Fame.
