I paid only $29 and it is small and convenient. I was impressed with the sound.At first I played it with my Line 6 15 watt amp. I didn't like it cause of the squealing. But then I read how you use it and all that. Boy! It worked great.I use it with a Tascam US 100 USB plugin to my computer and I get a good sound for practice.I still like my Line 6 amp though for more sounds and sustain. But this is a bargain and small.You can use this with any USB audio interface.If you like AC/DC you would like this. There are different amp sounds you can get.Cheap and convenient I'am not disappointed.My opinion is that it sounds best with a USB guitar audio device such as Tascams US 100.
Great bang for the buck clone of a Tech 21 GT-2. This pedal does not have the build quality of the GT-2 but the controls are identical and it sounds darn good (especially for the pocket change they charge).  I have not done a gut-shot comparison of the two pedals so I can not comment on how close the actual circuits and components are.  The TM300 is more than just a distortion box.  It's more like a preamp.  I find that it does a very convincing mid scooped Twin type of clean as well as a decent Marshall type growl.  I find the Mesa to be the least authentic though it is not an unpleasant distortion by any means- it just doesn't sound like a Mesa imho.  If you are looking for triple rec distortion there are probably better dirt boxes for that.  I actually have the same criticism of my Tech 21 Tri-AC (really excellent pedal!)  The TM300 works well running into an amp and because it can simulate a mic'd cab it can also be run directly into a PA or mixer and bypass the amp completely. This thing actually takes other pedals reasonably well.  It can really breath new life into a mediocre practice amp (or any solid state). It can also be stowed in a bag easily enough so that you don't have to lug a backup amp to gigs.  I find it much more realistic sounding than digital modelers but it doesn't quite 100% replicate the sound and touch sensativity of a tube amp being pushed (they haven't invented that yet in my opinion). It doesn't replace a tube amp for me personally but if you are contemplating running straight into the PA because lugging your amp is impractical this is a no-brainer. Five stars for what it does at this price.  If you are a hobbyist or weekend warrior this pedal will cover the bases.  If you make your living doing live performances (or if price is not factored into your decision making) I would advise you to pony up the extra money for the Tech 21 product because their overall build quality is much higher (with regards to the enclosure, switch, knobs, jacks), their customer service is top-shelf and they are engineered/manufactured right in NYC.  I own three Tech 21 pedals and previously owned their Trademark 60 amp and I can attest to the difference in overall build quality between their products and Behringer's.  Sound-wise they are very very similar though and I DO have much love for these inexpensive Behringer pedals.  I own close to a dozen of them and I have not encountered a single malfunction in more than 2 years.
I read the reviews on this product and decided that a lot of these reviewers probably know more about guitar effects than I do and since most people seemed to like it, I figured I'd give it a try.  I was not disappointed at all.  It gives you great sound for solos.  I've tried it on a few different kinds genres and found that it's quite versatile.  I still have to play with the settings a bit to really get the sound I want, but I think that's just learning about the effects this box provides.
Stumbled upon this while looking for another pedal. I read the reviews and decided to give it a chance; how could I lose at this price? I put it in my cart and continued shopping.Guess what...the reviewers weren't lying (except that one guy who gave it a 2..what a BS review)!It arrived today, and I decided to give it a quick workout. I grabbed a small amp (Fender Frontman 15) and plugged in my Strat (with a Seymour Duncan Hotrail at the bridge) and gave it a go. The 'quick workout' turned into an hour long jam session as I got caught up in what this pedal can do. It turned my little solid state amp into a fire breather! With the mic at off X, middle set at Hot, and California and 3/4 gain...this thing just SCREAMS for solos and is very heavy for rhythm. I spent a good deal of time with this setting just blazing away.The Tweed and Brit settings were great too, as I tweaked a multitude of tones from this beast. I've had Behringer pedals before and even though they were decent (vintage delay, slow motion, compressor, eq), I didn't get excited about them. In fact, I sold the delay and slow mo recently. This pedal however, is going to get some serious use. I'm not crazy about the plastic casing, but it seems sturdy enough. I can't recommend this pedal enough...the reviews were right! You won't be sorry.
Its one great modeler,i like the tweed that old tube sound and mic position on cabinets.I am using this with bass, gives you a really clean treble and distortion if you like also, try it  with bass you will like it.rock on.
I don't have a lot of experience with effects stomp boxes, but enough to know when I have a winner. Behringer's TM300 is made from tough plastic. The 3 other Beheringers I have had about a year don't look warn and scarred, and sound as good as the day I got them. The tube mode pedal has an incredible flavor of tones. Fender clean, bright, British crunch and distortion, a hot  Gain and sweet smooth California sound.  I am playing out of a Peavey, but I hear a tweed. Amazing clarity, and worth the $28 and change. You won't be disappointed.
Good price and sound. Classic behringer plastic housing I haven't had a problem with ever but I don't dog my stuff... Favor this over built in analog drives, nicer crunch and dirt that's flexible. Fair to say real tube is the best, but for analog and practice amps this does put some life in the tone.  Can't say for metal as I'm not so into, but everything else find this fits the bill.
I bought this product for only one reason: I have several amps that are not guitar amps, but stereo or PA-type, clean, high powered , two channels, that I want to use as guitar amps, either as the primary or backup. This tube modeler acts first as a pre-amp, and then adds gain, volume control, "crunch", whatever, to the non-guitar amps to make them sound like guitar amps. I don't really care what tube amps it models, or what mic placement, I just want the guitar amp sound and style. I also use it in front of a Behringer Ultra-G DI box, so that the DI box splits the signal coming from the TM300 and sends half to my non-guitar amps and guitar speakers on stage, and the other half to the house PA. I don't think that many people would do this.The sound you get out of this box is affected by what amp, and kind of amp you are driving with it, and also what kind of speakers that amp is driving. The acoustics of the space you are playing in also affects the sound, but I've used this box with all of its settings driving PA amps, home stereo amps, bass amps, and guitar amps, all of which drove PA speakers, bass speakers and Eminence Commonwealth 12 guitar speakers, all in the same acoustic space. Each combination of amp and speaker with all settings on the box held constant, sound different: some more like guitar  amps and speakers, some not. As I said, I don't really care about what tube amp is being modeled, only that I get an authentic guitar and speaker sound out of the box. It works for me.I read reviews that say that this is a digital knockoff of the analog Sansamp GT2, and based on its performance so far, it has served as kind of like a cheap preview of what the Sansamp can do. I would consider getting the GT2 in the future, but for now this product is, for me, the poor man's tube amp.
