it does a great job for the smallest of foggers available and low budget price.....works great with moonflowers and lasers I have gotten...the fogger enhances them greatly and is so worth the benefit it provides in regards to my lights....I really wanted to use it Halloween on treaters but it rained hard and didn't want it out on the porch.....next year!
This fog machine puts out a good amount of fog but it takes several minutes to warm up.  The fog dissipates pretty quickly and the machine has a hard time keeping up to keep the room foggy.  It's ok but not the best fog machine out there.
Great device and good price...My Wife made me try this for a Gig we had... It worked great! I love the foggy effect on stage, with a touch of lighting it really comes to life.The fog juice this thing comes with has a funky scent though. Perhaps it might be wise to get some scent thingie to toss in the tank with the juice. I don't know if the other brands of fog juice smells weird also but I have another can of juice I bought to use later. I will report on that...I gave it 5 stars although the fog juice is funky because it's not the fog juice that matters, it's how the machine works... It does what it should do.
Dont use the cheap fog liquid as it smells bad and gums up the system if you leave it in too long.I got this last year for a small party and had the smoke alarm going off in my basement within seconds.  This beast puts out lots of fog and does a nice job.It does get hot and drips at the front if you spray for too long but it does do what it's supposed to.  Also note that the cap on the machine doesn't seal well and will drip if you angle the unit too much.Keep it away from walls and floors as the oil will collect on them and leave you with a mess to clean up later.  It's best on a stand 3-4 feet off the ground.Overall build quality is very nice.  Metal case, compact, nice bracket, lighted remote telling you when it's ready.The threads on the tank are plastic as is the cap and can be damaged if you cross thread which is quite easy...
Recieved this item today in preparations for a halloween party, upon installation and testing, the unit blew a fuse..Going to buy another fuse to see if it was a random thing, if not, I'll be returning mine.. will update...UPDATE.. Radio Shack carries the correct fuses for this unit, upon changing the fuse the unit works as expected..Leaks a bit while using , so dont stand under it...But most on these things leak anyway..
Great for video/photo work or even theater. It won't handle well at a large space. If you are a light fog, this is the job for almost any situation.What I'll be using it forDj work to show laser beams and light beamsVideo work - use it to make a hoax car crash or meteor crash site (that's what you are seeing in movies)Photo work - not so much for general photography because it can make people think you shot at too high of an ISO.
