Solid music stand made of heavy metal poles and solid metal music holder. The joints that you tighten are made of a heav plastic material. If anything were to give out from use it would be the plastic parts. Right now in brand new condition everything fits well and grips solidly to hold poles in place. Arrived a day eRly.
it is a good purchase.  I expected a bit more heftiness but it does the job.  I would like the plate to be heavier, seems a little flexy
I was surprised of how well this stand is made. It's worth $45 easily. I;ve used stands for over 27 years and this is the best I;ve owned!
Wanted to buy a better stand than the cheap metal folding one that I'd had in high school.  This was a great compromise between portability/storage and sturdiness.  I did want collapsible legs, which this has, and the solid coated metal shelf is wonderful after my old metal folding stand.  Works well with the Manhasset second shelf accessory, and has been in constant use for months now.  I've had absolutely no problems with it.  The height is easily adjustable, and the shelf tilt is easy too.  Am very happy with what I got for the price I paid!
This has the largest top of any of my stands, and it is the one I use when traveling / gigs. The top doesn't fold like some of the more expensive Stagg  Hercules stands, so if you're using it for gigging, that may be something to consider. I have to lug an 88key weighted piano around, so don't mind lugging this.
This is a great music stand, I like how it's adjustable in various ways to customize it to the exact position you need it in.  It's very sturdy and well built.  I don't ever worry that it'll tip over.  I love it.  I would recommend it.
Solid constructions with enough room for my sheet music.  Very portable, though the holder can be a challenge at times.  I have another stand that collapses into a very compact unit, but if you have heavy tomes that you wish to use or several sheets that you want to string ...  this unit is superior.
This music stand is og great quality and of a great price.I have been very pleased with it. I have bought On-Stage stands in the past before, so i was sure that I wouldn't be disaapointed and I was right.Very sturdy-well built-good price.
I purchased this model for home use--not for a kid's backpack. It's solid and sturdy, easily holding a song book open--not just a few pieces of sheet music. It adjusts tall enough for standing as well as low enough to sit next to my easy chair in the evening. I often clip on a digital recorder for practice and have no threat of the top flipping down. Works for me!
I'm very happy with this stand.  It is heavy, which I knew going in.  But for my purposes, that is a plus.  The weight makes it more sturdy.  It folds up compactly, so it is quite portable, despite the weight.  Adjusts easily and holds its position.
Purchased after another folding stand which cost the same $$$ literally fell apart.  This one is much better although not quite as portable.  On the plus side, music stays put on this one, it's very stable and the height is fully adjustable.  You can buy with confidence.
This was very easy to put together! Top just slips on the folding bottom part of stand and is very adjustable. Love it!
I am very pleased with this music stand.  It is working well for me and it holds my very heavy music binders so far .  I would recommend it to others to try.
On-Stage makes decent products, but this one would have been awesome if the actual table of the stand would fold one or more times. That would have been perfect! Otherwise, it works fine.
This is a great music stand.  Very solid  feel.  No need to over tighten the adjusters.  It holds my heaviest books without tipping over.
I left my trusty Manhasset behind on a job and was about to replace it when I came upon this alternative offered by Amazon.  As banged up as a Manhasset can get from week-end warriors like me who simply throw it on top of everything else in the backseat before the long ride home, I've never had one fail on me over the past 40+ years.  There's nothing on the stand that the user can even adjust, yet all of the moving parts always seem to retain just the right amount of tension, preventing 5-10 pound folders from lowering the top half or causing it to dip forward.  But the "rub" is their non-adaptability.  The feet on the base are permanently attached as is the upper tray holding the music.  Consequently, these ubiquitous, well-proven stands can sometimes be a challenge to pack in a crowded van or sedan, especially with a couple of keyboards, amps, instrument stands, and other requisite gear on board.This is where Amazon's On-Stage Music Stand becomes attractive (of course, it doesn't hurt that it costs less than a Manhasset).  It permits you to fold up the legs to a position parallel with the shaft as well as to completely remove the upper shelf that holds the music.  Consequently, it's much easier to find a convenient place--whether in the trunk or on the floor of the back seat--for packing the stand.  Simply "slide" it into position.The drawback--apart from durability issues that some reviewers have warned about (be careful not to over-tighten those set-screws!)--is that this thing is heavy.  Frankly, I was expecting a lightweight stand, at least compared to my old Manhasset, but if you've owned or been around the latter, the first thing you're likely to notice with the stand pictured here is a palpable, substantial addition in weight. At the same time, with the moving parts and the set screws (topped by plastic, rotating, serrated wheels), the On-Stage stand doesn't give me the same amount of confidence in its durability as did the Manhasset--in other words, I'm very less likely to become careless with it and simply toss it on top of the gear-pile after a long, exhausting 4-hour gig.Bottom line: the On-Stage appears to be a good value--a truly heavy-duty stand (in most respects) that'll do extremely well as a practice stand in a studio or living room and that packs up conveniently for traveling jobs.  But don't expect it to lighten your load or, simply because it's heavier, to last longer than a Manhasset.If you do a lot of traveling and don't plan to put one of those 1000-page piano folders on the stand, there's at least one truly lightweight (albeit plastic) stand that's worked out really well for me (perhaps needless to say, some haven't--they fall apart or they're so ingeniously designed that it takes 15 minutes simply to disassemble them and put them back in their unforgiving, pint-sized cases).  But the Peak stand is made to hold up (in turn, it holds up relatively heavy music books) and has served me well for several years (just as I was about to condemn the stand, I called the company, they responded immediately by sending out a critical plastic piece that had become warped, and the Peak stand has been problem-free ever since).  It'll cost you a bit more, but not as much as some folks are willing to spend in exchange for losing a few unwanted pounds.
I've purchased other types, but I keep coming back to this one. For the $$ it's the best buy in my opinion.
On Stage makes some very nice products.  This music stand has all the adjustments as one of our favorite older units.  Well made and the price doesn't put it out of range for the everyday musician.  Really am liking On Stage products, also bought 2 of their boom mic stands and they are excellent.
