I love this light both for the music stand and for my laptop. It has two brightness settings. Illuminates an entire music stand if adjusted properly.
We got this for my young son who enjoys reading in his bed prior to going to sleep at night. He really likes this light and it is bright enough for him to read by, but not too bright that it hurts his eyes. A good buy. I could see where this could be useful in other applications, like on a music stand, but it also makes a great reading lamp attached to a bed.
I found the brightness of the light to be adequate, and would probably give it 4 or 5 stars, but it takes three AAA batteries that according to the packaging are only good for 7 hours. I did not realize this when I bought it, but after replacing the batteries a few times I went to a local music store and asked for a light that you could plug in to the AC.  They sold me the Encore model for $35, it is brighter, includes the AC adaptor and a nice carrying case  After I got home I figured out that they sell an optional AC adaptor for the hammerhead for about $10, so for only $5 I could have just bought the Encore model and been better off.  If you are going to get one of these hammerhead lights, go ahead and spring for one that includes the adaptor, it will save you a lot of money in the long run.
Not really bright enough. Both bright and lower light levels are exactly the same.  I would look for something else if I didn't already have this.  OK for reading a small book in bed, but doesn't cover the sheet music brightly enough.
This little dude does a great job. The clip works great on my music stand and the light itself has a bright display and a dimmer display to save batteries. I highly recommend. I can sit in a completely dark room and see the music fine!
Cool little light, but three minor gripes: (1) the arm is of a very flexible metal coil and almost a little too flexible, (2) the battery compartment cover comes off a little easy, and (3) the light is a little on the dim side. But I think it'll work well overall and I like the fact that it's so compact and portable.
