This pedal is very exactly and had a tune all the string quickly. It was a good purchase. I recomend it.
Actually i was planning to buy the Boss TU-2 or Boss TU-3 and i found this one, just with 2 mins reading the specification i knew this one is superior in all aspects.SHOULD GET THIS ONE.best 90$ i have ever spend.
I wrote a nasty review of this tuner a while back, blasting its performance compared to its competitors: the Korg Pitch Black and the Boss TU-3. I still own at least of each.Anyway, I have had this tuner for a few years now. Stock this tuner was awful. While attractive and compact, in single note tuning, the needle was not as fast and stable as its competitors, and the polyphonic mode wasn't accurate enough either. Moreover, the display isn't as visible as a Pitch Black or TU-3 in the sunlight. So while this tuner is great if you want something that looks nice and doesn't take up space on the pedal board, stock it just wasn't a truly great tuner.However, that was before a firmware update. After applying the latest updates, the tuner has become very usable. The polyphonic mode is still not quite good enough to rely on 100%, but the single note mode seems just as accurate as any other tuner in its price range now. So now you have a small, attractive tuner w/ true bypass that actually works. So I have changed the review from 2 to 5 stars. Also, given that the price has dropped sharply since I bought the tuner, now it is a much better bang for the buck.So yeah, buy this product with confidence, but if you have purchased it used or if you have an old PolyTune, make sure that the firmware is up to date. Without the update, this tuner was borderline terrible. With the update, it's good enough to be the tuner on my primary stage pedalboard. And in fact, it is, and it has held up to regular practices and gigs.
I found this to be very inaccurate but only on a few strings, so adjustment is not possible. I bought this because of the newer features & I like the strum & see which strings were out function but what good are nice features if the main function of the tuner is inaccurate! It's not a bad tuner, seems well built but unless you play so poorly or loud that tuning precision doesn't matter I'd go with the Korg Pitch Black (which is what I was using in my home studio - well back to what worked!)
Cool tuner, I have this on my pedal board and it works really well, very easy to seeand is true bypass which is nice when it isn't on....
I bought this pedal after looking at the Boss TU-3 and Korg Pitch Black for bass. This pedal won over the mini version because of the bass mode. Strumming all 4 or 5 strings works well for a quick tune, but I still use the chromatic function to get an exact tune. The accuracy is impressive and this pedal even worked well with the low B.I read all over bass forums and reviews of the tuner and thought to try it out. TC electronics seems to spend alot of time advertising its products in bass mags and online and some of their products are greatly overhyped IMO, but this pedal and the reviews speak for themselves.I was able to tune an electric acoustic guitar in seconds using the sweep option and even tried a cigar box guitar reading just the AD&G; strings and it worked okay.The pedal is easy to use and switching between tuning modes is a breeze. I chose to keep the clear film over the display for now to preserve the display as long as I can. I tested this sweep option on an old Ibanez artcore guitar which hasn't been played for years and even with old strings, I got a reasonable tune out of it.Strumming all strings at once seems to work better with a guitar more than a bass, but many reviews in bass mags and online also point this out although it works for a quick tune.I am happy with the pedal and hope it lasts as long as my old Boss TU-2. I feel it has changed my tuning needs into a breeze.
I like the pedal.  It's totally silent, very bright display, sensitive meter.  In fact, the only complaint I have is that the strum-every-string-at-once thing isn't as useful as you might think.  Not that I ever use it.  I'd buy this product again if I had it to do over again.
This is a great little tuner for guitar. Love the fact i can tune all 6 strings at the same time
Wow, I'm really impressed with this tuner.  Strumming the strings gives you a quick overview of which strings are out of tune and as you tune each string it automatically switches to a chromatic mode.  It's quick, it's accurate, and it just works......WELL!!!
This tuner is wonderful. You can tune all strings in same time. It's halpfull in stage, because you don't need to test each string individually.
I like the tuner and I'm definitely keeping it, but the "polyphonic" aspect of it is pretty useless. When you tune using the needle (or LED version of a needle), it will show each string as being in tune. Then when you strum and use the polyphonic mode, it often shows some strings are out! And that's even when I use the neck pick up and strum with my thumb, as the manual says to do. But the tuner works great in the single string mode, and I also like the drop D setting and the easy way to switch between the 2 modes. It also has very cool and easy ways to adjust the 440 Hz pitch, and it is very easy to switch to Eb tunings and other settings. I also like the LED lights and the automatic brightness setting. That is a very cool feature for those folks who still use batteries to power their pedals. The tuner works great, and that is its saving grace after a kinda gimmicky sales pitch regarding the polyphonic setting. So buy it, but do it because the price is right and it works great as a tuner in the traditional sense, not because of the polyphonic gimmick. (August 2013 edit as follows) I just found out a feature of this pedal that I definitely do NOT like!! I dislike it so much, I had to edit my review. I wanted to hear how some of my licks sounded in E flat. So I set the tuner to the E flat setting as explained in the manual, then I tried to tune. All the strings kept showing that they were still in standard tuning. It seems as if my drop settings on the tuner were not functioning. I wrote the manufacturer (they did get back to me quickly) and they explained that the drop tuning functions ONLY WORK in polytune mode!! So if you're like me, and you find that polytune doesn't work very well, then basically all this is is a standard needle chromatic tuner that will not tune in any other drop modes! LAME!!
