I have no idea what happened or if anyone else had this problem, but I got literally 8 plug-ins, and not the part where you can plug in an existing cable to make this into a chain. It's like I got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends. Soooo it's pretty much useless to me. I guess if you get one of those power blocks with 9v outlets on them, I guess you could plug this into it but I really see no point. I would've shipped it back I lost the packaging and just wrote it off as loss. I think I payed like $8 for it so whatever. I would recommend going to an actual music store so you can physically see both the male ends and the female end.
This daisy chain worked very well for me - no problems yet. I'm powering about six pedals currently, and I am able to use more than one without any problems or change in sound. I think this is a great way to power some basic effects without breaking the bank, and it should work with any single spot A/C adapter you might already have, so no need to buy another.
I recently received my multi plug cable (daisy chain) for use with my guitar pedals and I am very pleased with one spots, product. I can tell it is a built to last cable with eight plugs spaced out enough to allow me to put my pedals where I like them. It plugged into my Behringer 9 volt power adapter nicely. Its so nice to not to have to replace 9 volt batteries every week. A real money saver in the long run. Buy this cable.
I ordered this plug because it is advertised as a &#34;1 Spot&#34; brand plug. It is not what I received. Instead I received a generic plug  for eight 9v connections that would definitely fit the purpose, but a really cheap version. The plugs on this generic version are larger than the 1 Spot and the wires are kind of stiff plastic. The original 1 Spot plug has much smaller plugs, great for saving space on a pedal board, and the wires are soft and &#34;rubbery&#34;, again making it easier to work with on a pedal board, specially if you're working with a pedal board like Pedaltrain where you can intertwine wires in and out between bars. I informed the seller about the issue and was told it was a mistake and that they would send me the correct one. In my email to them I included an image of the original packaging of the 1 Spot 8 Plug to make sure there would be no mistake, but to my amazement they sent me another compatible plug. I emailed them again for a refund, which they promptly did. I can say, that they did respond quickly and they refunded my money. I imagine that those who order this plug without ever having worked with an original 1 Spot plug, wouldn't know the difference because although it is a really cheap version it does have eight 9v connectors. I strongly recommend, spend the extra two or three dollars and get the original 1 Spot 8 Plug.
This is the cheapest and most effective way of saving a lot of money in wasted 9v batteries that will always run out on a gig, rather than when it doesn't matter. Linked to the power supply - which is still cheaper than any of the 9v ones supplied by the manufacturer.
This cable expands the capability of the One-Spot or Godlyke 9V adapter. The quality is very good and the length between plugs is more than adequate for most pedal boards.
After reading a bunch of reviews about this product, i was not sure about buying it , but i give it a try and i am completely satisfy, it doesn't ad noise to my pedal chain, i use it with a radioshack power supply 9v 2.5 A , and a can tell that not a sound came from electric issues.I'm not saying that it is better than a voodoo lab power brick , but for me work perfect and i don't see why not taking it out for Gigs.
Man...when I saw these things a light came on in my head...it was an &#34;uh, duh&#34; moment.No noise, plenty of length and nicely spaced with right-angle plugs for all your standard 9V DC pedals.Any complaints about noise with these cables it just a symptom of something wrong within their setup.I had an old wall-wart laying around and put it to good use.Check the total amount of amperage draw (usually 500-1000 milliamps) to make sure your wall-wart can handle it and daisy-chain away!
I have 2 one spots which came with the 5 multi plug cable, after reading a little bit on the internet I read that the one spots can handle almost 10 pedals each (depends on the pedal, power handling etc.) So I saw they had an 8 plug cable and figured I would try it out. With adding many more pedals to my board, this is perfect. Def recommend if you have alot of pedals and only want to plug in once.
nice good like fine great fantastic like love nice good like love happy peppy perky free i do i do i do
