This is a fantastic little recorder, but not for $300.  I bought mine used for $75 on a bass player's forum in the classified section.  That was over 3 years ago.  It has recorded almost every show I play, which is about 2-5 gigs a month, plus a couple rehearsals.  I record for my own learning purposes, and sometimes to make very rough demo's (some audio is better than no audio!) and have come to really appreciate what this little gadget can do.  The interface is not perfect and there is a little bit of a learning curve with the settings, but if you use the Automatic Gain Control (AGC) setting, the recording level is taken care of.  I use Audacity to amplify when necessary, to normalize always, and to edit from .wav to .mp3.  Its pretty easy and I am no sound tech nor am I a studio engineer.And if you goof and unplug it before powering it down, no problem.  Just pull the SD card out, insert in to your computer, save the files on your computer as .raw files by changing the extension (but first make a copy of the original file so that if you make a mistake you have a backup) and import the file into Audacity as a .raw file. From there you can edit as normal and save your edited songs as .mp3 files.
I've had this for several years. It has worked flawlessly. It has done a pretty good job with many recordings, especially in the field. Zoom has now upgraded this unit and has other models on the market that are superior.  At the time this first came out it was one of the best on the market in its price class.
I have owned this product for a while now & it has some awesome features. This little Recorder is absolutely amazing for it's size. Takes some practice to appreciate all the features. I recommended this Recorder to a fellow musician friend & he bought one also from Amazon & he loves it & records all his gigs with it now instead of the old huge unit he was using & told me it does a much better job than his old unit. He even used his on a tripod to record a gravesite funeral service that his family can keep for memories of a loved one.
I just bought it records very well even a whisper from pretty far away. Excellent fer recording acoustic's
Finally, a product that is as simple to use as a point-and-shoot camera.  Literally, I opened the box, put in two batteries, the memory card, read the quick-start guide, put the Zoom on the included stand, and got out my mandolin and started recording.  The sound quality is great, and you can play it back directly on the Zoom by plugging in some head-buds (included).  The control buttons operate like a DVD remote, with a "menu" button, using the "fast-forward" and "reverse" to scroll through entries, and the "record" button as the "set".For someone who is not well-versed in audio terminology, gain, sampling rates, mics, pre-post amps, levels whatever, I just set it to medium gain, watched to make sure the lines don't go too far up, and was recording away in two steps.  Push "record" to test the gain level, and push "record" again, (red light stays on), to record, and push "record" to stop.  The file is saved, and then you can push play/pause to listen back.  Deleting files is a few extra steps but if you know how to program a VCR you can use this puppy.It is also handy, portable and easy to take places.  I will take it to record jam sessions, music lessons, and practice to evaluate my playing, and instrument comparisons.  The sound quality is great, and I could hear how resonant and clear my mandolin is.  I wish my playing was as great since it recorded pick noise, finger slide noise, and other assorted twangs and twings.  It records both in WAV (huge files) and mp3 (compressed), with various quality levels to choose from.  You can easily connect it to a computer (Windows/Mac) with the included USB cable.The only thing missing is a remote.  Since you have to push the button on the recorder, you have to move to it to activate/deactivate it.  Also picks up noise from your movements.  But for the price $199, it's a real gem.I always look for the one thing in a product that is a surprise, doesn't cost a lot and delights the customer.  On this one, it is the included wind sock, a tiny foam cap that you can slip on top of the unit to screen the wind for outdoors recording.  Cool!
This small device has amazing quality. The built-in mic records very well compared to those tiny hand-held mono-recorders. Mic gain controls boost volume BUT add some noise (like reviews state) but when used on low-gain, record quite well. Audio-IN records even better when used with good microphones and a mixer (I used a Behringer U-802) for AMAZINGLY clear recordings. Several types of SDHC cards work well and have NOT found a card that did NOT work with this device. Even NiMH (1.2V) batteries can power this, although alkaline (1.5V) last longer.CON: The plastic case is vulnerable to scratches and breakages so treat carefully.
I purchased this after reading many favorable reviews online and it seemed like a good unit for the price. After trying to use it I promptly returned it. I do sound for concerts and wanted a recorder to connect to the sound board to record shows.  I have used a minidisc recorder to do this but wanted something that would easily inferface with my computer.  I tried recording on the H2 using it's line in jack and recording from a line out or tape out my Mackie sound board or my stereo receiver.  No matter how I set the levels the recording on the H2 was very distorted.  I played with the record levels and the AGC and limiter functions and tried recording from several different audio sources and always got a very distorted signal.  I have used my minidisc for the same application for many years and have never had a problem and have always got very clean, good quality sound.  The problem with my H2 was that the gain on the mic and line inputs appear to be the same and are meant for a mic level signal, which caused any line level signal to overdrive the preamp. Recording from the internal mics seems to work fine.  I have worked with professional sound equipment for over 25 years and the Zoom recorders are the only brand where I have found this problem.The H2 has a nice menu set up and the instructions are very easy to follow but if you want good line level recordings, look for something else.  I exchanged this model for an H4n and it had the same problem recording a line level signal, but not as bad as the H2.  I finally ended up getting the Tascam DR-07 which I am very happy with.  It has a few less bells and whistles but appears to overall be a better quality recorder.
I also own an Olympus LS-10.  This gives me the same recording ability 96/24 but it is much less expensive.  You do get the ability to record with four channels which I am dying to try once I get my hands on 5.1 encoding software.  Also nice and not included with other brands, A tripod to hold the unit, a handle to use the unit like a microphone, charger, and earbuds.Some have noted the zoom doesn't have speakers built in.  If you truly want to monitor quality those tinny little built in speakers are not going to cut it.  You need monitors or quality headphones.  I find that inner ear monitors work best in noisy environments.As I said in the title there is a tradeoff in terms of material.  Olympus does seem to have more robust casing and controls.  This may be a big issue if you don't treat your equipment carefully.  Time will tell, but I have no doubt that this zoom unit is a solid product especially for the money.I am also looking at the Zoom H1 which will come out in Sept. 2010.  This product may actually be the LS-10 killer.
There are so many reviews of this little jewel, I won't bother going into details but it's everything I could have hoped for and more. The sound quality is amazing and it's very easy to use. I'm using it for so many things including a music player for my truck. I take it everywhere and it has never let me down. I had to get my own carrying case but for the quality versus price and accessories that ARE included, I have no complaints.
awesome product works great. it even lets you set your level recording options for low or high level or between settings.it has lots of cool features listed in the manual are clearly defined how to use in manual.short version it's awesome.
A year ago, I wrote a lengthy comparison of theEdirol R-09 WAVE/MP3 Recorder, Blackand theZoom H4 Handy Recorder + 2GB Accessory Kit(pre-accessory kit).  I wanted a high quality, easy to use recorder, so even though the H4 had all of the features of the Edirol and sold for considerably less, I kept the Edirol because it was so much easier to use.Zoom has responded with the H2, a scaled down version of the H4 with all of the features of the R-09 and all of the controls right where you need them.  The H2 even has additional features over the R-09, but they don't get in the way.  For example, there's a choice of a 90 degree recording pattern, a 120 degree recording pattern, and even a surround sound option. Samsontech has some nice video demonstrations on its website.One big complaint I've had with the Edirol is the cost of its add-on stand.  Unlike the Edirol, the H2 comes with a simple stand.  In addition, the H2 has a threaded hole so that it can be mounted on a standard digital camera tripod!  On a separate note, it's much easier to replace batteries with the H2 than the Edirol.Recently, I got together with friends and recorded the same live acoustic music on both the Edirol R-09 and the Zoom H2.  I used Adobe Audition only to normalize both tracks (that is, equalize their loudness).  The first time we played them back, I thought I detected a VERY slight preference for the Edirol, with the overall opinion of the group split between the two units.  The second time we played them back, my preference was for the H2, with overall opinion continuing to be split.  We all agreed that the differences were so small as to be negligible if there were any at all.I do prefer the Edirol's control buttons to the H2's membrane and I'm not about to sell the Edirol, perhaps because I am more familiar with the Edirol and don't want to give it up just yet. Also, the Edirol R-09 is the darling of the moment.  However, if I owned neither, I couldn't justify the huge bump in price of the Edirol over the H2 and would opt for the H2. When I went to a music party last weekend and knew I'd need only one recorder, I grabbed the H2.
The main advantage of this recorder to me is that I can get a good result without knowing much.I've made some surprisingly good recordings of choir concerts in various venues without any special knowledge, though I'm sure knowing more would make my recording sound better.About the only thing you should absolutely learn is to set the mic gain correctly so you don't overpower the mic. I don't use auto gain.If anything I try to err on the side of low. Excellent low noise property of the unit means that, except some rare cases, I can just boost the sound later on PC and the result is still more than passable for my purpose.
I play and teach classical guitar and needed a good digital recorder with which to record myself and my students and also be able to convert to mp3 format to upload to the internet.  I've recorded several solo pieces and it does pick up the guitar very well, including all string squeaks and fret buzzes (darn it).  So, it will force you to clean up your playing a bit.  If you are a musician and want a recorder that is very portable and relatively easy to use, then this little gadget is quite good.  It won't give you "recording studio" quality, but you can clearly hear the deep tones of a classical guitar and no hiss, or background noise (unless you have big-mouthed birds like I do) so you're recording is very clear.When I get ready to record, I set the gain as described in the manual, then set the recorder on my music stand and begin playing.  Since I bought the 4G card, I can play the piece as many times as I need too in a row without worrying about it running out of memory just as I finally play the piece to my specifications.  Also, if you connect the H2 to an electrical outlet and not rely on the batteries, that is one less worry.  Your H2 won't die during recording because the batteries give out.I can't really tell any difference in the recording quality with or without the wind sock that came with it.  It sounds the same.  I guess if I were a singer I would use it to screen out wind but a guitar doesn't really need it.  Yes, the screen is very small and difficult to read - I keep a magnifying glass handy, but now I've pretty much got the button pushing sequences memorized and don't need to use it as often to see the screen.  Also, download a free editing program such as "Audacity" so you can convert your recordings to various formats.I'd give it 5 stars if the case was a little more substantial.  It seems fragile and I dropped it once but luckily it bounced off my foot which had a big fuzzy house shoe on it so it didn't break.  But it might have if I had not broken it's fall.  And you will need a longer USB cord.  I can't believe the one they sent was so short.  But that is a very easy fix and overall this is one nice little tool.  And for the price, I'd buy it again!  :-}UPDATE 2.22.12I'm still using the H2 Zoom on almost a daily basis to record my students playing and my own playing.  I still love it, it works great and I feel I really purchased a great item.
Not sure that title is good grammar, but anyway: I have gotten so much use out of my H2!  I'm a music teacher, and I have recorded music classes and performing groups.  Being able to so easily record a class and then have them listen to themselves has been really eye (and ear-) opening for those kids!It is very easy to use.  The various recording quality settings are useful, so you can do anything from a high quality record to a more space-saving mp3 setting.You can record stereo from just in front of the unit, or you can turn on 4-way, all-around recording.I've used mine a lot also just recording myself on various instruments.  I often record one part of a duet, then play along with it.You can do some editing on the unit, but it's easier to download the track and use some software to do it.  I have gone direct to disk, though, just by cutting off a little noise at beginning or end, which is some of the editing you can do on the H2.There is little to fault with it.  It takes a while to rename a track, for instance, but there again you could do it on your desktop after you download.Prior to this I had a Sony minidisc recorder, which was all right but really was already obsolete by the time I bought it. I finally got tired of messing with discs.I am very glad I got the H2.
I'm raising my rating, and the result?  Getting "demoted" from the front page.  In any case, even though I recently picked up the Sony PCM-D50 from Amazon, I'm sufficiently impressed by the Zoom H2 to give it 5 stars and endorse it for anyone who wants professional quality results without the grief and expense of 8-16 track digital recorders or even the fuss of more complicated personal recorders.  For quite a while its only competition was the Edirol-R09, but as the price has come down, the Zoom H2 stands out from its immediate competition. Currently, the H2 is my "back-up" unit.  But for convenience or stealth purposes, I often use it as my main recorder.Anyone who receives this item is guaranteed to be impressed.  Production values haven't been spared in terms of the packaging; the included equipment (no batteries but a power adapter, protective pouch, handy table stand, mic stand adapter, wind screen, ear buds, USB cable, and a 256mb SD card); and the manual (a quick set-up sheet plus an ample booklet with generous-sized print written in clear, idiomatic English that makes some of Sony's recent instruction manuals look torturous by comparison).The screen and controls, admittedly, are minuscule, requiring sharp eyes (though the screen is well-illuminated) and nimble fingers (I much prefer the knobs and slider switches of my Sony to the touch-pad of the Zoom).  What's encouraging about this recorder, apart from the price, is that the designers at Zoom have made the H2 with the genuine audiophile and/or all-around musician in mind.  It's not simply another "guitar player's gadget," loaded down with an endless supply of effects, loops, rhythm and bass tracks, files within files, programs buried within programs.  The H2, unlike my pricey Sony, can handle both .wav and mp3 protocol, has microphone fields ranging from 90 degrees to 360 degrees,  is capable of applying compression limiting to recorded files, offers a wide range of sensitivity and placement for recording lectures, conversations, solo performers and orchestras.  In short, the device promises to deliver the quality of some of recorders costing a thousand or more--and in a practical digital storage card format.Other Pluses:  Although the instructions are quick to point out the input for an external microphone (the pictured ones are the two popular stereo mics made by Sony, costing $60 and $90 respectively), the Zoom onboard mic (actually 4) is darn good.  It captured the range and resonance of a grand piano and even managed to pick up a conversation in the kitchen and a grandfather clock's  chimes from upstairs.  And it's reassuring to see a mic with a surface area reminiscent of the mics of the past (a single tiny hole is more common these days).  Getting the recorded signal onto a computer's hard-drive is expedited with the included USB.2 cable, and from there you can edit the wave pattern in a program like Cool Edit (which I strongly recommend over editing in the recorder).  There's also a metronome on board (potentially useful for a student musician during practice sessions) and a tuner (useful for a student musician or a pro who wants his instrument to be in tune before recording).Possible drawbacks: 1. Zoom admittedly has overdone things a bit with all of the audiophile bells and whistles--limiters, compressors, cut-off levels, AGC control, auto-dynamic levels, sensitivity ratios, panning effects, and the list goes on.  It's too easy to miss a step, to waste precious time fumbling with the menu, to find your fingers going numb while making all of these tiny adjustments.  Moreover, the instructions, while clear and abundant, omit much information that would help the beginner.  The hypothetical audience keeps changing from someone who's a complete newbie to someone who's a knowledgeable aficionado.  And I have great difficulty imagining a harried band director or impatient student taking the time to fiddle with scrolling through the tiny screen's menu to get to a metronome or tuner. (Frankly, with 75 kids squirming in their seats I'd go to the old single-function, dial-up, block-shaped metronome without a second thought.)2. The H2 is so light that using it with the AC adaptor seems rather incongruous if not highly unlikely.  Undoubtedly you'll want to pick up a 2 to 4 GB SD card and a good supply of double A batteries (it takes only 2) to record in the field.  At standard MP3 (128-meg) quality, you should be good for dozens of hours.  (The adaptor would have made more sense if Zoom had enabled it to charge batteries that could remain in the recorder.)3. My H2 would not connect to my iMac with OSX Leopard without downloading an upgrade from the Zoom site. After having some difficulty with the install, I decided to forget about it and simply transfer files in "real time."What's encouraging about this recorder, apart from the price (2/3 of the H4, 1/2 of the Edirol R-9) is that the designers at Zoom have made the H2 with the genuine audiophile and/or all-around musician in mind.Perhaps the primary deal-maker or breaker: The tiny screen and small controls.  Until mastering the miniaturization, I would want to have a "back-up" cassette recorder for any performance that I judged of special importance.  As for build quality, my H2 is like new after almost 18 months use. Undoubtedly you'll want to pick up a 2 to 4 GB SD card and a good supply of double A batteries (it takes 2) to record in the field.  At standard MP3 (128-meg) quality, you should be good for dozens of hours.  (The adaptor would have made more sense if Zoom had enabled it to charge batteries that could remain in the recorder.)My H2 would not connect to my iMac with OSX Leopard without downloading an upgrade from the Zoom site. After having some difficulty with the install, I decided to forget about it--especially after seeing how slow (I mean really, "overnight" slow) the machine is in "Normalizing" a long file or converting it from .wav to mp3.  What takes minutes with a software program like Sound Studio or WireTap Studio requires hours when you're using the Zoom as a computer interface.  Use it for what it does best--namely, produce realistic audio from a tiny, weightless, durable device that practically makes the added attractions gratuitous and frankly puts to shame  its expensive rivals.
Excellent Sound quality.Very functional and easy to work with.Small enough to take along.It is my most used Gear in my life right now. I don't want anything else.
If you can read the tiny little screen, this thing records nicely. But it's a pain in the Axx to move from one selection to the other. There were a couple of times I almost threw against the wall. It has a tendency to completely freeze up and the on/off switch does nothing. You have to pull the batteries out and reinstall them for the damn thing to work again.
