Made of leather or high-quality pleather, so it seems built-to-last. I use it on my Seagull and it totally works great. I would definitely recommend, but it's kind of expensive for what it is.
very smart & handy design that my acoustic guitar doesn't have to be drilled a hole for.  it's very easy to buckle the guitar strap on the neck & its botton button of the guitar, that is!
I may have misunderstood the product description but I prefer the string tied to the end of my acoustic over this. My issue is that it makes my guitar really high up when I play in a standing position and there is no way to adjust the strap the make it longer. If you play sitting down a lot then this would probably work for you. Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn't what I thought.
Nothing special here. If you don't like doing the shoelace thing with your acoustic guitar strap, and you don't want to bore a hole in the heel, then this is a nice compromise. There are slits on both ends of the leather, which means you can reverse the button if you don't want the logo on the front of the guitar neck/headstock. You could even flip it inside-out and have the soft leather side exposed. I subtracted a star because I think the button should be made out of metal instead of plastic.
Purchased it to use on a 00-28 slotted headstock Martin and it just didn't fit well for me. Also found it extremely difficult to attach and remove. A string style worked a lot better, was a lot easier to attach and remove, and provided a lot more options for where it good be placed.
I bought this for my Sigma DMC-15E, it allows my guitar to hang better than the lasso type headstock straps and looks much better, they leather is very high quality and is very supple.
For those Martins and Sigmas, as well as, other guitars without a neck brace button, this is the secure way to connect your strap. Forget the leather shoe-string clipping that comes with some straps, this is secure and won't ever end up with loose ends on the first fret. Nothing to tie or untie, a quick button connection is all that's needed. Just make sure your choice of strap is long enough since the distance to the neck is greater than the guitar body. Doesn't improve functionality but, the matching logo is a nice touch for Martin and Sigma guitars.
I have a Martin D35 acoustic and strapping it with the string knot around the neck is honestly a bit annoying to do - so i figure what's a $10 investment going to do for me?make things easier and CLEANER LOOKING - that's what!i like it because it really just makes puting the strap on the guitar that much easier and removing it again an easy task.I bought the martin strap to match the color.Martin 18AMS2 Martin Leather Guitar Strap - Brownjust being a martin brand nut i suppose!
Am totally pleased that I did not have to drill my guitar to use a strap on it ! Works great,get one!!!
The connection strap is a great enhancement for my D18 and fits wonderfully. Just one caution...I noticed a couple of scratches on the neck near the Headstock and finally determined that the "Button" was pressing on the neck when in the case.(I have occasion to pack and unpack several times per month)  It's easy to connect and disconnect so that's the "Prevention Mode" I now have in place. Wonderful set-up and I highly recommend it to to ALL Martin Owners!
Why didn't I think of this? Is what it is and does what it says its does. From Martin, nuff said!
This was a bit hard to install; over or under the strings? We tried both. Over the strings, it would slide below the nut, which isn't good. Under the strings, and it muffled a few. So we kind of WOVE it, above some and under others. Other than that, it works fine, holds the strap with no problems. And it puts the name &#34;Martin&#34; on the lowliest box guitar ;). In hindsight, I'd have probably just got a strap button and mounted it to the base of the neck. But if you don't want to do that, and hate the &#34;lace&#34; approach, this will do the trick. It may even fit better on different guitars, ours is a 50 year-old Norma (that actually sound AMAZING considering its origins; guess old wood just SOUNDS better). And the price is VERY right to be able to claim you own &#34;A&#34; Martin, lol.
This beats using a adhoc string going around the headstock on my Martin. I've heard horror stories about these devices coming loose and the guitars going head first into the floor! Strings might look tacky but they'll stay on there if tied properly!Just make sure the button portion is thru the hole in your strap SECURELY, then pulled it snugly so it won't pull out.
This is a vey simple fix to a constant problem with guitar straps and where to connect the strap to your guitar.  It goes on in a jiffy and the over the neck strap connects easily.  It is a great idea and worth the cost.  I hate having to drill a hole in my guitars.
This is what I have been looking for for my accoustic guitar.  Makes my life easier when I pack up and set up the equipment.
I like to attach ALL of my guitars by the neck/headstock instead of using thetop button, and have just used the typical shoestring in the past, but no more.Once you get this baby on the strap, it is not going anywhere.I have a few of these installed on guitars (and one bass) I play a lot.They (obviously) give a lot more support than a string, and will not dig in tothe finish as a string might.Give it a try, you just may like the way the guitar sits, as you don't get the neckdrop that comes with just attaching to the body of the guitar.
Just what I needed...easy to attach and saved drilling a hole for my guitar strap. Works like a charm!I recommend this product.
