Love Elixir strings! I bought my first pack, over 7 years ago and I've been hooked. They last, at least, twice as long as traditional copper wound strings, and sound even better. GET THESE! These make my cheap $50 acoustic guitar, sound almost as good as my Martin...no kidding.
I first discovered Elixir strings when I purchased my Taylor and I've been a convert ever since.  They cost roughly two or three times as much as uncoated strings but are well worth it.  If your hands perspire when you play, this product will keep your strings sounding new and fresh.  They sound great on my Martin too !
I have used these strings for years and this was a great price. Shipping time was good.
Purchased these strings after having tried Blue Steel strings on my son's acoustic guitar.  He prefers the Elixir strings over the Blue Steel strings. He says they last a lot longer and sound better, too.
I started using these at the suggestion of a friend a couple of years ago.They sound great and hold their tone for a long time.I jam with friends a couple of times a week and these strings hold up for a long time!!
My husband got these and they don't get dirty as quickly, which is a plus.  Initially the sounds aren't as clear as the uncoated ones, but it wears off after a couple of hours of play and you wouldn't know the difference.  He'll buy them again.  No difference in putting the new strings on from the regular kind.
I have been using these strings for 7 years.  At first I used the Elixir Polywebs, but those things broke all the time.  I switched to these and haven't broke a string since.  If you play a Gibson or Martin I would buy a heavier string, but these match well with my 414ce Taylor.  Because of the price I don't use these on my cheap Fender Acoustic, for that I suggest Earthwoods.  I even use the Electric version of these strings on my American Srat, very pleased there as well.
Elixir is my favorite brand of strings. I bought these seeking strings with longer life (after a bad experience w/  D'Addario strings only lasted a week or 2) and boy i'll tell you these babies LAST! i only change these strings twice a year & the coating makes it more comfortable & easier to slide on the strings. I love the bright sound you get and they are easy to tune & they also keep in tune good & overall these string are a must try for EVERY guitarist
By far the best acoustic strings, period. They sound great, and last forever. TheElixir Nanoweb Electric Custom Light Guitar Stringsare the best electric strings ever, and these are the best acoustic strings. Fantastic.
What can I say, I am a string snob! Ive tried MANY different kinds of strings for my acoustics and the Elixir Nanowebs are by far the best strings I have ever played.I had a set of another major brand on a cheap Washburn I bought, and I changed them out with these strings and WOW what a HUGE difference. The guitar has such a great ring to it.Also use these on my Taylors. These will give any quitar a beautiful voice!Pros:LifeSoundPlayabilityQuality and DurabilityCons:Price
