Hundreds of sounds to choose from.Tones, bands, specific songs, sounds.Built in tunerManually adjust Tone, drive, bass mid treble, gain pitch, chorus phaser tremolo, Tape echo sweep echo delay, reverb and master volumeMp3 inHeadphone / line outLoop recordingVery versatile and very fun.Twang to Slayer in a flip of a preset.
This amp is non stop fun.  Has so many features.. I head to the 90s and it has all the sounds i like for that decade..it sounds great at low volume and has some amazing models that sounds like the real thing.
I got this amp recently, at a local store, and so far im loving it, i also aqcuired the MKII Foot Controller and is a perfect combination. Tons of sounds and it can be 100% edited to fit your demands. Nice volume coming out of it also, for 75 watts it seems more.Recommended
I've been playing rock and blues for over 40 years. I've owned a number of amps over the years including a 1960s Ampeg 40 Watt combo, and a pre-CBS 100 watt Fender Showman, and my latest, a Crate 5212 50 Watt tube amp that I bought about 10 years ago.  I also have a small Peavy 50 Watt solid state combo.  The Crate has always sounded great, and it's what I use exclusively in my basement studio, but it  weighs a ton and the clean channel has always had a habit of fading in and out (despite numerous repair attempts), so I've been using the Peavy when I play out.  The last time I did, I was really unsatisfied with the sound and decided to look for something else.  I own a Line6 pocket Pod and love it so I looked into the Line6 amps.When I found that I could get a 75 Watt modeling amp with a looper and a more presets than I could go through in a lifetime for less than $300, I ordered one from Amazon, sight unseen and unheard.  Out of the box I was amazed at just about everything.  The clean amp models are crisp and clear, the dirty ones thick and rich.  The effects that I have played around with so far are amazing, and I cannot detect any difference between them and my digital delay, phaser and overdrive pedals that cost about the same as the whole Spider IV 75. And the thing is loud!  Very loud.  As I get more experience with the amp, I'm sure that I'm going to want to tweak the built in presets to my taste, but even right out of the box the sound is pretty awesome.I'm sure that a lot of pro purists out there would laugh at the idea of a 75 Watt solid state combo with 1 12" speaker as their main amp, and if you've got $1800 to spend and a roadie, I guess they'd be right. But for the money, the sound, the size and the very light weight (36 lbs) alone make this a fabulous deal. Add in the modeling and the effects (high quality individual floor pedals or rack devices to replicate these effects could cost thousands of dollars just by themselves), and compared to my $750 Crate VC5212, at $300 the Spider IV 75 seems like an almost impossibly large gain in overall function. I doubt that I will use my Crate again (except when guests come to jam).And then the less than good...It doesn't come with a foot switch.  You have to buy one if you want to be able to use the looping in any realistic way and/or take advantage of the 4 channels on the fly, and to upload new firmware to the amp.  And of course you really want to do all if that (and more), so a foot controller is essential.  I opted for the FBV Express Mk II, the smallest and least expensive model with a pedal.  It lets me access all 4 channels as well as the looper and acts as a volume/wah controller.  It was another $100.  It is really essential, so in my mind the price of the Spider IV 75 is really just under $400.And  it doesn't come with any manuals to speak of.  All the manuals are available online for free, but of course you have to download them and print them.  And these manuals are essential to access all but the most basic functions of the amp. If you do not have access to a computer and a printer (I guess there are some people somewhere in the world who do not),I guess you're SOL.  The "Advanced Guide" is the essential one for using the amp, and is only 3 pages long. That's too short to explain everything you need to know in enough detail, and it's not particularly well-written. There'a another manual for using the free downloadable software that lets you edit the presets at a low level that is another 21 pages long.  I have not explored it much yet, but I suspect that it will be written similarly.  Once again, if you do not have a computer with an internet connection, there is a bunch of stuff that it is possible to do with the Spider IV 75 that you will not be able to do.My guess is that it would have probably added $150 to the list price of the amp for Line6 to have included a pedal and hard copies of the manual, and at $450, the amp would seem less attractive to many, so Line6 opted to handle things the way they did. Bottom line is still that this is still an unbeatable deal.Very HIghly Recommended.JM Tepper
I don't gig. It is unlikely that I will ever play in front of a crowd. But if you're like me, play as a hobby and like to fart around with various sounds and genres, this amp is a blast. It is very likely that I will play a Johnny Cash song on Tuesday and a Metallica song on Wednesday. Pretty much just make sure your guitar is in tune and dial up the sound. No pedals, no hours of minor tweaks, just punch it up and learn the song. Virtually every genre is represented here. I also have to mention that although I like metal, I rarely play it. I prefer traditional R'n'R sounds and the Spider IV recreates tons of my favorites in addition to the high gain ultra noisey sounds. Even with the best modeling in the world, my Les Paul does not sound like a Strat being played through 65' Fender. It sounds digital. No getting around it.Something else that weighed into my purchase was durability. Although I only play for fun, I still play 2-3 hours a day. My 9 year old also is learning to play, so it gets a lot of use and moves from game room to garage to bedroom daily. The one thing that was common in virtually all of the reviews of Line 6 amps was that they were long lasting and durable. I have a family member that is a professional musician and one of his band members gig with the larger 120 just becuase they can take such a beating.Ultimately I decided that for the price ($300 at the time), I couldn't beat the Line 6. There is just no comparing a tube amp with effect pedals against a solid state modeling amp. They sound better, more prefessional. They are also designed to be played loud to get the most out of the tubes. Although the Line 6 sounds tinny and at max volume, for in home play, it sounds terrific. There are mountains of reviews that compare the Line 6 to Vox, Marshall or Fender. They are ALL better than the Line6, every one of them. But be prepared to pay 10 times the price for effects pedals, head units, cabinets, cables, etc. to get those flawless professional sounds. Good amp, great value.
I had been looking for an amp for home practice and for live playing.  Ultimately, my search was narrowed down to this Spider and a Fender Mustang.  After reading many Amazon reviews, I ultimately chose the Spider over the Fender because (i) I read that the Fender amps gave off a hissing noise, particularly with the clean channels, and (ii) the Spider had better rock/metal tones, which is one genre I play, among others.  Regarding the sound, it is unbelievable!  And, to be quite honest, I've only been using the presets!  The cleans are ultra clear, and the rock tones are amazing.  And, this thing is LOUD.  In conducting some internet research, having a mega-watted amp is not necessary and is, in fact, not recommended.  I discovered that the reason for this is because the "sweet spot" for the volume is going to be when the amp is about three-quarters of the way up.  In home practice, unless you aren't married and live in the boonies, you won't get there.  With live play, this could hold it's own and in the sweet spot.  As another reviewer mentioned, if you need something louder because you're in a larger venue, the amp will be mic'd anyway.One note...Line 6 does somewhat force you to purchase one of the pedals because you need the pedal to update the amp.  I purchased theLine 6 FBV Express MkII 4-button Foot Controller, and I'm very happy with it.  I like the larger foot pedal switches on this 4-pedal switch, rather than the small buttons on the model up from that (a 6 button pedal board).Finally, I chose this Spider IV over the Spider IV 120 amp version, in part, because this Spider has a larger speaker (a 12") and the other Spider IV 120 watt model has two 10" speakers.  I feel that the larger speaker provides better lower tones.
I started two years ago with a 15 watt Spider III, then along with other amps, bought a Spider Jam. I thought they were all great.  Now they come out with Spider IV, and the difference in the sound is dramatic.  They are getting very, very close to tube sound.  So much so that for the lousy $299, compared to say $1000+ for 75 watts of tube, this is a real steal.Loaded with features, and hundreds of presets, it has something for everyone. The Pitch Shifter and 18 available manual settings just add to the fun. And it will work with either generation of FBV pedalboard. Says so right in the manual. The only difference I see is with the generation II pedal you get a USB port.Does it sound as creamy and smooth as my Peavey Delta Blues or Crate Palomino tube units?  No, there is still a little digital overlay around in there.  But most people who are looking for a great home based amp, or maybe a church or small gig amp, this is a WINNER and the price is just nuts.  Forget the Peavy Vyper, this is hands down much better and you don't have to sink another couple hundred in a pedal to get to all the presets like the Vyper.
Wow! This little amp packs tons of tone & sound. Hundreds of presets that are going to take some time to explore fully. The  clean channels are really clean & the dirty channels are just plain nasty. 75 watts is enough power to blow your socks off. Lots of bang for the buck here.
A modeling amp will literally model existing Amps, Artists, and Songs from different years.This amp does not have on board song or drum loops like the Spider Jam.If you are trying to get a specific sound of a band or musician or place in time, then this isyour amp.If you need a practice amp, go with the Jam.I have both amps and as far as I am concerned, the Jam is a far better modeling amp as it does what the Spider 4 does plus drum and song tracks that you can play along with plus a whole lot more, even if it is based on the Spider 3 technology with a JM4 Looper as its engine.While the Spider 4 (I have the 150) is a nice amp, it is VERY SPECIFIC to the user needs and isnot that flexible.I do not agree that both amps are worthless without the foot pedals, as I used the Jam for a longtime without, and only acquired the Express pedal when I ordered the Spider 4.Also be very aware that the Line 6 documentation on their amps is very, very lacking, to put it mildly, and there so-called on line videos and user groups are just as lacking as their documentation.
I own several tube amp combo and half-stack. However, I wanted a smaller, lighter combo that would be easy to transport and wouldn't need any pedals, but would also be loud enough to practice with a drummer. The line 6 spider IV 75-watt combo was the perfect solution. Up to this point I haven't been very impressed by solid-state technology. Sure, the cleans are glassy and crystal-clear, and some sound ok with the gain cranked and mids scooped at super low volume, but as soon as you turn up the volume a bit or try to dial in a smooth, bluesy overdrive, the sound turns to crap. Not so with the spider IV. I've been extremely impressed with all the different amp models. ALL of them. The different amp models each have their unique sound and characteristics, which means that your tonal options are literally limitless. I play mostly metal and hard rock, thougn I use less gain and more mids than is typical among players of the genre.I'd describe it as a hard rock tone with a vintage edge. And I was able to get that tone in less than a minute of fiddling. The tone in general is surprisingly warm and organic- very tube-like, which is a comparison that I don't make lightly. Additionally, the highs don't have that artificial "tinny" sound that so often occurs in solid-state. Solos and leads have more of the natural, smooth quality that tube amps are valued for.The effects are fun to play with, though I've never used many effects in my playing. I really like having multiple user pre-sets, so I can dial in the tones that I use the most and then switch between them at the press of a button. The artist pre-sets are cool; it's interesting to see Line 6's take on the sound of many popular bands and songs. Some are surprisingly good, like Cliffs of Dover, Master of Puppets, and Sunshine of Your Love, while others don't really sound like the artist, like Killswitch Engage.I'm also impressed with the quality of the celestion speaker that comes with the amp; it holds up pretty well even at higher volumes. The tone has continually improved as I've broken in the speaker.Just in conclusion, there's basically nothing this amp can't do at least fairly well. All the amp models actually sound good (can't say the same about my roland cube), and when you combine that with all the effects, tuner, mp3 connection, and user and song & artist presets, it's a winning combination. This will never be my main stage amp, but for practice purposes I couldn't be more pleased with the spider IV.*edited to add*: A few months later I bought the FBV express pedal board. It's a simple, affordable way to get more out of the amp by making channel switching easy and adding a volume/wah pedal. Especially if this is your main amp, I recommend getting a FBV pedal to go with it.
