First off, the shipping was fantastic. It shipped the very next day and came VERY well protected in perfect condition. It is an extremely well made and solid product. I think a few people have given this Les Paul a rep of just being a "Starter Guitar". Trust me when I say, I have no problem leaving my Les Paul Standard at home and taking this one to a gig. It plays well and the sound?? INCREDIBLE. It even has a great acoustic sound to it when not plugged into an amp. I can't say enough good things about this guitar it's that good. If you're thinking aout buying this guitar, don't. Just buy it!! BUY IT!!
It'd been about 6 years since I've had an electric guitar. I traded my old one off to pay a debt and just never returned. I decided recently after moving back to my home town that I was going to get back into playing electric guitar, only this time I wanted it to be more than a &#34;hobby&#34;. I fully intend on doing local gigs for fun and some side cash and this guitar will EASILY deliver.It came in perfect condition. The action is set perfectly and I don't have any issues with buzzing strings. It comes with clear (black) control knobs, which I'll likely replace with something a bit prettier. But overall this is a great guitar. It even sounds amazing, it really does have that ballsy sound of a LP..... because well 0_o it IS a LP. Its no Gibson, but it IS a LP!Very happy with this purchase!!!!
Purchased primarily for Rocksmith and it works very well for that.  Still learning how to play, but like the feel of this guitar.  Looks great and plays great.  Was packaged very well.  Only needed minor setup adjustments. I would recommend getting strap locks.
I am editing my previous review on this little guitar after taking the time to properly set it up, dial it in and play it for a while.  I edited yet again as someone didn't appreciate my "gloating" over other guitars I own.  Sorry to offend YOU.I made a knee jerk review (again) right after I got this.  But in all fairness I received my Gibson Les Paul on the same day, buying IT from my local music store and professionally set up, ready to go.  I was comparing apples and oranges, so to speak.  But now, even after comparing them to each other, they really aren't that far apart.The Gibson is the best guitar I've ever owned and made my previous comparison based on it.  But this little baby is now my second favorite.My other review was NOT FAIR!!!!!!  I paid a lot more for the Gibson and 149 bucks for this Epiphone.  Dollar for dollar this little Ephiphone is a steal!!!!  WOW!!!I must honestly admit, the edge goes to my Gibson, but not by as much as you'd think.  This little Epiphone is an outstanding guitar, regardless of price.  If I were to play them each blindfolded I would never guess one was $149 guitar, ever!  The tone of the Epiphone is much like the Gibson Les Paul.  It's easy to play, comfortable and has a sweet sound.  I can either rock out with it or mellow out and play the blues or classic rock.To be honest, I will probably play this Epiphone a LOT more than the Gibson.  After all, if I ding this one up I haven't broke the bank.  I think I'll tend to use this one a lot more than the other.I am very happy with this Epiphone Les Paul and will proudly play and OWN it.  I am amazed they can make this thing for the money they charge.  I may purchase another one and put it away as I'm sure the price won't stay this low.  PLUS, I'll get another one in a different color!!  You can never have too many guitars..  I am going to an a pickguard to this one.  The finish on it is outstanding and I'd like to keep it that way.If I were thinking of learning to play the guitar, this one is a no-brainer....BUY IT!!!If you're an established player looking for a really nice practice guitar, I'd buy this one is a heartbeat.  I was shocked at how sweet it sounds, how good it looks, how comfortable and light it is and how well it plays.  Sure it was way out of tune and required a few height adjustments but now it is FANTASTIC.New rule for me, no writing reviews until I own the product for at least one week!!!!!
this is a beautiful guitar...the finish is amazing...and the tone is very clear...if you can't afford several hundreds or thousand for a les paul...this is a fun and very good guitar for the money...has 6 strings,,,from e to e...and if you know the g chord you will have lot's of fun...the volume control goes to 11 ,if you want to kick it up a notch...(only kidding)
Epiphone LP Special II Les Paul Electric Guitar, EbonyHello again. I have written a review on this guitar just after I purchased it and now it's been over a year and I still stand by my positive review. I own about 8 guitars now and this guitar is one of two of my favorites. My other favorite is a Dean electric 12 string.  When I hold and play this Epiphone Les Paul special 2 guitar it feels and sounds like something I could take on stage but it doesn't have the cost associated with a Gibson. What's also amazing is that it's still around a $150. It's well worth the noney. It stays in tune and it high quality. Well worth the money. I just purchased an electric/acoustic Epiphone ukelele today for my Chiropractor. I will review that later. If you are looking for a Les Paul guitar this is not one. Not his typical style although Amazon does sell one for about $250 so don't let the name fool you. It's still a very nice guitar though. Very solid construction and a beautiful polished ebony finish and tuners. I highly recommend this guitar. Buy it!  Thank you.
I've been playing for over 40 years. I currently own 60 or so guitars. My problem with LP's is they feel like a boat anchor around your neck, I've bought and sold quite a few. Another problem with real LP's, you only get one chance to drop one, just see how many used ones have head-stock repairs. They ARE beautiful guitars but not comfy for me to play. I deal in used guitars, picked up an Epi Special ll along with several other guitars at a resale shop for very cheap. I didn't mess with it until I was ready to set it up for resale. I fully expect to do a fret level on most guitars, even a lot of higher end guitars need it. I found on the Special ll the frets were actually very well done (Chinese version from 2011) and only needed a slight leveling (would have played fine without it but I am very picky). It didn't take much to get it set up, small truss rod adjustment, new set of 10's for strings. little bit of adjustment to the bridge, cut the nut a bit....note it played well the way I got it, just like my stuff perfect. Got it set-up and plugged it in to check the electronics and that's when I started to really become impressed with this guitar. Cheap pickups are supposed to sound muddy with no character, these sounded pretty good, actually very good, nice and bright with a nice tight bottom end. I check sound also by cranking up a backing track to stage level and playing a few tracks. It cut through really well. I noticed while doing this test that the volume had a very nice sweep to it and didn't lose any highs when turned down. The tone knob was also very usable with a good sweep, very nice. I popped off the back cover to check what was in there, full sized pots, maybe not the best quality but much better than expected. I normally upgrade electronics on my personal guitars to get the controls to operate the way I like but no need to fix what's not broken. Yup, I said "on my personal guitars" because I am keeping this one for myself. The neck is very fast and comfy, it's NOT a boat anchor so my shoulder will thank me. The tuners are the lower end trapezoid type but turn smoothly with no backlash and keep the guitar in tune fine, once again if it ain't broke don't fix it. Please note that most tuning problems are from a binding improperly cut nut. I've set-up hundreds of guitars and almost all of them need nut work, doesn't matter what price point you are at. This also has a bolt on neck. A lot of players say you have to have a set (glued) neck. I feel glue actually deadens the sound a bit, I prefer a good solid bolt on to transfer sound, IMO. I have found that the quality level of the low end foreign guitars has become very good. I know that corners have to be cut to get to the price point of these budget guitars but all in all the Special ll is good to go right out of the box with just a little tweaking. My advice is to go try one, my taste may not be the same as yours. There are a lot of good value well made guitars now-a-days, I just found at this price vs quality ratio the Epiphone Special ll really is special. Get one, get it set up for a few bucks if you can't do it yourself, and you will have a good instrument. Oh did I mention this is a very good looking guitar?
Good overall but pick ups are terrible - Might be better replacing the pickups but I wasn't willing to spend the extra money
I got this pretty fast. I took it out of the box and wanted nothing more than to give it 5 stars just for value alone. I'm still shaking my head in disbelief that I got this guitar for the price. First, the 'tuner' issues that I've been reading about. Replace the strings! I stretched and stretched these things and they would not stay in tune. A set of D'Addario 10's cured that straight away (or whatever you prefer just change them). The tuners aren't the best but they are not to blame, it's the cheap strings. Now, technically if you only play open chords this was playable out of the box. The neck angle was so off the A string rattled no matter how high I set the bridge. The guitar would not intonate due to the ridiculous angle. Yes I could have sent it back but I suspect I would have gotten another just like it. I had to spend about 6 hours shimming the neck AND the nut (Never had to do this to the nut on an electric, not even on a used guitar. The nut slot was cut too deep), as well as working on leveling nearly every fret to make it playable. It required 3 business cards to shim the neck which is the most I've ever had to use. After I got that straight I removed a bit of paint from the neck and set it with wood glue in the pocket and on all the screws. In my opinion this helps a great deal with these and all bolt ons for that matter.If I bought this used none of this would have been a big deal. But as I'm looking at this horrid neck angle and doing all this work I'm steadily staring at the 'QC passed' sticker. Must have been built on a Friday afternoon or something.--- NOW--after I did this it is sweet!!. I play through a Peavey Valveking 100 and it rocks as good as my Strat w/  Duncans and Dimarzios. The quality of the electronics is not sub par at all. After adjusting the pickups screws to match the string height and getting all the horrible wax off them,  I'd argue that this is as good as any Epi I've ever played as far as pups and all, so don't hesitate there because I don't really care for Epis and I'm in love with it. (I bought this to sell mainly, but now????)  The build quality; hmm, if you can do guitar work go for it. Otherwise I'd highly recommend a more expensive model. The $299 models are great right out of the box usually.
If you are considering this guitar, I have to assume you're shopping for an electric guitar at the lower end, not trying to decide between this and a Gibson Les Paul Custom.  It is in the category of beginner/intermediate guitars that I rate this a 5 star instrument.I really couldn't find anything "wrong"  with it.  Yes, it has shortcomings as compared to the more expensive Epiphone Les Pauls, such as having only two controls for volume and tone, rather than four, which also means it has a slightly different look that the famous Gibson.  But you weren't planning to try to fool anyone, were you?  Beginning players would be well advised to focus on developing their skills and honing technique, rather than fussing around with tone controls anyway.The sound is good, and I found the appearance and finish of mine to be just fine.  The pickups are surprisingly good.  The same electronics are found on some of the more expensive Epiphone Les Pauls.  It was no great surprise to find that the strings are no good, although it would sure be nice if they didn't cut corners on such an inexpensive component that is also integral to sound quality.As for fit and finish, reading the reviews has convinced me that there is a lot of variation in both, and it is luck of the draw whether you get one that was made on a Monday after a long weekend of partying.  For several reasons, if I had this to do over, I would not buy it online (nor would I buy it from GC).  Better to inspect the actual guitar you'll be buying, and don't be shy about asking them bring out another one if you don't like the first one you see.I discovered too late that my local music shop would have sold me this guitar for about the same price, but they would have included a full professional setup, including string change.  You are likely to find a similar deal where you live, because the smaller shops are having to do more and more to compete with the Internet and GC.As it is, I took my guitar to the local shop and paid for a setup.  It had some intonation problem, the action was too high, and as others have commented, the strings on this guitar need to be changed immediately.  I asked the luthier his opinion of the tuners, as I'd read a lot of people trashing the tuners.  Bearing in mind that he had a financial incentive to steer me toward replacing them, he instead assured me that they were fairly decent, and advised against changing them unless a problem develops.Out of the box, I was a little unsure of my purchase.  However, now that it's been fully set up  and new strings installed, I am quite pleased with this guitar.  I don't believe you will find a better guitar, or even close, at this price level.I did a lot of shopping, and considered guitars up to $500 for my first foray into electric.  I was tempted to go with something more expensive, on the theory that in a couple years, I'll want to upgrade anyway.  Now I'm glad I chose this one.  For one thing, this is a guitar I'll always enjoy having around.  There is nothing cheap or toy-like about it.  In 2-3 years, my tastes may change.  I may want something completely different down the road, and now I still have that option.  Had I gone with a more expensive model, I'd feel locked in.  No good!BOTTOM LINE:  If you're shopping for a guitar in this price range, I think you'll be pleased with this guitar.  Buy it locally so you can see the exact guitar you're buying, and negotiate to have a setup included, because it will almost certainly need one.  Have it set up right, install some quality strings, and you'll be very happy with the Epiphone LP Special II.
I got one of these a while back and being like I am with guitars took it apart to see just what it's made of.Mahogany ply maybe or capped with real, but it's plywood body inside.Kinda shocked in competitive guitar market that epi would go there...Otherwise decent build, basic original lp design bolt on, surprisingly good electronics w/ full size pots and open back 3 way toggle, good neck but bad tuners.... Note: any 45% mount tuners, meaning mount hole at 8 and 4 o'clock position respectively... Will fit with the bottom hole of the 2 screw junk tuners mine had.  So add 10$ to get more than 30 minute in tune play here.And you can fill the other little holes with nail polish like it was made right to begin with.I like the style, and though there's plywood involved still good fit and finish, though many disagree it makes no real difference what electric guitar body woods are, only in looks.  Electric guitars don't resonate, that's why pickups are important.I don't like the idea of this as beginners choice for the simple fact of cheap tuning keys.You lose interest learning on something that can't hold good tuning.  So that bugs me that big player choice like epi would do that.It's likely they'll keep this style but revise it some... to be hardwood body and real tuners as I  think the price point demands it.  Otherwise a decent piece good wiring, decent pickups... But...
Pretty sweet guitar for the price. Sounds like and plays like a Les Paul. I really like the vintage sunburst color (It's more orange than what the picture shows). The strings were setup on the nut close to the fret board the way I like it already when I got it. I just replaced the strings with heavier strings for personal preference. Overall, sounds and looks awesome! Would recommend it for anyone on a budget that wants the sound of a Les Paul.
My axesEpiphone LP Studio deluxe plustopFender MarauderTakamine G320Squier Standard StratSquier Standard PJ bassBeen playing 20 years.I had a Squier bullet and it was a cheap guitar I didn't care about that I could keep next to the couch to play rocksmith with. But it got old and I wore the frets out so I needed a new cheap guitar for rocksmith. I picked up the LP special 2 in black at Guitar Center for $130 and they kicked in free strings.Bought it for a game, but soon found myself using it more than my other guitars because it sounded so good, played so well, and had a killer tone.My LP Studio had it's pickups replaced with the Zakk Wylde 81/85's which made for good metal but it lost some of that bluesy tone that passives have. Imagine my delight when my inexpensive epiphone had great sustain, tone, and playability. Considering this thing is almost the same prices a Bullet Squier, it is easily twice the guitar for that price. You literally cannot find a better guitar for $150 than the Special 2.....Sound: 5/5Two passive humbuckers have a great sound with glossy highs, deep lows, and they put just the right amount of dirt on a tone for a gutsy clean or distorted sound.The pickups were wax dipped and did not have the microphone feedback effect.The pickups are high output and feel like AlNico more than Ceramic. Not sure which they have.So much sustain for a bolt on neck. I was shocked.Build Quality 4/5I did have 1 problem with the high E tuner. I didn't notice in the store but the string peg was 1/4" up out of the headstock. When I discovered this I loosened the string, whacked it with my fret hammer and it popped right in and stayed that way.Intonation required no adjustment.Action was exactly the way I like itNeck was straight with no fret buzz or excessive bow.The finish was perfect. No nicks, blemishes, just oily black goodness.Neck was flush with no gaps or seams, and professionally shimmed. Damn good for a bolt on.Hardware is typical for the price but does the job, stays in tune very well.Back bending headstock and 3x3 orientation mean no string trees which makes tuning much more stable.The bridge is similar to my LP Studio with the tunamatic setup. Individual strings may be intonated but action is done with two nuts, IE can raise one side higher or lower but not individual strings.Weird having the toggle between the volume knobs but I soon got used to it. No pickguard and it doesn't need one. Lots of relief between strings and body. You won't find yourself hitting the pickup housings or body with the pick. Makes it easy to clean too!Truss rod is behind a nice body color plate.Frets were smooth, rounded, and played nice. Could use a little buffing for silky smooth but not rough.Neck plays fast but the nut took some getting used to. I would catch it on my hand when fretting at the top, soon got used to it and it wasn't an issue.500k pots and side body 1/4 TRplug keeps the cable out of the way.Overall 5/5Came with hex keys for setupCame with an awsome poster with all the Epiphone guitar modelsCame with a nice bumper stickerNo manualBody was packed in foam shroud with foam blocks, about the same as any other $150 guitar.Summary: This guitar is the best bang for the buck of any instrument I own. It sounds good enough to gig with out of the box. IT's well built, plays well, and if you treat it well it should give you years of great music. The frets are medium jumbo's and a little deeper than a fender meaning they should last longer before needing re-fretting than a typical Affinity or Bullet (2 squiers in this price range).I would say this guitar is suitable for all styles of music. I did blues, metal, country, and pop. The pickups are humbuckers which means they are darker and higher output than a Fender, not as much of those nice Fender bell like tones and chime but it makes up for it with power and clarity.One thing I like about Epiphones and Gibsons is the volume pot is not close to the bridge. This makes it VERY easy to palm mute and play with high gain. I lay my pinky and the knife edge of my hand lightly across the strings right where they hit the bridge and it makes a nice mute but on my Strats the damn volume knob is in the way.As an experiment I took the pick up pole scews out of the bottom pickup to see if I could get a single coil sound out of it. What happened was a mess because of the parafin wax which got EVERYWHERE. The tone was a little brighter and output a little lower, still no hum but you wouldn't fool anyone into thinking it was a single coil. I ended up putting the screws back in.I will likely put my LP Studio stock pickups back in (hell yeah coil tapping here I come!) and move my EMG 81/85's in this LP Special 2 and make myself a nice little metal guitar.Do yourself a favor, buy this guitar even if you already have a better guitar. It's cheap enough that you won't care if you bang it around a little, and good enough that you will enjoy playing it for many years.
This guitar is very attractive looking, and plays well right out of the box.  I am a beginner guitarist, so please take this review for what it's worth.  I am extremely pleased, and don't plan on ever upgrading.  This guitar is a darker cherry red wood color in the center than shown in the picture.  So expect it to be a different color than what you order.  See customer pics.It comes with strings installed and almost tuned.  The volume knob is well designed for smooth and convenient use.  The tremble and rhythm switch is far enough out of the way that you're not going to accidently hit it while strumming.  My only gripe is that the high E string gets caught on the top pickup when I'm playing hard, but maybe I'm just a novice.  I will say that it's very easy to play.Everything on it is very adjustable which I also like.  The only BUYER BEWARE statement I can think of is: you're going to be addicted to it!
I purchased this when it was on sale during the Christmas season - I figured that for the asking price at the time I could not go wrong.My expectations were frankly low. I had heard nothing but horrible things about Epiphones, with the main complaint being they would not stay in tune. Other complaints included poor overall quality and terrible playability. What I received was the polar opposite: I received an instrument with a strikingly beautiful finish, and one that stays in tune (amazingly it was close to being in perfect tune when I unboxed it.)I am not wild about the strings that came stock, but I am a drummer and suffer the same disappointment about heads that ship with new drums. I guess guitarists expect to change strings on a new guitar the same way drummers do when it comes to heads. In the near future I intend to restring the guitar withD'Addario ECG25 Chromes Flat Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Light, 12-52, which, while thick, should make the instrument jazz-friendly. I realize that flatwound strings will require a new set-up and intonation, but considering how good the guitar is and how relatively little it cost me, the new strings and work will be an investment.Out of the box, though, the action was reasonably low and the frets appeared [to my novice eyes and fingers] to be properly dressed. I have already invested in a good - but not great case:Guardian Hardshell Electric Guitar Caseto store the guitar (I also uploaded a customer-provided photo on this page that shows the case and how well the guitar fits.)For the record, I use the following amp, which I have also reviewed that is a perfect match to this guitar:Kustom Defender 15 Watt Class A Guitar Headthat I run through aKustom  The Defender 1 x 12 Guitar Extension Cabinet for 5H Head.Bottom line: this is a great instrument for beginners and not a bad one for experienced players. The price is right, and the quality clearly shows that off shore manufacturers have made significant improvements over the past year.
Listen,If you want an inexpensive guitar with great sound and easy playability, buy this one.  Period.I bought a black one to leave in the trunk while I was at work, in case the guys called for a practice session, so I wouldn't have to go all the way home to pick up my gear.I have other, way more expensive guitars, like a Gibson ES-335, Dean 12 string, and a Fender Strat, but I gotta tell you, I like this one soooo much I play it more than the others!  No kidding.And if it gets banged up, so what???  It costs a buck thirty!  Buy another.  In facte I bought 2 others with different finishes, just for a cheap change up guitar.Dig it.
I'm updating a previous negative review. I had some issues with this guitar when it arrived. I couldn't get it setup, the action was very high and I couldn't set the intonation. Notes at the 12th fret were very sharp, and I couldn't lower them with saddle adjustments. I missed one vital checkpoint, the bridge needed to be lowered. Setup is finished, and I can now agree with most reviewers. For the price, this guitar is far better than any others in the price range. I know my grandson will enjoy it, at least for awhile. If it ends up as a dust collector, I'm not out much on the purchase price. I'll add it back to my own collection, and upgrade the electronics.
The Epiphone Les Paul guitars don't particularly sound that great, but they stay in tune much better than the cheap squier strat you can get at the same or lower price. If your kid is serious about wanting to play guitar, but you're not completely sure if they will stick with it, if you can spend another $100 and get a used mexican made fender strat or tele. The reason for this is because for 1, if they decide it's not something they want to do anymore, you can resell it at the same price you bought it for (as long as it is still in decent condition) and little no money is lost. Second, if they do decide to stick with playing guitar and eventually own a &#34;better&#34; or more high end guitar, Mexican made teles or strats are great back up guitars for stage use. I have a couple different high end guitars and I will not get rid of my Mexy Strat because it sounds great still. I'll never pick up my first guitar which is essentially this.
I purchased this guitar after much thoughtful consideration of other possibilities, but the nearly universal high marks for this particular make and model finally persuaded me to go with this one, and I do not regret that decision.First of all, it is a beauty. Initially, I was a little disappointed in that very little wood grain shows through the orangish finish. (My guitar was made in China, which may account for the darker hue.) I thought I had wanted a lighter color, but the more I look at it the happier I am with what I have. Second, this instrument is no light-weight, either in heft or playability. It is solidly constructed, very well put together, and plays like a dream. (I lowered the action until I encountered some fret buzz, then backed off the adjusting screws just a bit; that's basically the only adjustment I've made, or likely will make.)It's been barely a day since the guitar arrived and, as yet, I've only played it unplugged. I can't wait to hear how it sounds amped up.
I have been playing for about 7 years now and have a Tak Jasmine Acoustic and a Jay Turser Strat knockoff.  I really love the Les Paul sound but my pocket book is not large enough for the Les Paul price.  I've read just about everything I can on these Epi's and finally went to my local Music store to try one out.  My initial impression was somewhat mixed.  The sound was good but the action seemed "off"  After playing a few scales and a couple easy chords I began to get a feel fro the action on this guitar.  Then I switched from the rear pickup to the front and BANG there was that sound I was looking for.  Classic Gibson Les Paul sound (in all fairness the amp was setup for a strat).  After playing around a bit more I asked to try one in the cherry finish.  They unboxed a new one for me and WOW this guitar looks AMAZING!  I sat down plugged it in and played a bit. Instantly I was in love.  The action was perfect (despite the some what heavier strings than what I'm used to).  The sound off both humbuckers was classic and playability of this guitar has to be tried to be appreciated.  Tuning is a breeze, and is held as well as any other guitar I own (I always retune before every session anyway).  Epiphone really did everything to capture that Les Paul sound in a economy guitar.  Yes I know you puriest will point to the bolt on neck, the cheaper humbuckers, the flat top construction, and the basswood body.  I point to the angled headstock, mahagony neck, rosewood fret board, and Gibson electronics.  I love the simple volume and tone controls (yea a little more knob spinning when switching between pickups) and the tun-o-matic bridge and tail piece is gonna make string changes a breeze (so much better than having the try to thread thru the body).  Even with my somewhat limited practice amp this guitar still sounds amazing, oh and the sustain from it well lets just say I hit a low E last night before I went to bed, and I think it is still reviberating in the amp this morning (lol  If your looking for a Les Paul sound at a discount price- consider this your answer. Oh and my local shop was able to give me this guitar at $20 less than any place else, AND they will do a FREE setup for me after I've played it for a while (so far it's been perfect out of the box).
Wow, you would have thought this was the Holy Grail when it arrived at my house.  My son practically ran to the UPS man when the truck pulled up.  He is thrilled with this guitar.  Great purchase.
I got this guitar at Guitar Center, i was scared to get this guitar from amazon because of a review saying it looked like a toy, so i wanted to see it in person, i saw it, i tested it out at guitar center and it was amazing, its better than my other les paul special ii, this guitar plays great, its set up very nicely, the pickups are very nice, the electronics work perfectly, i have no problems with it, but the guitar is very beautiful, i would highly recommend getting it, i just dont know if anyone elses will be the same, not all guitars are made the same right?
