I've ordered two of these kits in the aged white, and each one has had severe scratches and scuffs all over the tremolo cavity cover plate. Literally to the point where it looks like someone dropped them on a concrete floor, accidentally stepped on them, and then decided they were good enough to send out for sale. The knobs, covers and tips are all in great shape, however.
Back plate has a "greenish" tint, and is single ply, not 3-ply as advertised.Color wasnt as advertised, its more of an "off-white" than a vintage cream. But I guess its close enough considering the price.Shipping took far too long. (Not sure if Music123 or USPS is to blame for that, but Id go with USPS)Besides those minor faults, the items fit well and look good.My 2006 Strat now has the look of a '57, without the huge price tag.
If you want to breathe new life into an old guitar for about $20, then this kit is for you! Changing your pickguard and hardware is a great way to give your guitar some personality and help you stand out from the pack.
One of the my favorite thigns about Strats is how easy they are to modify/customize. After about 10 years with my American Standard, I was itching to change up the look so I changed out the pickguard and then wanted to give it a nice vintage look with some aged knobs and pickup covers. I didn't need the back plate but this kit was cheaper than buying all the parts I wanted seperately. The back plate is a single-ply, mint green so if you go for a mint green pickguard and want the aged accessories, this will give you a matching back plate. You can never go wrong with real Fender parts.
Used these while putting together my personal Blues/Classic Rock Frankenstrat. Replaced everything but the body. Needed these accessories to match a brand new Fender pick guard. They worked fine at a great price.
This is the 2nd set of these Fender parts I've ordered. $15,delivered is about the cheapest price,anywhere. They look great and fit perfectly. Can't go wrong.
The product arrived as in the description, but I made the mistake to buy it for my Fender Squier Bullet (not a "full" Strat).There are 2 differences between this pickup covers and my Fender Squier: First, the magnet tips in the Squier are closer together.  I guess the fretboard is narrower than the Strats. Second, the Squier's has a dent on the bottom to allow the wires to go out on the side of the pickup.My solution here was to drill the holes wider and the dent. Not the most beautiful thing but worked.The other parts (knob, backplate and tips) fit perfectly.
I like replacing the pickguard and other plastic parts to give my guitars a different look.  It takes under $40 (accessory kit + pickguard) to give your guitar a make over.Money well spent.
FYI - Parchment is slightly off white. . . unless you're comparing right next to a pure white pickguard, you probably would think they're simply white.
I was happy it was made in the USA but was missing switch tip and had two cracked knobs. Might have happen in shipping but switch tip wasn't done by shipping.
Recieved the accessory kit, only to find I was missing the black tip for the five-way switch and tremolo bar tip.  Trem back cover fit nicely and the knobs help me complete a few other project.  Saving the p/u covers for my next project, but it would be nice to get the trem tip and switch tip sent to me.Great customer service.  Received missing parts, immediately.  Finished the project.  I definitely will be using this seller again.  Thanks
Unless you guys are receiving something I am not, how can you give this anything more than one star. My backplate is so thin and cut so close to the screws that you can actually see were the route begins on the back of my Fender stratocaster. This is inexcusable. All the other Fender backplates I have have enough lip to cover the route, but not this mint green one. I simply cannot understand what Fender is thinking.  I am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from Fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost.
I got the aged white. I was changing out pups for a more vintage sound. This kit was cheaper to buy then all the parts one by one. I have a MIM 2012 Strat, every thing went together with out any issues. Best price online and the shipping was super fast. I back plate is the mint green, but looks awesome on the guitar.
I have a Fender Stratocaster MIM with standard white pickguard, which I changed by a black one. Then I decided also change others white pieces, and this Fender Accessory Kit fit perfect in my guitar. I didn't need no adaptation to install it on guitar.
But didnt work on the el cheapo drop in pickguard/pickup setup that I got here on Amazon. Other than that, they look cool in the package. LOLI suppose this gives me a reason to build a whole other guitar just to use these covers. ahahahahahahYeah, thats right....
