This thing is awesome! really nice looking, and heavy duty. Costs a few bucks, but is very high quality, seems like it will last for ever.
After reading the reviews, I expected the leather to be a tougher than it is. It's soft without being limp. There's no break-in time required. I bought this for my tele and it looks ans feels great. I like to keep a pre-adjusted strap in each guitar case, and I'm planning to buy another one of these for my Martin.
This guitar strap is wide and well made of good quality leather.Just what I needed.I am very happy with it and thank you. Rich B.
I like simple guitar straps without too much glitz and yet wide enough for the shoulder and attractive, yet simple.
Love the looks,it does what I need,holds guitar,looks great,priced right,anyone thinking of one should get it!great service when ordered!
I liked the strap, used it for many years and it held up great. The texture almost looks fake though.
Very nice leather strap, I will like it better when it is worn in, and softer, but excellent for holding the weight of a five string bass.I very much recommend it, along with some Dunlop straploks.
I bought this strap to use on an acoustic dreadnought guitar. I would have given this item 5 stars but even fully extended it is about 3&#34;-4&#34; too short. As for the quality of the strap, I love the look and feel of the leather. It has a worn and aged texture that looks great and it would be very comfortable to wear while playing if it were longer.My 2 cents in summary- I think for a classical acoustic guitar or for an electric, this strap would work much better. If you have a larger sized guitar, find a longer strap.
Reviews described strap as &#34;soft&#34; and &#34;weathered&#34; which sounded good to me.  Actual description is a blasted &#34;design&#34; which is what you get.  Strap is quite stiff, but I'd say it's worth the price.  I would have preferred something different.
This is a very good nicely wide guitar strap.  Its weathered look is exactly what I was looking for.  Its a nice solid piece of leather that looks like it will last decades.  That is what I wanted but that is also why I got it weathered - to speed up about 5 years of personality.  I'm not sure how you would wear it out really.  Its buttery soft and doesn't have a strange fabric suede backing so it won't muck up your clothes, pill or crumble.The only minus is that its a standard 53 inches though the description says its "long".  Pretty standard vs all other straps.I paired this with my reissue Fender Telecaster Thinline in natural.  It looks wonderful.  I can barely feel the weight of the guitar wearing it.-------------Update: Since I got the strap as a Christmas gift I've worn it to class and jam sessions.  I started getting nice compliments about the guitar.  Thought the guitar IS beautiful I've had it for a while.  I think this strap is like a fine piece of jewelry accenting the guitar!  Beauty and Function.
