Works as it should. Nice materials and I think it will be durable. Simple to attach to your mic stand and adjust as needed. It will improve your recordings, getting the pops and sssss out of your sound without having to do sound processing as much anyway.
great easily setup but some time i feel its not perfectly stop the P's, i don't know why but some time i have to keep distance for that issue
I'm not very familiar with how pop filters actually work, apart from getting rid of unnecessary peaks when recording. I have noticed an improvement in recording quality with this pop filter on. I don't know how it compares to other pop filters though, but this one seems like it works for me.
What a difference a pop filter makes, I use on a condenser mic, it lets me get a little more gain input, clamps on easy and holds good, the flex piece holding the filter could be a little more rigid but does the job. I like the way it looks when mounted on the mic stand extension, It has improved the vocal tracks. Just one more affordable improvement for the home studio.
Great quality and construction. Does it's job well. Only complaint is that if the design were a little more streamline. These bolt on with attitude and are a bit heavy. Overall, stays in place and does it's job well. A workhorse for sure.
Don't even hesitate buying this thing. It's everything you need. It's a pop filter. It clamps on to anything that isn't over about an inch and a half in thickness.It gets the job done. Buy it.
For the price, this is the perfect pop filter... really good length and the clamp is decent, hope it will last me awhile...
When I bought these I was looking for pop filters to use with a pair of condenser microphones to help keep the wind pops from ruining a recording.  Once these are in position they work just fine, the problem is that getting them into position can be harder than it looks.  The device clamps onto a microphone stand and then you adjust the goose neck to get the filter where you need it.  The filter and the goose neck are fairly heavy and as such it was often a struggle to get the filter where I wanted it and to keep it there.On the plus side, the device looks nice and professional and it has held up over three years of use.
no complaints.  attaches firmly and does the job.  Can't beat it for the price.  Order this with eyes closed.  Great deal.
It works as a pop filter should and is a huge upgrade over my make-shift panty hose pop filter. What else is there to say?
Pop filter works great. This really eliminated many subtle flaws I had with audio recording. Granted, you can make a make-shift pop filter using a hollow ring and nylon. But the adjustable clamp is really...well adjustable so fits many unique mic placement situations. Plus, although it is flexible, it is also very sturdy so don't worry about and vibration noises coming from this.
filter works very well and looks professional. only problem i am having is that the clamp seems to work specifically with a mic stand or similar type structure.
the thing is that they don't seem to stay! i mean, you can change the position of the pop filter by varying the shape of the metallic &#34;arm&#34;, but it doesn't stay where you put it. and also the material of the filter is of kinda poor quality. but, i think if you're lucky if just might get the job done.
This works fine, although the mount is a bit weird to me... but I see that most are the same.  As a pop filter it works perfectly and I was not able to hear any clarity loss or sound coloring.  Just pop filtering through black pantyhose !! lol
I purchased this after reading the great reviews but like a few of the comments that are on here lately this thing is not good. Looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless. Does not come even close to being able to hold up the weight of the filter. I would have returned it but I completely destroyed the package getting it open (which oddly had staples holding it closed).
this little guy has help me record with my Apogee One voices and amps, to prevent air-flow shock on diaphragm... wanna have excellent recordings? get one!
wind screen is way too big its bulky and to me useless, the screen came out, was thinking of glueing it back in but went to ebay and bought 2 metal mesh pop filters cheaper that is MUCH better...avoid this!!
Wow the reviews for this thing are a little ridiculous eh? Some people pay for silver and expect gold ;)Okay, so I bought this because I do app review videos for a blog and my Blue Snowball mic was picking up the awful "pop" sounds that this is supposed to filter "hard P, hard T, hard B, S, and a few others." So I got this. Here are my pros and cons:Pros1. It works. I tested in Sony Vegas pro with and without the filter. The "pop" sound is completely removed with the filter. Which means it does what it was designed to do. 5-stars. It does not affect voice volume at all, just smooths those rough edges in your speech :D2. It looks nice. Attached to my Blue Snowball, it looks like a professional product. It doesn't really matter since I work from home and not in a public place, but it's nice to know I can show it to people and it "looks nice"3. The clamp, bendable arm, and everything work appropriately. The clamp is designed to hold onto a bar and not a flat surface. So mounting this to, say, a desk probably won't be a stable as attached to a round thing, like the stem to a mic.4. I don't know why people think this "isn't sturdy"...I mean you're not going to the local rink and playing hockey with the darn thing. The build quality is quite excellent considering that it's 2 fragile screens attached to plastic and metal.Cons1. It's pretty big. I used to shorten the stem on my Blue Snowball and stash it in a cubby hole in my hutch desk for easy storage. I can't do that anymore with this pop filter on it. Now it's become a permanent member of the front of my desk.Outside of this thing doubling the space my Snowball takes up, I have no complaints about this pop filter. It works well, it attaches nicely, it does what it is supposed to do, it looks nice, and the quality is good. This should be the last pop filter I have to buy for a long time.
Filter is of good size (6") and easily comes apart for changing the fabric (I will probably use panty hose) if it gets torn. Other than that it works so what more can be said
I ordered this product to use for personal recording, and thought...what could possibly go wrong? I ordered it "New," and it definitely shows signs that it not new. First, the package was stapled, that's right- STAPLED together in a way in which you could tell the product had been opened. Then, to make matters worse, there is a hole in one side of the fabric. When I order something new, I expect it to be new. Based on this product alone, I would not recommend buying from this seller.
What my headline says. It does exactly what it's supposed to do. Removes those annoying popping P's out of your recordings. Until you can afford a Sennheiser condenser microphone that has a built in pop filter than you're going to need this. And the price was right too.
it keeps the spit off the mic and looks cool when recording - it does great at keeping you mouth off the mic so you dont breath it out and fits great on the stands with easy clamp
Yes, you can make your own pop filter at home, but you don't want to.  Why else would you be reading this?  Besides, it won't look this good.I've purchased three pop filters thus far in the last four months.  The most recent one I purchased was NOT this one.  I wish it was.  I thought I'd try something different, just to see the differences.  Well, I can tell you that there are significant differences between this, and some of the others featured here.The bottom clamp on this one features a rubber piece that grips the metal pole that you attach to.  The competitors that I've tried do not.  If you do not have this rubber piece, any clamp will tend to slip down the pole and not grip properly.  This is a huge mistake as this makes using a pop filter on a boom stand impossible.  Fortunately, Nady placed this rubber piece on it's clamp so this has never been an issue.The only complaint I have is the screen has actually popped out of the plastic ring a couple times.  A single dot of superglue fixed that.Compared to the other pop filters I've seen and used, this one is perfectly suited for any microphone and at a reasonable price you can't beat it.And yes, pop filters ARE A MUST with condenser microphones.  Just buy one now, save yourself the trouble.
It does what it's supposed to do. It's as well made as most, I think. They all look cheap to me, unless you get a studio professional grade. The screen pops out easily, but it will pop back in. It works well for my home recording.
Peter Piper Picked A Pack of Purple Peppers - test passed, no &#34;puh&#34; sound to be found on the recording.
This is a decent pop filter. It gets the job done but it has a few flaws. It attracts a good amount of dust, the screen tends to mess up (which caused me to tear the first screen), & the goose neck tends to unwrap it's self out of place. It also gets shakey so I tend to have to screw it back in. Other than that, it's a decent pop filter but not for the price. Under $10 would've been better. I should have went with something cheaper than $20 *cough cough* the Auphonix pop filter *cough cough* but, I will in the future.
does not stay in place well.
I read several reviews of pop filters on Amazon and was surprised by how dissatisfied many were.  Finally I just went with this one and I'm pretty happy with it.  It seems quite servicable.  It is a double filter and attaches to my stand well enough.  The arm is just a little weak butit does stay put if you just don't bump it.  I guess there is a balance between stiffness and ease of possitioning it.  I think possitioning it would be a little easier if the arm was just a little stiffer.I can blow on it directly (not quite as hard as blowing out a cake full of candles) and I feel nothing on the other side and hear no wind rumble in my mic.So then, I'm gonna keep it and use it 'till it rots or gets lost.
Though I'd warn if you don't know about audio this does not mean you can place your mic right in front of you and have the pop filter magically de-esse the whole thing, but between the pop filter and a slightly off-center placement it seems to keep the majority of erroneous pops and esses's from making an appearance in any way.
works very well, keeps the popping to a bare minimum, easy to install, cleans in a flash, lightweight and works
I do a lot of podcasts and dubbing over videos, and after using this filter, the pop that occurs with P's and B's in the voice are basically gone. It makes your audio more professional when you eliminate these annoyances.
When you record singing, you need this to prevent the pop sound. It is definitely worth it. It also makes you looks professional.
This pop-filter rocks. I like it a lot, does well compared to lots of other filters I tried. It's got a nice look too.
Use this for home recordings and some voice over recordings for work. I like the long neck on it and its a double filter so you get a tad bit extra. I tested it against my single filter and it did make a difference, as expected. It makes sense that if you have an additional layer there it will filter more effectively, but I wasnt sure if it would effect tone or highs, and I didnt notice either effected.
This was a great investment for my home studio. I've been able to eliminate the majority of pops coming from my Condenser Microphone. I should of bought this a long time ago!!
I use it with an Audio Technica 2020, it work very well, the filter stays in place and it really improves the quality of the recording. Not much else to say.
works well but wish it was a bit heavier and the construction was a little better made. but other than that works as intended.
I love this pop filter!  It is every to attactch and doesn't scratch the mic stand as some pop filter clamps do.  The adjustable arm is very flexible, yet sturdy to assure you of proper pop filter placement.
For the price, this is one of the best pop filters. It easily clamps onto my stand and doesn't move around after I place it. However, there is one problem I've had with it. It can easily lose grip of the arm holding the filter. What I mean is that, if I pick up the mic, the arm will swivel away. Granted this was caused by me dropping it once, but before it was fine. So for a good price you get a filter that works.
Tested this on my Blue Yeti USB Microphone and could tell the difference with the POP filter on right away. Good investment.
There too many required words to type for a product that doesn't need that much explanation.  It mounts to any mic stand and is formable to any position you need.  sturdy.
A needed accessory for any vocal recording, period. My only gripe about this model is why the straight bracket part needs to stick out so dang far, since you can bend the arm out in any position anyway.
Well thought out unit that does what it says it will, drop all that POP! I really like the way the clamp connector is rubberized to protect the finish of your mic stand. And being that it is rubberized, it allows you to adjust the filter to the mic without having to loosen everything up because rubber has an inherent &#34;give.&#34; And this is where the flexible arm allows you to fine tune the filters proximity to the singer, allowing you to do what you do best -- Sing! And then; and now for the really important part: everything stays where you last left it. Hell, even my cats can't do that, and they're porcelain.
Good solid construction. It hooks onto the mic stand and works as advertised, i.e removes the pops from vocal recordings.
Very sturdy and awesome pop filter. Adjustable to any length you want and just a great pop filter! I would recommend this to anyone!
This filter arrived very quickly! I use it with a Scarlett mic and it does exactly what a pop filter should. Good purchase.
