I bought these xlr cables for my mobile DJ rig and they perform flawlessly.  The contruction is of high grade material and the signal is of studio quality.  Buy with confidence.
Colors help keep track of what is going into where. And the build quality is solid. I was warned about the shielding but I haven't experienced an issues yet.
Good quality cables , bright colors make identification easy when hooking up to a mixer , this makes it easy to follow whats going to where , good connectors and nice flexible cable , does the job very well, with care they should hold up well , thumbs up for GLS
I've used GLS products before and they are good quality for a fair price. Their microphones do a great job for little cost. I've been impressed. These cables didn't disappoint me, either. Don't judge their products on price alone. Try them first. You will be pleased and your bank account will thank you.
The construction of this set is superb. The ends have heavy duty strain reliefs, and the XLR connectors are well made and perfectly mate with receptacles on the devices being patched.Probably the biggest plus is the cable itself, which appears to be heavy gauge - certainly thicker than my other patch sets - and built to last.In addition, I love the attention to detail in the form of color coding, which makes tracing cables behind the rack a lot easier.I have patch cables from different brands and this set does stand out for its quality when compared to the others. And the price is so close to the more generic ones that I have been using that I am switching over to this brand for my future needs.
I am no audio file, but these do the job and I like the colors.I did buy some more expensive Magami ones and I can't tell a difference.
Have used them for months with no failures. Decent quality ends and build. There's really nothing else to say about them, and I'm saying it now to reach the minimum length requirement. Buy some now?
*Incredible quality and value.These cables are high quality in every respect and are much better than I expected for the price.They use heavy duty wire and insulation, and are well constructed. They employ quality connectors, and have strain reliefs on each end.The dual velcro ties are another indication of the quality of these cables, and the color coding is a big plus as well.Not only is the product outstanding, but I was contacted by the seller after the purchase to make sure I was happy with the cable set.I am so pleased with this purchase that I am a customer for life.*
If you are have problems knowing what and where your systems are terminating, theses are a must for you. I have mastched them with my microphones and it is easy for controlling and identifying .
