This is a great capo from shubb. The finish matches most guitar hardware as it is nickel. I like how it works. It adjusts to fit different guitar necks, and just sort of snaps in place. It doesn't require great force or a lot of hand strength to use this capo. The rubber parts are replaceable and with a name like shubb you know you're getting a good product. I recommend this capo to anyone.
Thought about buying the (expensive) G7th capo, but I'm very glad I didn't.  The tried and true Shubb works great at a great price.  I don't use it much but it's nice to know that when I do I won't have to mess around with or detune to make it sound right.  The difference between this one and 'clamp on style' is night and day.
This is a great capo!  I had been using Kyser Quik-Change capos for a good portion of my ten years of playing but they had their limits.  For one, intonation wasn't always right and my guitar (especially my electric) would go out of tune frequently.  After trying others, I settled on the Shubb and it outguns the Kyser in every aspect.  Its features surprised me.  It is small and incredibly light weight, you almost can't tell that it's there. The adjustable knob is great and allows you to dial the capo to the right pressure so that you don't get any annoying buzz.  Also my tone has greatly improved (which is an awesome bonus) making my acoustic sound much clearer and much more defined as opposed to the Kyser which I noticed muddied up the sound.  Even though you have to make some adjustments this capo is still easy to use and is one of the best investments I have ever made!
This capo isn't quite wide enough for my regular steel string acoustic guitar. If I position it just so it will work as long as I don't bump it or a string will pop out of one side.
This capo works very well!It applies just enough pressure due to the adjustable design.  The rubber seems to hold well - it's a bit thin and seems like it could wear over an extended period of time, but I've had no issues as of yet.My guitar stays tuned for longer periods due to this capo's design.  I also have a quick-change Keyser and I can say I prefer this one for practice sessions, but the Keyser for performing.  This one is too slow for the stage.
I did a lot of research and I finally found the right capo.. It is a little bit pricey, but you get what you pay for...It is made from a very good material and I have been using this for years!!..There are some others capo that are less expensive, but most of them are built with plastic and some will hurt your guitar.. This capo is made with stainless steel and you can adjust the tension.. I like this and I highly recommend this capo to any guitar players regardless of their level. Good Luck.
