I use these on my Hofner and Gibson ES-135. They sound amazing and feel fantastic. These will be the only strings to go on my Jazz guitars from now on.
Purchased these for a new Heritage H-575 arch top.  A few months later, the high E string unwound from the ball end.  Overall good strings, good sound -- this set simply didn't last very long.  I will replace with 12s however.  For me the 11s felt a little loose.  The 12s will likely improve the sound of the jazz box.  I have 12s on an Epiphone Joe Pass model.  I'll be curious to hear how the 12s sound incomparison to the 11s.
I bought my first set of these strings about two years ago and havent looked back since.  Awesome feel, sound and price. Just the right thickness for playing all the classic rock and acoustic stuff that I do.  I know they are electric strings but they do sound nice when playing acoustically written songs on my Strat. One thing I notice with these is that they seem to sound new a lot longer than others I have tried. Thats nice.
These strings have a tonal quality that will change your life, if you'eve ever wondered how the greats such as Wes Montgomery, George Benson, and Larry Coryell have been able to get their awesome, mellow tones.  I'd recommend this even to metal players as a change of pace, as they may get something out of it that they've never considered before.  Obviously, this takes someone who is willing to give a change to their accustomed style of playing a try.  Trust me - I've been playing professionally for decades, and I can say that there's no way I'd turn my back on these as a jazz enthusiast.  Also, if you're interested in saving the skin on your fingers, this product will help, as I haven't even come close to the normal amount of skin shedding experienced previously on roundwounds.
I had put these on, and my wife picked my guitar to play, and she was confused.They do take some time getting used to.  They don't rip up your hand as much, and if you keep your fingers on the strings as you shift, there is less friction.  This is good, but it takes some getting used to.  I used that finger-tip friction to let me know where I was on the fretboard.  With these, I found myself over-shifting both high and low.I like them, and they sound nice, but i bought some round wounds to replace these when the time comes.
Flatwound? Ribbon wound?  It's all the same, no squeak, slick, jazzer mellow in tone.  It's a sound that many would like to acheive.  But why not round wounds?  Round wounds give a bit of grip, round wounds also have more surface area and are louder.  Okay, but I have a pickup, want the mellower tone, sans finger noise.  It's important for my playing to not have finger noise.I have the Les Paul for harder edged music, but the archtop jazzbox pleads for a mellower tone, hence the flats.I have a couple of friends who are really great Jazz guitar stylists, they both use D'Addario Chromes - over nickel, so I thought I would try them out.  Nice, buttery smooth and I couldn't really recognized the difference over nickel flats, except the price, and the wear seemed a bit better.Wear and tear is not really a factor for me, as I change out strings every 3 to 6 weeks depending on how much I'm playing.Not ready to take the plunge?  It is a different feel, if not, try half rounds.  They're a hybrid of both, less finger noise, a bit more surface area, hence output.  Output is not a problem if you are amplified.Check them out.  I use the medium gauge, with a 13 high E, the G is wound also.  Finger style or with a heavy Dunlap tortex pick, the attack noise is also reduced with the flats.  I like them alot.
I'm a bassist, and am familiar with the flat/round/half-round debate on BASSES (I prefer flats). Anyway, my son wanted these for his Epiphone Casino because he heard John Lennon used (a different brand of) flat-wounds. They sound AMAZING! They make that Casino ring like a carillon, yet will get &#34;down & dirty&#34; when called for. A VERY &#34;different&#34; sound range than round wounds. In fact, it's about time to order another set or three....
Thee only flatwound strings I've tried that sound significantly better than these are the Thomastiks, which cost twice as much, and they're not twice as good. Maybe if I was a working pro I'd buy the Thomastiks, but for me, the D'Addarios sound good, and last a long time.If you've never played flatwounds, you might be surprised to discover that they far outlast round wound strings. That's because what kills the sound of strings is gunk from your fingers and the air getting in between the windings and damping the vibration. Back when guitar strings were more a lot more expensive, it wasn't that unusual to remove strings, boil them, and put them back on. Some electric bassists still do this.) With flats, the gunk doesn't get in between the wraps, and if you don't break a string you can play a set for months.I have different guitars set up with different strings ranging from .010s (my Fenders) to .013 (my archtop.) Rockers playing .010s and .009s might be intimidated by .013s, but they're not that much harder to play, and after a little practice it's easy. Jazzers seldom if ever play six-string bar chords or bend strings, which means you just don't need that much muscle anyway. Flatwounds are also generally set with a fairly low action. They don't vibrate as widely as roundwounds, so they don't need as much clearance.If you're looking for that classic electric jazz guitar sound, flats are the way to go, and the D'Addarios are as good as you need. (Rockers looking for that 60s sound might try the D'Addario flatwound .010s. Almost the same sound as the Pyramids, and a lot cheaper.)
I like a mellow sound with a smooth feel. These strings are what I needed and they perform.D'Addario ECG23 Chromes Flat Wound Electric Guitar
No lie, these are the perfect strings for an electric arch-top.Smooth but not dull sounding. Will defiantly be buying more.
Have these on my Tele, very interesting to play around with. I bought the regular gauge first and usually use pink slinkeys on all my electrics, the regular chromes where like telephone wires compared to my regular gauge so I bought these instead. These were a lot easier to play and more like my slinkeys. They still are heavier and you can really feel it when bending but they add a completely different feel to playing guitar and your tone. When playing these I tend to play more sixties inspired, the flats help capture that surf guitar tone which is really cool. I really like them but they are completely different and I wouldn't recommend them to everyone. As far as CQ goes these are great, no problems, feel great, sound great.
