I have already laid down 8 tracks and the process is effortless. Easy export to Protools for final mix but the internal tools are sufficient for a decent working demo.
The DP-008EX Pocketstudio is the next generation design of the DP-03 Digital Portastudio. I have access to both units and hope to compare them as well as describe the DP-008EX on its own terms, pointing out features and issues important to me (mostly workflow-related) as someone who grew up home-recording with analog equipment.(If you want all the details of the full functionality I'd recommend downloading the manual from TASCAM or a dealer site that offers it.)Speaking of the manual I found it to be essential, at least at first. There are so many features that it will likely take some time to explore and incorporate them so having a copy handy (or better yet downloading a second copy) is a good idea.This is picky but I found the larger size of the DP-03 manual easier to read and handle than the smaller DP-008EX.I've used software-based DAWs for years and, while I enjoy MIDI recording, mixing, and editing with them, basic audio tracking never felt as comfortable or spontaneous as when I used analog equipment. I have a one-room home studio with minimal acoustic treatment and, aside from PC noise, I miss the simplicity and tactile response of my old MK-II cassette 4-track:  Instant power on, press record/pause, ready-set-go.  Granted, I don't miss the `wall of hiss' that plagued those recordings but I had fun capturing a lot of musical moments.Using a hardware control surface with my DAW didn't solve the problem - I just find the reality of booting Windows, dealing with the inevitable patching and other software distractions to be too toxic to the creative moment - especially when recording acoustic instruments.I hoped the DP-008EX would provide some of that older experience - with digital audio quality in a size that would integrate easily with my existing setup.The bottom line for me is: It does and it doesn't.First some comparison points that may not be obvious from the product images in the descriptions:Size-wise, the difference between Porta and Pocket studios is roughly 11 1/2 x 2 x 8 inches versus 8 3/4 x 1 3/4 x 5 inches. TASCAM doesn't provide a case or cover for the DP-008EX but a larger eReader or tablet case should do fine and I'd recommend one if you plan on portable use - the plastic appears fairly durable but it's still plastic.The knobs on the DP-008EX are smaller in diameter, lower, and have rounded tops compared to those on the DP-03. However, I find their slightly `rubbery' matte finish just as easy to grip. I also find the smaller, circular pushbuttons on the DP-008EX don't protrude above the surface as much as the larger bar-shaped buttons on the DP-003 and are less comfortable to use.The data wheel is identical in size and has a bit less resistance on the DP-008EX which I prefer - the wheel gets a workout and you want responsiveness when selecting from menus.You'll need the dedicated PS-P520 5v power supply for the DP-008EX; the 12v PS-1225L for the DP-03 can't be shared. (The plug won't fit so you can't fry it - and don't even think of using batteries when recording anything you take seriously).  On the other hand, the Teac RC-3F footswitch is sharable - you'll need a mini plug to phone adaptor - but I think it's indispensable if you're working alone.Speaking of power, a strong plus for both recorders (and for me a deal-breaker were it not present) is phantom mic power so you're not limited to the built-in stereo condensers. They're not bad for rough work but, unlike mic stand-mounted portables, it would be a challenge to position this unit close to some instruments and vocals. I can get a decent acoustic piano recording in a good-sounding room but for close mic recording of guitar (acoustic or electric amp), violin, or percussion I want the flexibility of a mic stand and better quality mics.I like the resistance of the faders on the DP-03, but I can understand how the lack of real estate kept them off the DP-008EX. There's no CD burner either on the smaller unit but with USB 2.0 transfer capability, that's not an issue for me.Having similar XLR, phono and RCA jacks along the back edge of both units is an acquired taste. I'm not  bothered by it because I have space to run the cables but it's worth considering your physical layout and whether that works for you.The LED screen appears to be identical in size on both units and that leads me to my main workflow issues:The flat positioning of the screen makes using the unit on a flat surface less comfortable than it should be - especially since the menu is used so much. A slanted or adjustable screen mount would probably be asking for design trouble:  I do woodworking and made myself a simple stand that slants at 25 degrees and doesn't interfere with jack access - it makes a tremendous difference on my neck and upper back while reading the screen and for general use. TASCAM should consider a similar accessory.The software is largely the same for both units, aside from additional mastering `tools' (essentially packaged presets), and here lies my major criticism: I feel a real conflict between directly accessing functionality (i.e. levels, EQ, arming tracks) with dedicated knobs and buttons, and being forced to indirectly access other functionality using what I see is an inflexible, constraining menu  system.If there were some way to customize the menu navigation (the equivalent of software hot-keys) it's possible the frequent repetition of non-functional steps such as pressing the home button and selecting with the wheel would not wear on me as much as they do.The best evidence of an unbalanced design I see is the dedicated Phantom power button on both units whose purpose is - to display the "Phantom" screen where you then make a selection to turn the power on and off! That crystallizes for me the hybrid character and compromises made here between software-based recording and using a dedicated hardware recorder.When space for knobs and buttons is severely limited I can understand the design thinking and trade-offs that drive having so much functionality accessible through the menu. But the DP-008EX is stuffed with knobs and buttons and even my first multi-tracker, a Fostex X-15, effectively doubled-up the functionality of two tracks to cover four.  So I have to question whether the trade-offs TASCAM made here in fact diminish the user experience.With connectivity and software-based recording using even smaller devices rapidly improving, I believe the market for dedicated hardware recorders such as the DP-008EX will be largely made up of people like me who grew up with older recorders and are looking to recapture some of that experience. I think TASCAM would be well-served taking that into account.I've always liked the design of TASCAM gear; it just looks and feels well-made, and that's still in large part true of the DP-008EX. But I can't help believing that a simple digital equivalent of my old MK-II cassette 4-track would satisfy a lot of people out there (and not to mention make a terrific hack for someone with the electronics chops to pull it off!).
The Tascam DP-008EX is great!!! I love this little box! It's got a lot of features packed into a small unit about half the size of your average laptop. Here are a few of the features that I really like about it...1. It's portable and runs on 4AA batteries.2. It has compression, exciter & de-esser as well as EQ and Reverb.3. It has a mastering section with effects.4. You can record 8 tracks and then bounce them to free up more tracks.5. It feels sturdy (not that I would drop it)....just to name a few.  I compared this against the Fostex MR8mkII, which I also own and like. The Tascam has more features for the buck, as well it should as it just came out this year and the Fostex has been around a while. As another reviewer put it, this won't replace your DAW. I can record some very polished songs on my laptop, but the Tascam does come close. The mics in the front are a great feature and sound pretty good too. I have recorded a few songs on this already and found it to be a very enjoyable experience. The portability factor is huge in my opinion. Being able to take it downstairs when the kids are upstairs, or vice versa, is great. Plus it's fun to record vocals in the bathroom and kitchen areas.I totally recommend this for any songwriter who wants a nice scratchpad to put down ideas in a quick and creative manner... and then polish them up a bit in the mastering section. FIVE STARS!!!
As with any new device or toy we buy we discover the good and bad points...first the good....THE GOOD: 8 tracks that can be recorded 2 at a time...has RCA outs which is good for monitors and or headphone amp as well as a 1/8" headphone out...a durable feel, a nice design, XLR inputs with phantom power, lit screen to see better (Very Nice)... wav 16bit 44khz recordings, auto punch in, comes with a 2gb card and can take up to 32GB SD cards...has effects has a metronome, mastering internal track apart form the 8 tracks, built in guitar tuner, EQ, Compression in and out, nice dual stereo up front mics that are real good sounding and all 8 track mixing, bouncing to 2 of your tracks  even the tracks that are bounced to, the previous tracks 'that are there' that still are plying bounce too, very cool...and much more....THE BAD: short battery life, No AC adapter included, need to buy (Cheap off ebay around $8.00)...small buttons, bad sounding reverbs, auto punch in gives you 2 seconds after pushing buttons to record, COME ON TASCAM, 2 SECONDS!!!!!?????? I can't get back into recording part with a guitar in 2 lead in seconds all alone!!!!! No guitar effects or Drum patterns like Boss's BR Micro 4 and 80...(boss has it's problems too, believe me)sometimes it just hangs up, (think there is an unlock or reset pen press thing on the side)HORRIBLE REVERBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!moreEven though this untit has its good and not so goods, it is a great device, you can import and export songs to this to and from your computers recording software, remember its 16 bit wavs only to and from DAW.....Tascam please lengthin the auto punch lead in from 2 seconds to 5 seconds or more on next firmware and dont make another new unit just to improve what a firmware can do!!!....Jim
Tascam had the first inexpensive multitrack recorder on the market, and even as competitors entered the market they've managed to stay on top. I've owned or borrowed models from Fostex and Korg going back several decades but Tascam always seems to be out in front when it comes to ease of use and value. Even as the market evolved from cassette to digital, Tascam recorders have kept the same feel and ease of use. I had a Boss Micro BR-80 for a while, but I found the all-menu interface annoying and difficult to use. I kept forgetting the sequences to set up rhythm tracks, record, and mix down, and ended up having to repeat things over and over. I soon sold it, and then replaced it with a Tascam DP-004 when that appeared on the market. The Tascam wasn't really any more powerful than the Boss, and lacked the built in rhythm tracks, but it had fewer menus and more actual switches and knobs that made it more intuitive in use, and more like an actual mixing board or traditional cassette-based recorder.After the DP-004 Tascam produced a follow-on six track unit and this recorder, the 8-track DP-008. When it was first introduced a couple of years ago it really was a revolutionary unit. There were plenty of 8-track recorders out there, but none that were that small and that inexpensive. It's also more than just a DP-008 with more tracks. The DP-008 has a much improved mastering ability that allows you to adjust EQ, compression, and effects individually on tracks for the mix down, while leaving the original tracks unaffected. Like the DP-004, it has built in microphones and can also be used for direct stereo recording. Unlike the DP-004, it comes with an external power supply in the box (a $24 option with the original 004) and can use an external battery pack.I've been playing with my 008 all weekend, doing a mixture of stereo and multitrack recordings. One thing I noticed right off was that there's a significant amount of noise in the monitor mix while multitracking. I was afraid this would translate into noisy recordings, but the noise isn't there in the finished playback. I also noticed that while the basic recording functions are more or less unchanged from those on the 004, the new mixdown functions are much more complex and required constant reference to the manual. As mentioned previously, there's an awful lot of capability there and it's going to take some time to be able to use it effectively. Most of that functionality is menu-based, rather than being accessibly directly from the front panel, and I have to say that's one thing I don't really care for. The only input device you have to select functions and parameters and menus is a scroll wheel that's not nearly as comfortable as a knob or a mouse or touchpad.Most of my recording lately has been done with various Apple platforms. At home, I use Garage Band on my iMac and a USB-equipped Alesis console for input. Away from home I use Garage Band on my iPad and (for ultimate portability) iPod Touch. All of these platforms are much more intuitive to use than the DP-008 and much more powerful. Of course, they're also a lot more expensive, and lack the built-in stereo microphones and ability to plug instruments and microphones directly in without some sort of additional interface. Having XLR connectors as well as 1/4" inputs is a really nice touch, something you never saw on portables from a few years ago. I like the old-school approach of the DP-008 as well as the all-in-one package approach.If I was just starting out in home multitrack recording and didn't have a lot to spend, I think the DP-008 might be a good choice. It's really good enough to produce music for a band's first CD releases, and costs less than a decent microphone. WIth 8 full tracks there's no need to do track bouncing to get four instruments and four voices down, and if you really need to, you can bounce and add a further six tracks, giving you 14 in all. I don't think it's going to replace my iPod for pocket portability or my iPad for functionality (Garage Band gives me a full orchestra, keyboards and drums as well) but having the microphones and instrument preamps built in does make it much easier to set up and use for live recording. It should get a lot of use at my home and elsewhere in the coming year.
