Good quality cable and sounds very good
Zero issues with this cable so far.  It feels fairly cheap and light weight but it has survived for months of plugging in, unplugging, and packing between practice spaces.I'll update this review if/when it breaks.
Realtively inexpensive patch cable for electric guitar.I have had it for a few months and so far it has held up pretty well
I bought this because I wanted a cheap replacement cable for one that had a short. I'm pleasantly surprised with this cable. It's decent sound and decent build quality, for a good price.
This is a very nice cable for the price. I already bent one end of it though, fortunately it still works fine. Inside the phono connector the wires are covered by white shrink plastic. Haven't noticed any hum or crackles. For sure a good buy.
Cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff.  Only time will tell how well the soldering is.  Sounds fine to me.
Seems sturdy enough, and no noise issues, so I'm pretty much satified with it; it doesn't leave the house so I'm not asking it to handle a lot, but with reasonable care it should last a while.
I'm not a professional, but have been playing for many, many years.  This is the best cord I've ever had, though I'm sure Eric Clapton has something better.
This Hosa Cable is very well made, with good quality connectors and a nice long length. My son is expanding his collection of amps and effects pedals so needed additional cables to get everything connected. This 25' cable gives him flexibility to move around and it is sturdy enough that it can take being stepped on and pulled around.The cable works well and is a good value for a decent quality cable.Highly Recommended!CFH
I didn't expect this cable to be so thin. It's easily 1/2 the thickness of any guitar cable I've used. Not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference. If I had the foresight I'd spend a couple extra bucks on a thicker cable.  Still, it works and was inexpensive.EDIT: 6 months later and it's dead already.  Wire frayed at the right angle jack.  You get what you pay for.
Bought this for my daughter along with her new guitar. It seems to work well, no issues in the first couple of weeks.
It hums, crackles, and I think I'm having problems with my equipment.  As soon as I use any of my other cords then the problem is gone.  Hosa makes some other products that have good value.  But based on my experience I don't recommend this one.
I am not hard on cables.  I typically just plug them in to my guitar, dont move around much, and play for an hour or two a day.  this one seem to perform just fine.  no buzz, and/or other noises noted.  I have several of them and they have all performed well.
I have found Hosa cables to be an excellent value. More expensive cables may be more rugged, but for the price, I'm very happy with the Hosa's I have purchased.
This is good cable. Excellent 1/4&#34; plugs. The lugs and solder joints are covered with heat shrink material, which will hold everything in place for years. Grade A+ cable at a very affordable price. Definitely  going back for more. The 25 ft. cable was only a couple dollars more than 10 ft.
Pretty crappy cable. It works and gets the job done, but after purchasing this product and using it, I will shell out the extra bucks for better quality.
I use this cord in my church to run from my pedalboard to my amp (which is in a soundproof box). The cord is reliable and clean sounding. I like it and have used HOSA products in the past with confidence. Excellent cord. Hopefully this review will be usefull to you.
This my second Hosa guitar cable.  (The other one is shorter.)  Like my first Hosa cable, this is a high quality item.  I'd definitely buy more cables of this brand.
Works for practice ... it's a guitar instrument cable, what can I say ... maybe not the best but it serves it's purpose.
These cables have taken a beating the last few months, and have served me well with no problems..Real metal ends, not molded on, with high quality silicone jackets and strain reliefs at the connectors..
In my opinion it does not hurt to have extra guitar cables around. From experience they tend to just die without notice. I have a feeling this one will last a long time. It is built sturdy and sounds really good.I recommend this product.
Hosa guitar cables work great. Never had any problems with them. I own several of different lengths and they all sound perfect.
This product does exactly what it is supposed to do at a decent price.  I have absolutely no complaints.  This is my first experience with the brand and I am not disappointed.
Good quality guitar cord.Very low noise, repairable, effective strain releaf,thick rubber cover!! This is a great buy, under 10 bucks for a quality cord.Of course I just got it..it might not be durable but it looks durable.If I change my mind about anything I will update my review.For now, I would say, buy one!!Joe
This is a good solid cable with no problems. When I'm on stage, I like a longer cable but at practice I don't need all the extra length tangleing up on everything...
This guitar cable is very nice.  It looks high quality and has the white ends.  Fantastic deal for this cable.
Good product at a good price. Have used it multiple times and works well with my guitar and speaker. Great to have when friends come over to jam.
This item is well built and I like the terminal ends and how they have the spring built in. These aren't going to be the most durable road cables but for home and light road use they will work well.
This amp plug is great for the price its 10 ft long the perfect size for jammin at home and it has a quality look to it aesthetically totally worth the price
Hosa Cable GTR210 Guitar Instrument Cable - 10ft. is a High quality Instrument Cable, but low cost, won't break the bank. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
...unbalanced guitar cable is notoriously noisy especially around florescent lights. These are no different. I would prefer to use cables with better shielding but cannot justify the expense considering how rarely these things get used.
This is your basic, black electric guitar cable but it works great.  So far the connections at both ends are solid and the sound from the amp is great!  Nice and rubbery and 10 feet is long enough.  If problems arise later with this cable, I will update this review, but as of now there has been no problems whatsoever with this cable.
Hosa cable quality can be all over the place, some of their products are good (sound good, reliable, long lasting) and some of their products are not good (affect sound negatively, break prematurely, short useful life span).These guitar cords are actually quite nice, they feel good (gooey soft rubber jacket like Mogami), they sound good and so far they are working reliably, the rubber jacket is about .25&#34; in diameter (by eye) and there is a short heat shrink overwrap to add strength where the wire enters the plug.I bought these when I needed cables fast for an internet concert, we had lots of pedals and signal splits to connect up. These cables arrived in good working condition and we've been using them continuously since.We have over a dozen tube amps and are very particular about sound degradation but so far these cables have not disappointed anyone.I would buy more if I needed them.
It's a cable, no frills, tangles pretty easy and due to it's design it might rattle a little when you move around but it works like it should
I never really considered a cheaper cable, I was always taught to get the best I could afford. When this showed up in a cable search on amazon, I jumped on it. I figured I had nothing to lose.To my surprise, this is an excellent cable, with good build quality and a strong, thick jacket that inspires confidence. The sound through it is identical to my Monster cables, and it cost one quarter the price....hmmmm, guess I should have tried to figure this out myself instead of listening to &#34;snobs&#34; for so many years. I will never do that again.This is worth the money twice over, try it out for yourself and kiss overpriced cables goodbye!
One end was loose, so I tightened it, it keeps coming loose so I had to put a dab of crazy glue on the threads, hope I don't ever have to open the end for repair.
For the price, fantastic.They do feel light and I don't trust the build quality at the key stress points (where cable meets connector), but then again I am not going to push it.Set your guitar down on it by accident when it's plugged in and...who knows.But for seven bucks it gets the job done. Recommended if you are doing the "beginner" thing and testing the waters.Otherwise, spend a few more bucks for something with higher chances of lasting.
Hosa makes good stuff, this is no exception. I've trusted them for years, I can't think if a single Hosa cable I've owned that's failed.
Only complaint is the size which is my fault. If you can buy at least a 15 foot if you plan to use it on stage.
Hard to day too much, but it works great. No issues to speak of. It does the job perfectly well
For the price, this works really well. I see no faults. It can unscrew pretty easily, but this is hardly a problem right now.
This cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for. It's quality outweighs its price. Let's face it, a cable is a cable is a cable. But the quality of these cables can vary greatly. I replaced a lighter cable with this one and I was surprised at the difference in the quality of the sound from my amp. I have an Ibanez ART series guitar into an Ibanez 15 watt amp set up in my home. With nothing changed but the cable, there was a significant difference in quality and volume. So much so that I checked with my guitar teacher who said he was not surprised. The quality appears good. The ends are heavy duty and the little bit of hum I had due to the proximity of everything was attenuated to the point where it was inconsequential. I've seen more expensive cables and this one is (so far) great.Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft
I was looking for a long cable to perform live with my band and i'm glad with HOSA quality. It feels reliable and without adding noise.
These are Good cables at a good price!! Not sure they would hold up to heavy use, but for practicing at home they are really great!
very sturdy, high quality with little to no feedback, i use it for performing for my friends and they all love it
Unless you're going to go for the very top of the line most expensive professional chords, these will do for any medium sized venue.
I have many lengths of these Hosa cables and have neverhad a problem with them.I am not an active musician, so have not put any of them throughthe riggers of what happens on stage; so I cannot comment on thistype of usage.In my over 40 years (10 of them on stage) I have come to realize, thatyou should ALWAYS have extra cables (just like strings) with you, aseven the most expensive cables will sometimes let you down.
I've been using these for about 3 weeks now - they are strong but flexible and don't seem to develop kinks or bending "habits" if you roll them up the proper way.I've seen and used some better cables but not at this price point.  And I've certainly seen quite a few worse!  This is a pretty good sweet spot, in my opinion.
I'm a pro-cheapo and I hated this thing. They're noisy, and the cables feel really cheap, gummy-like. Drop few more bucks and get something else!
Works great on my 100 watt Amp. Almost compares to a monster cable. And with Its length Its plenty of Room from your Guitar to amp. GOOD PRODUCT!
Good cable, as good as any expensive brand. Thick, a bit stiff and seems to be shielded. No complaints at all.
I own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there. I've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so. I use a lot of these guys and if they work when you get them, they havn't failed yet.
