I bought this harmonica for our son...the music enthusiast. He loves it. It seems to be manufactured well...as it is substantive in weight  and seems to be solidly built. Only time will tell. But for now it seems to be a decent harmonica. I actually bought two harmonicas for him, just in case one breaks. Couldn't pass it up as it was selling for such an affordable price. Our son says it's easy to use and has a good sound quality.  Hey, if it makes our son happy, so be it. Highly recommend.
I bought this harmonica to go with my guitar and add a little extra music. This was a very nice harmonica and comes with a nice case as well.
It was suggested that I start with this product since I'm learning and adding it to my repertoire of instruments.  Comes in a nice box and the quality is outstanding.
kripes man..the one time I go and actually buy a "honer" and its a "bummer" this thing has 3 keys off tune!! I can buy stuff 10 times better quality from Chinaand never have this kinda junk. Maybe it's a fluke because everyone else gave it a thumbs up and I 'm really not the type a guy to go running stuff down butmaaan Ive never got a harp this trashy B4!...... all i can say is buy Merana's for tryin out buy "suzuki" or Swan" from ebay/overseas if yer a poor guy like meand you'll be better off. Oh btw hot-tip for poor guys again--- you can get a "Mississipi River Harp" for only  $5.oo if you have a "Burke's" outlet near you!they're up by the counter and as good as the high dollar one made by unowho---- the Doctah has spoken! :)
Good little instrument to pass the time with while setting on a porch or at a campfire with friends. Buy this.
I'm a beginner harmonica player, and this was perfect for me! I am able to practice with it easily, and it didn't cost me a fortune as some of the more professional harmonicas are.
I suppose it does what it is suppose to do, it is not expensive and a good way to get a feel if I want to spend more bucks for a better one.
This harmonica is great for beginners, or professionals. I know a couple professional players who prefer this nifty harmonica over the more expensive ones. Highly recommended. Plays, sounds, feels and looks great. Also comes with a little note sheet
Excellent for a serious youngster learning to play, priced right.  The thirteen-year-old for whom it was purchased likes it very much and is progressing very well.
