This is my first tube amp and after doing a TON of research, I found that the VOX AC15C1 was just about perfect for me.It came down to the AC15, Fender Blues Jr. and the Ibanez TS15. The Blues Jr. has a somewhat small enclosure for a 1x12 and I felt it had a bit of a "boxy" tone, otherwise, it's a great amp. The Ibanez has a classic Tube Screamer circuit built in and a switch which cuts the wattage in half for playing at lower volumes, but it lacked a reverb circuit, which was a deal breaker (silly reasoning, I know). The AC15 has a larger enclosure than the Blues Jr., and it has a reverb AND tremolo circuit, so it had the features I was looking for and most importantly, it produces some killer tone.If you've ever seen or read a review of this amp, chances are, you've heard about the classic VOX "chime", which this amp has, but I fell in love with the natural tube saturation on the top boost channel right away. The normal channel will break up nicely too, but I would suggest an A/B switch and run the normal channel fairly clean and the top boost pretty dirty.I was worried at first that 15 watts wouldn't be enough, but fear not, this amp is LOUD... maybe too loud as I'm just a hobbyist that plays in the bedroom, but that's not a bad thing. It totally blows away my 100 watt Marshall solid state and I haven't put the volume much past 8 O'clock for fear that my wife may beat me to death if I do.While there is no effects loop, it takes pedals well, but for distorted tones, I've found myself just plugging straight in just to get the unadulterated tube crunch, which I've come to love so much. As stated above, the lack of a foot switch to change between clean and dirty tones will have to be solved by either running a dirt box in front of the amp, or as previously stated, running one channel clean and one channel dirty and us an A/B switch to go between them. As far as other effects, I really like what it does to my TC Electronic Flashback Delay and Corona Chorus. Note that there is a foot switch jack in the back panel, but it controls the on/off for the built in tremolo and reverb, but it's sadly not included with the amp.For my first tube amp, I don't think I could have done much better; I love the tone that I can get, the tube warmth is just sooo much more soulful than the sterile sound from a solid state amp, it's feature rich, and takes pedals well. The other two amps that I was considering were a little less expensive, and while I really feel that the VOX is just a better all around amp, I don't think you can go wrong with any one of the three.The weight (about 50 lbs), and the lack of an included foot switch are really the only two cons that I can think of. While I would have picked up all three of the amps that I was looking at if I had the means, I would not hesitate to recommend this amp to anyone looking for their first or next tube amp.
This is an amazing amp. It works great, a lot of power, a little bit heavy for it's size but it is simply a beauty. I play a godin a6 ultra and the The sound of this amp is so clean that i can play my acoustic and my electric trough this amp and both sounds perfect. Even the acoustic sound is majestic. this amp adapts to any need you have, from the cleanest sound to the heaviest distorted sound.
I've had this for about 3 years and I agree with every one here that this is a fantastic amp at a good price point.  It's a wonderful sounding amp and gives you good chimey cleans and lush distorted breakup.  It only gets better as the speaker breaks in so make sure you put lots of hours on it initially and you will be rewarded.  If it was between this an a Blues Jr. which are similarly powered and priced I'd opt for this in a second.  I think the AC15C1 is actually a better blues amp.(Opinions vary of course)I only have a couple is "wishes" as they're not really gripes.  One is the stock reverb.  It's really overboard in a way that I didn't find musical.  I ordered a new tank and now it's great.  I hope Vox changed this out because I found anything over 2 on the stock tank way too much.  Second would be an FX loop.  Not a deal breaker as the amp takes pedals well but it would a good feature as wold be channel switching built in.  Third and last I wish it came with a footswitch to turn the Trem and Verb on/off and switch between the top boost and normal channels.  I know you can get it aftermarket but it would have been nice.  Probably one of the reasons it's so affordable.And speaking of foot switches do yourself a favor and get an a/b/y switch for this.  It allows you to switch between the top boost/normal channels and also allows you to run through both channels at the same time and let me tell you there are some really sweet tones when you run both channels at once.  I've gone through a fair amount of gear in my time but don't see getting rid of this.  It's such a fun little amp that it's nice to have around even if it were not my main go-to amp.  It's certainly loud enough for small venues and jamming with a controlled drummer but it's not going to shake the paint off the walls like an AC30.  Highly recommended.
At the $600 price point for an all tube amp PLUS reverb and tremelo (well, there are two pedals I won't have to buy) this is insane. It is not only REALLY loud, but you can do anything from jangly pop to Pink Floyd to hard rock (high gain modern metal heads, though, might want to look at ENGL). I dialed in a Richie Blackmore tone the other day and just started blasting away.It's also a hefty beast and should stand up to sustained use.The only thing that was a drag about it was that the footswitch, which controls the reverb and tremolo, is sold separately (at about $40 street) and everybody was out. I managed to snag one, but it involved a bit of luck. They should be restocking stores in a couple of weeks.
I play in our band at church and as such, I've been wanting a Vox AC15 for quite some time.  For those of you who do not play contemporary Christian music and are wondering what the heck I'm talking about, let's just say that it's an unwritten requirement that if you do play that kind of music, you must utilize a Vox tone.  Because of U2.  I know this is sounding weirder by the second but just take my word for it.Anyway, for the past few years I've been utilizing a Line 6 Floor POD Plus to achieve this tone.  I've been using the "Class A" sound, which is close, and quite useable, but for some reason it sounds mushy on the low strings of a strat and I've never found a way around that.  I just sort of dealt with it.  Then came Father's Day of this year when my wife surprised me with a used Vox AC15C1 and I love everything about it.  Doing a little research, it seems that its predecessor (AC15CC1) was decent but there were certain things about it that sucked until mods were performed by the owners.  Well, the AC15C1 implements those popular mods and what you end up with is an amp that's awesome right out of the box.  I've seen some people complain about the fact that it's a PCB inside and not hand-wired, and that it's made in China.  So what.  It sounds very nice, especially for the low price.The amp's overdrive is very rich, with lots of harmonic overtones the higher you crank the master volume.  I cranked it to 10 in my living room and was quire loud for a 15W amp, but not window-shattering loud.  In a church setting this is obviously not an option.  Fortunately, you can lower the master volume and the amplifier still retains much of that glassy Vox tone, just at a more manageable level.  You need to purchase an optional foot switch to toggle between the "Top Boost" and "Normal" channels.  I've opted to just use the "Normal" channel and push it with a Joyo Ultimate Drive pedal, which by the way, is the most impressive $40 overdrive pedal you'll ever hear.  That overdrive does not interfere with the Vox tone at all.  I used it this morning with a stratocaster loaded with DiMarzio HS series pickups and the Joyo pedal pushing the amp, and it was classic Vox chime all the way.  I also used a Boss DD-5 delay (also required if you play in a Christian band - same reason as the other thing I mentioned...)  Pure tone heaven.Some have noted noise or "hiss" problems with this amp, which were usually solved by installing a better set of preamp tubes.  Mine did not have this problem.  Actually, I thought it did, and I was certainly getting a loud hiss out of it for a while before I realized that it was the way I had the amp set up:  As I stated earlier, this is a 2-channel amp (Normal and Top Boost), but which one you're using is determined by which input you plug your guitar into.  I was plugged into the Normal channel, and didn't realize that the Top Boost volume was dimed and that's where the hiss was coming from.  I just shut that volume completely off since I was not using the Top Boost channel anyway.  Problem solved.I'm amazed at how such an affordable amp can sound so nice.  I've owned Marshalls, MESA/Boogies, a Laney, a Music Man, and other oddball tube amps over the years, some costing several times the cost of the Vox AC15C1 and the Vox can hold its own with those others.  Think of it as an affordable "boutique amp".  If you can pick one up used like I did, all the better.  Interestingly enough, this amp was advertized as a used Vox AC15 with no indication of whether it was a C1 or a CC1.  Fortunately it was a C1.  It's a value at full price also.  Get one.
