Ok, so I had to buy another item because 2 items in my cart were "add-on" items.  I needed another microphone and I had been toying with the idea of purchasing a GLS mic.  I'm extremely happy I took the chance, and as soon as I submit this review, I'm purchasing another.  This is the best price/value purchase I've made in a long time.  I'm not going to insult your intelligence and say it's the same as the other well-known mic that looks the same, but for my ears and everybody else who's listened to this mic, it sounds clear and clean and is a little hotter than my SM 58.  I just used it to play a show on Friday the 24th, and it performed wonderfully.  The sound guy thought it was an SM 58.  I will definitely buy a couple of the ES-57s as well to mic up some amps.  Now, things may change in a year if the mic doesn't hold up, but it is hefty and solid, and seems to be built like a tank.  Now, if I was dripping money, maybe I would stick with the "industry standard," but when you can buy these at a 3:1 dollar ratio, why on Earth should I?2/6/2014 update: I must say that in some venues, you'll really have to tweak the EQ in order to stop feedback.  So while they are a great value, they feedback in some situations where my Sennheisers do not (but they were 4 times the price. . .).
This mic is strong, reliable and produces the sound I'm looking for.  I used to buy all Shure products,,I'm switching to GLS..they are just great!
I wouldn't consider this a $30 backup mic, I would consider this a professional vocal mic.  Period.  This is a great mic!  Out of the box, it has a nice weight to it.  It sounds slightly hotter than say, a Shure SM58; which is why I like it so much.  I typically like to stand back from a mic when I sing live and this seems to work very well for my vocals with that technique.  I have also tested this mic with harmonica as well.  Seriously... I don't work for the company or have any ties whatsoever.  I'm just a dude in a band.  Trust me on this one.
Yes this ie every bit as good as the Shure SM 58 but you don't get the cool pouch. The 57 version is also like its Shure counterpart. Great sound and great deal. (yes I am a musician too)
I was very skeptical about this mic being so cheap and all but I use it in my band with several other Shure mics and I cant tell the difference the same pa mix and they sound the same..I plan on getting a few more of these.
I bought this because it was cheap and figured it can't be that bad. I was surprised that it was good. I had this and a shure mic with a professional singer and they couldn't tell the difference.
love the on and off switch and the sound is great with little or no feedback, would purchase this mic again.
To my ears, this is a SM58. It sounds identical. Someone with super human ears will tell you otherwise and they may be right, but I have been recording music for years and this mic is as good as any shure mic I have had and it's only half (or less) of the cost.
