I'm giving this one 5 stars, with the caveat that you MUST GET THE SILVER ALUMINUM one, otherwise the black thermoplastic ones do break. The thermoplastic ones broke on me within 2-3 months of use, 3 different ones, until I got the silver one which has not had that problem. Every music store I go to locally has the black thermoplastic ones, and they look in disbelief at me when I say they break. But they did --if I leave it on the guitar on a fret for 5 or 10 minutes and go into the kitchen to make tea, the thing literally snaps and breaks into 2 or 3 pieces and goes airborne at high speed in 2 pieces, and could poke someone's eye out in a public performance, freaky. There's something about the rainy days higher humidity cool damp air pressure and/or temperature fluctuation that does it.I live in northern california, so I don't know if a dry climate like the southwest would not have that problem.The SILVER ALUMINUM ONE by contrast, hasn't broken in now nearly a year of use, and shows no hints of doing that. It feels different in the hand from the thermoplastic-- no hint of plastic, but it is very light and not heavy like the G7 ones are. I made sure to order the silver aluminum one through Amazon, since the description on the black ones say some are aluminum and some thermoplastic, and I only want to make sure I get the aluminum one.The silver aluminum Planet Waves capo really is the best capo I've ever had, super easy to use, very easy to put on and switch from one fret to another while you're going from playing one song to another (you don't have move your body or the guitar like you do with all other capos to put it on or move it, which is a spectacular design), it keeps the strings in tune better than most other capos, and it's out of the way of your hands, doesn't interfere when you play any chord. The screw adjustment is in the perfect place for the least strain and doesn't hurt the fingers when turning it. It's the least obtrusive and best capo ever. I'll also add that I have an old carpal injury so I want the least strain, and small hands, so I want the least awkward and most light capo, and this does that. I absolutely love it, and I'm glad that the aluminum ones are durable.
Nice design... Small, lightweight and very easy to use, dose the job well. I am thinking about getting a 2nd one.
This inexpensive capo works as advertised. It's the plastic version of the more expensive metal one but it works as advertised and is ideal for a light weight backup.
I'm happy with this purchase. I bought it during the Black Friday sale. It works for what I use it for. When not in use, it just gets put away. Doesn't take a lot of space.
Purchased this capo after having a bad experience with a spring style capo.  This capo was just perfect for my needs.
In 40 years I have had every kind of capo out there. This is the right one. This one works. Buy one for each of your guitars and keep them in the case: they are well made and inexpensive enough.
It is really good to have one of this to change the tone of the songs to make it easy to play!
It does a good job for it's primary purpose as a capo so I gave it four stars.  It works flawlessly, but the one minor annoyance is that it doesn't easily stay on the head of the guitar except above the nut where if you screw it a bit tight it could mess with the tuning of the guitar.  With clamp on capos you can just clamp them on the wood.
Pretty darn good in every way. Trim and easy to use. Solid construction. I recommend this capo without reservation. I like it and it is small.
This is a fantastic little capo.  I say little because it is not as big as the spring loaded type, of the Shubb capos I've used.It has a low profile, and I can reach right up to it and still play well.It seems to be sturdy and well constructed, and I love that I can easily adjust how much tension to put on the strings.  Just enough so they don't buzz and then the strings will stay in tune when the capo is off.Much cheaper than the G7th, and does the job just as well in my opinion.For everyone saying that you can't fit it on the neck, make sure you get the right capo!  If you have a classical guitar, get a classical capo!  If you have a guitar with a really thin neck get the lite model capo.  If you are like most people who have regular size guitar necks, get the normal one.Don't write bad reviews of the product because you bought the wrong kind.
I love this capo better than any I have seen or used. Great quality and price. You wont go wrong with this capo.
I don't have a classical guitar, but I just got an inexpensive but really fun steel string guitar with a non-radiused fingerboard.  I've also got over a dozen capos (don't ask!) but all are for radiused fingerboards.The fingerboards of most steel-string guitars--electric and acoustic--are radiused, that is, they are not flat.  They have a gentle curve to them, so gentle that many wouldn't notice it unless they looked closely. Look up "fingerboard" in the Wikipedia for an excellent discussion and Google images for diagrams and pictures.Even though the curve is gentle, if a fingerboard is radiused, a capo must be curved, too, or the outside strings would not be pressed down properly and would buzz.  If a fingerboard is flat, like a classical guitar's, the capo must be flat, too, or the center strings will not be pressed down properly and will buzz.If you're not sure whether your guitar's fingerboard is radiused, slide a ruler between two frets.  If it lies flat, then so is the fingerboard.  If it rocks, the fingerboard is radiused.I REALLY like this capo because of the way pressure is adjusted by turning the tension screw.  This makes it possible to exert just the right amount of pressure--not tool little, which would cause strings to buzz, and not too much, which would cause the instrument to go out of tune.As others have noted, its one drawback is that it can't be clamped to the headstock when not in use.  But for that, I'd replace most of my capos with radiused versions of this capo.  HIGHLY recommended!
My eleven year old guitar player is very happy with this capo. It's easy for him to use and adjust.
Love this capo on my electric guitar.  I can adjust the tension for any position on the neck very easily.  Tried other more expensive capos, but this one is the Winner!
In this price point - it's a good capo - if you know how to put one on and use it. I use it for lessons in case a kid steals it - so I'm not losing my G7 capo which was $40. Great capo.
The only instrument this works well on is my Yamaha guitarelele which has nylon strings, for steel strings I want more pressure, I advise getting the NS Capo that is not "lite",  I prefer that one above this model.
You have to turn the knobs every time you want to use this. What a pain. Oh well, it was cheap enough to have around.
This is an awesome capo!  It's sleek, light,easy to install (you can do it with one hand) and looks nice on the instrument.  I use the NS capo on my Gibson SG Special faded and it does exactly what it is supposed to do.  I love the dial, it's very easy to use and lets me set it to the just the right amount of pressure where I can still bend the strings but there is no fret buzz.  Awesome product, much better than using a Kyser that puts your guitar out of tune and leaves gouges in your neck.  Sounds great on my SG and my acoustic.For those of you wondering yes it does clamp on the headstock if you tighten it down enough.  I think it also depends on the width of your headstock but it works for me.
There's nothing not to like about this capo.  I have two of them.  I've played guitar for over 40 years and have used other types of capos.  I like this one's low profile and the fact that you provide the pressure to the fretboard (by turning a knob to tighten it) rather than rely on a spring, as on the clip-on type. It takes a few seconds longer to install than the clip-on type, but I like the results better.
Was not sure about this one but it is darn easy to use and works quite well.  I still use the Kayser for most stuff but this is great for a backup.
We ordered one, it worked so nicely, we ordered 2 more.  You can adjust the tension precisely to fit your guitar, and minimize string stress and de-tuning each time you move your capo.  Very nice product.
This is a very nice product to use.  I would recommend it to anyone. It is small enough to be out of the way while playing.
Great item!Sturdy, had it for a few weeks now. Small, light, durable. Holds the strings down perfectly too Great capo!
These are nice, easy to use capos and the price was great.  I got several of them to use during my guitar class, when someone doesn't have a capo and needs one.
Works well, arrived fast. No problems. Works as described. A good purchase for a low priced capo.Works for acoustic and electric
I purchased a Classical guitar and only had a traditional (steel string) Capo available to me. Not thinking it through I used it on my Nylon Stings and after a few times I realized it had damaged the string to the point they had to be replaced. Along with my string order I added this Capo so it does not happen again.Pros:It's small and lightweight.It's very well made. It not  only looks great but also appear to be of high quality.It's very adjustable. Unlike my steel string Capo, this uses a screw/knob to tighten, not spring loaded. This allows you to finely tune the capo to add just enough pressure to bar the fret but not damage the stings.It works on steel strings. Yep, I found my self needing a Capo on another guitar and only having this with me, I saw no reason it should not work so I gave it a try and it performed wonderfully. I won't be using it full time on my steel strings, but great to know in a pinch I have use it.If you need a great capo thats gentle on your Nylon strings then this is the one to get.
I always seem to have to re-tune with the spring loaded capo's.  Rarely have to re tune with this one.  Highly recommend.
I ordered one of these because I like my other Planet Waves Capo a lot (I believe its the older metal version of this, not the &#34;Lite&#34;). However, this one just does not screw down enough to hold down the strings, especially down at the lower frets where the neck is a little thinner (on a Martin jumbo acoustic). It will barely bend the strings down behind the fret but not enough to prevent buzzing. Your fretting hand will naturally push the capo back and out of position quite easily when playing open chords too.I'm not sure why the plastic version has this issue when it appears to have an identical design to the old metal one. It doesn't seem defective as no parts are bent or missing as far as I can tell. Unless I just happen to get one with a shorter than normal screw, I wouldn't recommend it for any guitar without a thick neck.My recommendation is the classic Kyser capo thats more dependable and quicker to apply and remove (it also attaches to your headstock effortlessly when not in use). If you are looking for the screw-down style, I would look for the older version of this and avoid the &#34;Lite&#34;.
