The most diverse pedal I own.  You can play everything from Pink Floyd to Parkway Drive with just a few tweaks.
Whatever the name, this pedal is from the Ibanez Tube Screamer camp. The packaging description says it uses the JRC4558 chip and MA150 diodes, and yes, Behringer got the sound right. I'd say this competes well against any of the modded TS pedals. What I love about this pedal is the TONE knob. For the TS pedals in this price range, it's the most useful. You can set it high, and it isn't too icepicky, yet the entire range is useful. This is great if you use the thing as your main overdrive sound.I prefer this pedal for boosting my gain in a hot amp or pedal, or another overdrive. It works well as a lead boost for rock or blues tones. It could also be used to add a touch of breakup for jazz tones.I bought this pedal to "semi-retire" an older Ibanez TS5 soundtank. The switch on that one isn't as good as the Behringer's. The Behringer has a much smoother action to it when turning the pedal on or off. I use mainly solid state Fender amps, and several distortion pedals (including a BOSS Metal Zone). I'd bet this would sound great through any tube amp worth its salt. The only downside is the slight lack of bass. If you routinely run your guitar sound through 12 inch speaker setups (esp. 2x12 and 4x12), or a distorted tone with plenty of bass, this shouldn't be a problem.
I had a BOSS Blues Driver pedal that I really liked, that is until I got this Behringer Tube Overdrive. For blues, you (or at least I) want a gritty, dirty sound, one that implies some of the hurt implicit in blues music. I was happy with the Boss, but I decided to try this B. pedal, and I'm glad I did. I compared them side-by-side, and the Tube Overdrive was much grittier, like a small tube amp pushed just past its clear sounding limit. It's perfect for the sound I want, and I can adjust the amount of distortion to my preference. Some like a LOT of that sound, but I prefer just enough to color the sound and shape it to my desires, leaving the rest to my playing and the dynamics of how I attack the strings.I've now retired the Boss pedal. In a careful comparison, the Boss had a cleaner and slightly more clear sound, which is not really an overdrive, but more of a distortion, but a clear distortion, if that makes any sense. It does add sustain, but it can't compare with the B. pedal's effect, which implies a power barely held in check, just exactly what I was after.
The knobs are a little sketchy - they feel like they will break off if you step on them wrong- but the sound is just great.  This little guy has been on my pedalboard since it arrived in the mail.  I may buy a second one as a backup.  Behringer hit a home run with this one.  Not just a 'great sounding pedal for the price", but an honest to goodness great sounding OD pedal.  No true bypass, but if your pedal train is short or you have decent bypass on your other pedals you won't detect any 'tone suck'.  It sounds good enough that I don't mind the lack of true bypass!
i got this pedal to use it along with a boss metal zone, it adds more bite to the distortion range. i barely used it by it self but definitely for the price we can not beat it. behringer pedals  and joyo pedals as well are the best in the market for quality and low price. thank u guys!!!
WOW something to scream about this vintage tube overdrive wont get you tied but will keep you producing and reproducing hit after hit.
What can I say that you haven't already read about this amazing pedal? If you thinking about buying the other green overdrive pedal you can save big green with this pedal. If your looking to play out with it know that it's cheaply made and can be destroyed in seconds. Have a backup. Take great  care when plugging and unplugging from this pedal. That alone can cause problems... As far as tone goes it rates very high on the Tone God List. You can go from clean to outright mean with this pedal. It has out muscled my 2 other more expensive name brand overdrive pedals and yes it has earned a permanent spot on my pedalboard. I use it mostly as a clean boost so the pedal is always on and I never turn it off once we start playing. I leave it plugged in on the board all the time. I reach down and use my hand to turn it on and off. I carry a backup pedal... I LOVE THIS PEDAL!...just don't ever drop it...
I own the old Ibanez TS9, that I modified to the original Keeley specs. Side by side, there is a difference, but I only use it for my rehearsal rig.  This is the first pedal, I've had to actually read the manual, in order to figure out how to install the battery!  The instructions tell you to use a ball point pen, to press in the hinge pins, in order to remove the foot switch cover!  I laugh when ever I hear about the &#34;Holy Grail&#34; 4558 IC Chip.  When I modified my TS9, I found that Chip at Mouser, for 15 cents a piece!  It was a net order, and I felt weird ordering 1, so I ordered 5. They send a 10 pound catalogue every month because of that purchase!!!  The Behringer TO 800 is a cheap alternative to the original if you're on a budget, and will do in a pinch. The civilians won't notice the difference!
I like the sound of this pedal. It gives my ss Fender Princeton chorus a good tubelike sound. I have 2 all tube amps but they are both heavy. I prefer taking the fender ss on smaller gigs. The TO800 gives me the sound I like without breaking the bank. I haven't used batteries in it because I use a 1 spot adapter on all the pedals on my pedalboard. If you'rethinking you want this and are on a tight budget go ahead and pull the trigger. You won't be sorry.
this is a fun pedal and it really seems to work pretty good as far a getting tube like tones. Simple
Behringer is a problematic company for me. Some of their stuff has been useful far beyond its modest, entry-level pricing (e.g. A-500 Studio Amplifier, UCA-202 DAC, Eurorack UB-502 mini-mixer)...and some of their stuff hasn't served me well at all (e.g. GM-108 amplifier, BTR-2000 rack tuner).Across the Web, reviews for the TO-800 are uniformly favorable. Based on this, I purchased one instead of paying many times more for an Ibanez TS-808. This proved to be a good decision. The TO-800 produces exactly the sort of sound enhancement that made "seasick green" justly famous: creamy smooth to raunchy depending on my whim.The same sound for a lot less money? What's the catch? I'm a musical hobbyist. The TO-800 will sit safely on my office floor and, most likely, never be actuated by my foot. The Behringer's shoddy plastic case and flimsy little control knobs, for me, are not liabilities. If I was a gigging musician on the other hand, I'd want the tank-solid construction of "the real thing" and its additional cost would be well justified.
Bought this because of all the great reviews, ButThis doesn't work, just like the last Beringer product I bought. Will I ever learn? Very disappointing.UPDATE- Now working; got my mate an Aussie genius to have a look.Found pedal wasn't engaging when pushed down.Took plastic cover off and pressed black button with his pinky and light came on; sheer genius.Worked fine with cover off; then replaced cover with new bit of rubber. And it still works.Amazing sound actuallyStill not sold on Berhinger though
I love this pedal. It gives just the right amount of crunch when needed. Typical Behringer pedal with plastic case but a really good sound. I use this in my home studio so durability is not a concern. Nice and quiet when not in use and can scream when you need it to. Highly recommended.
For the money, this one's a no-brainer.  It's a one-trick pony, but that's what it's supposed to be, and it does its trick very well.  Sounds better than the Ibanez or Boss models - warmer and less processed-sounding.  Plugged into a solid-state amp, at its lowest drive setting, it sounds like you're playing clean through a tube amp.  Plugged into my '65 Twin Reverb (not a re-issue, but the real thing)- WOW!I just got it a couple of weeks ago, but it looks like it will hold up to gigging without a problem. Don't be a 'gear snob' who looks down on lesser-expensive products - the sound is what matters.
Sound just like an Ibanez Tube Screamer to me. Many seem to complain about the plastic housing but, I'm fine with it. Seem durable and plastic has proven to be pretty strong in many products so... Sounds great but I also have a Berhinger Ultra Metal that I think kill for a high gain metal sound better than this. Note I use it with a Marshall JMC800 head, a Marshall JMP head and a Crate Blue Voodoo head and these pedal sound excellent. I've got some videos on YT if you search UM300, JMP800 and Blue Voodoo out.
The pedal works as described. The draw back is the battery installation. You have to take the pedal off to access the battery. The other thing is if you forget to unplug the input cord from your guitar the battery drains when not in use. I purchased a power supply to go along with it. The problem with that is the power supply is one more thing to find a plug in for. It's ok for the money and works good. I run it wide open and have the amp gain pretty high also to get the retro sound I am looking for. I mainly use it with a large body &#34;F&#34; hole guitar with a set of very heavy flat wound strings. The lows with vibrate the fillings out of your teeth!
This pedal is based on the famous Ibanez TS-808 pedal. My hat's off to Behringer for doing an excellent job of recreating the classic sound in an affordable package. I don't own the TS-808, but I do own a TS-9, and while the TS-9 does offer a nice gritty overdrive overdrive that has enough bite to bring your tone out in a mix, the TS800 offers a warmth and a sweetness that I've simply fallen in love with. Several of the classic tubescreamer characteristics are audibly present: Slightly rolled off bass and a bit of a mid-range hump, with a tone control that offers useable tone at any setting. I usually max out the level knob and adjust the drive know to taste(which never exceeds 12 o'clock); I've found that this setting gives my tone the most body and depth. I use this pedal primarily with my Jet City JCA20H head just to "pump" it up a little bit. This combination takes me straight into Guns 'n Roses (or that type of 80's/90's-era rock) territory.Used over a clean tone the TS800 offers a very warm, smooth, bluesy overdrive that can either be more of a clean boost or add some grit depending on where you set the drive knob.The pedal is made of plastic, and while it seems solid enough, it's the only area where this pedal really merits any criticism. But considering that Behringer is offering this pedal for [...], it's clear that in order for Behringer to offer such great tone at such a low price, sacrifices in build quality had to be made. That being said, I don't feel concerned at all that this pedal will suddenly break on me; don't be too rough with it and it should last a good while.
I am not a giging muscian or even a serious player.  I play for fun and relaxation.  I have been playing for about 10 years but only in the past 2 years have I taken up the electric gutiar.  I have a very simple amp setup with a Fender Starcaster 15 G as my practice/ backup amp and a Fender Mustang 1 20watt as my main amp.  I love the Mustang, but have always found the Starcaster kinda weak (well duh it is a simple practice amp).  I have 2 very basic Guitars (a Jay Turser M300 Series and an Epi LP Special II).  I normally only use the Mustang but latly have found myself really appreciating the simple clean sound that the Starcaster can give, But it is a one hit wonder.  I am constantly switch amps and is was getting tiresome.  I order this pedal on a whim thinking that it might add a little depth the the starcaster and I might be more inclined to use this amp more.  Boy did I hit a home run with that!  The pedal arrived and I spent an hour playing with it on the starcaster.  The depth and fullness it adds to this little amp is amazing. It truely gives it a tube crunch but yet retains the nice clean sound when the levels are backed off.  Flip the overdrive button on the starcaster and this amp become a distortion MONSTER.  Yea I know I can't imagine what this pedal would do on a &#34;real&#34; amp!  I also found that I'm getting better response with my guitar tone knob too.  THat was always an issue with this small amp- the tone knob made very little difference.  Not anymore.  I can spin the knob and go from clean to dirty and back again.  Yup this is a winner for all you practice amp only people.  Just for S and G's I plugged this into the Mustang (set on Brittish 60's Red) and turned the levels way down.  Amazingly it backed the crunch and distortion way off from this setting (so now I can go clean without having to touch the amp!)  All the reviews have stated how nicely this pedal works on the upper settings but it was great to find out that it can be used effectively to clean up a dirty channel!  I look forward to playing with this some more on both amps.No for the nuts and bolts of the thing.  Yup plastic.  Well I'm very gentle on my gear (this sits on a table next to me and is activated with my hand) so I don't expect issues, but if I was a thrash metal rocker I would probably look elsewhere for durability.  Don't drop it or jump on it and it should last a lifetime.  The switch activation is very positive and easy to manipulate.  No issues there.  The dials are easy to read and turn smoothly.  The LED is a nice level of brightness and does not flicker.  I'm using the AC adaptor so no ideas on battery life or replacement.  THe box is heavy enough to stay in place, but lite enough that I could easily toss it in a gig bag and not worry about it damaging a guitar.  Cable plugs are rugged and seem like they will last a lifetime.  I left the unit plugged in overnight and there was no desernable heat in either the adaptor or the pedal.  after palying for an hour the pedal was still cool to the touch as was the adaptor.My biggest complaint has to do with Amazon itself.  I got this for twenty bucks shipped.  Amazon gave an estimate of 10 days to arrive!!! 10 Days!  Yea it was coming from Vegas to NY but 10 DAYS!!  15 Days later it finally arrived.  15 DAYS!!!!  More than 2 weeks.  Half a Month!! I'm pretty sure UPS SurePost had a guy walk it to NY.  I don't know what the big delay was all about but I was horribly bummed about shipping times.  I ordered a few other items with this (AC adaptor and 5 ft insutment cable to use with this) and they arrived 4 days later.All in all this is a great pedal.  Outstanding for those of us with simple equipment and on a tighter budget.  If you have a simple practice amp and want more out of it, then grab one of these pedals and be prepared for amazment that so much sound can come from a little package.
I was unsatisfied with the tone from either of my two used solid-state amps, so I ordered a VHT Special Six (supposed to be THE best small tube amp for blues harp), I also ordered a Peavey KB2 (solid state keyboard amp).  Then I ordered this pedal and three others (graphic equalizer; MXR carbon copy delay; T-REX reverb)  I figured that I would find a good tone for both blues and other music from something within this combo.  Well everything is being returned except this pedal.  I found that when I plug this pedal into my old 8 watt Peavey Rage, I get better tone and volume than either of the two new amps using them alone or with any combination of the four pedals.  More "tube-like" sound than a top-rated tube amp! AND...if I want a cleaner tone, I can dial it back, or bypass it altogether.  My only complaint is that it does not accept a battery.  You must use a 9V transformer, which is not included.  Oh well, my experience with the other pedals was that a battery does not last long anyway. Yes, it is made of plastic, but if you are reasonably careful, that should not be a problem.  UPDATE: I just found that by plugging into BOTH the high and low jacks (at the same time) on the VHT amp, it now produces "the sound".  I will keep the VHT and use it instead of my Peavey Rage with this pedal.  The sound from either set-up is pretty close, but the VHT requires less fooling around with adjustments, and is more resistant to feedback. I still might keep this pedal though, cause it's easily the next best thing to the VHT Special 6 tube amp.
