A great little amplifier.  Good quality, good built in effects, and is still easy to carry around.  I replaced the stock speaker with an Eminence Rajun Cajun, which has improved the tone and provided increased volume. The amp is now capable of being used at small gigs. I would highly recommend.
I've been using this amp for a few months and I'm very pleased with the overall quality and performance. I was looking for a small studio amp and watched the demo video on YouTube. I ordered it through Amazon and it arrived quickly. The amp has two shades or flavors as I call it. I only use the clean side or input one. This is what Fender calls Blaceface Clean. No matter how hard you push that channel it won't break up and sounds great with no FX's running. I really haven't used channel two much. These are all your pre-sets which many amps are doing these days. I'm pretty much old school and like to find my own sound. However they do sound very good and you can change a lot of these settings both from the front panel and through your computer. The amp itself hooks right into your USB connection such as Gargeband or other recording boards or software. The amp is all tube and sounds better the longer you leave it on... It's a loud 15 watts... I have used this amp on smaller gigs without any problems. If your looking for a studio/home/1st amp you can't go wrong with this guy. It's now my go to amp in the studio. You can make this amp sound many different ways and with an FX chain in front of channel one (how I run it) the sky is the limit. Haven't used the software that you need to download from Fender but will look at it later. right now this amp doesn't need to be tweaked for me...I loved it right out of the box! Give it a test drive and let your ears decide...
This is the greatest practice amp ever.  And by practice I mean practicing by yourself and with a band.First, it's all tube, so it sounds really good.  It's gets nice and dirty as you crank it and sounds warm at all volumes.  It also takes pedals well and can sound like a beast.Second, it's 15 watts and is pretty darn loud.  I've used it for band practice and it's definitely loud enough to keep up with a drummer.  At a bar you'll probably need to mic it or use the included line-out.Third, if the 10&#34; speaker isn't loud enough, you can plug it into a cabinet to push more air, it sounds great in the 4x12 and 2x12 cabs I have.  That'll make it loud enough for most bars.Fourth, it has great sounding built in effects, nearly everything you'll need.  Most small tube amps don't have built in effects.  So if you're trying to practice down in the living room, you're forced to drag your effects with you.  That's annoying.  With this amp everything is built in.Fifth, unlike a lot of tube amps, this one gets very quiet.  You can turn it way down, keep the warm tone, and practice without bothering anyone else.Sixth, the price is amazing.  All tube, build in effects, and line and speaker out... wow.  Fender is basically giving these things away.I love this amp so much I want to buy one for every guitarist I know.  The only downsides are that it does not come with a cover and a footswitch.  But considering the price, that's understandable. There's no reason to include those if most people are not going to use them.  You'll only want the cover and footswitch if you're playing in a band.
I have owned many solid state and modeling amplifiers, including a few of the Vox Valvetronix series.  However, this is both my first Fender amp, as well as my first true &#34;tube&#34; amp.  First, some clarification is needed on &#34;tube&#34; vs. &#34;modeling&#34; amp.  The Fender Super Champ X2 is absolutely a tube amp - it has one 12AX7 and two 6V6's, and they are involved in both the preamp and power amp stages.  However, the amplifier has a modeling component on top of that true tube tone, which is what allows it to project different &#34;voices&#34;.  Contrary to what some posters have written, Channel 1 does also have some front-end modeling, except that the the model is fixed for &#34;Blackface&#34; tone and controlled by a separate volume know (no gain control).  Channel 2 offers 16 different &#34;Voice&#34; presets and 10 of these model a variety of vintage Fender amplifiers, including the Tweed Deluxe, Bassman, Deluxe, Princeton, and Twin.  Settings 9-15 model a variety of other popular amps, including the Vox AC30 and Marshall.Overall, I found the available tones to be excellent.  Unlike my Valvetronix, where I more or less settled on a particular setting and used it at all times, I could really see myself flipping between the different models and seeing how they respond to different guitars.  One thing that should be noted if you plan on changing models frequently - you may have to adjust volume, gain, bass, and treble to dial in the same amount of volume as you move from amp to amp.  However, I found the levels to be much more uniform in output than in other amps with a modeling component.  Also, the X2 does not suffer from a lot of the excess noise or &#34;hissing&#34; you hear with digital modeling amps.The tones that come out of the 10&#34; speaker of the Super Champ X2 are very rich and touch-responsive, as you'd expect from a tube amp.  The amp has TONS of high-end sparkle, but some of the settings only start to open up if you increase the volume (true of many amps).  The stock speaker, which is Fender's own design (and has a ceramic magnet, I believe), is frequently criticized as a weak point.  However, it is certainly passable and if you are new to tube amps (or only intend on playing at bedroom levels), you're unlikely to take issue with it.  The Eminence Ragin' Cajun is a commonly suggested replacement that apparently adds significant amounts of output and low end.  But, again, the amp is plenty loud and full-sounding for its size.  Better intended for home/studio use than most gigs, but it excels at what it does.That brings us to the effects section and the Fender FUSE software that works with the amp via USB cable.  Frankly, I'm not a fan of most on-board effects with combo amplifiers.  I prefer to use pedals for modulation, delay, and some overdrive/distortion.  The good new is that the on-board reverbs (which include spring, room, hall, and a few others if you install them from the software) are quite good.  You can also reassign the presets to different effects.  So, if you want a flanger with a reverb, you can have a setting for that.  If you want a different type of delay mixed with a particular reverb, you can do that too.  The Tap Tempo button is a great modern convenience to go with those effects.  But, as I said, while they represent a good value for players that don't want to invest in pedals, I'm more likely to use my Boss DD-3 than the on-board delay, and so on.The build quality of the Super Champ X2 is largely excellent.  The grill is wound tightly and with the same convincing shimmer of some of Fender's more expensive amps.  The amp weighs in at 24 pounds and is extremely portable with the handle on top.  One thing I did note, however, is that the knobs protrude and seem like they would be very easy to damage while transporting, so I will have to be careful about that.  Also, there are a couple of seams for the tolex material on top of the amp that look like they could have been hidden better.  But overall, the amp looks very well constructed.  I was initially concerned about the digital aspects taking away from the tube amp aesthetic, but everything is mapped to vintage-looking knobs, and from a few feet back, the amp looks just as much at home in the 60's as it does post-2000.Overall, I think this is an excellent value and a quality amp that I hope to enjoy for years to come.  I'm only really scratching the surface of its potential, but it makes great Fender tone sound easy.  The Fender FUSE software could be a little more intuitive to work with, and I wish there were a better way to know what each of the Voice and F/X settings correspond to without consulting a chart.  But it's a great little amplifier that's all the power you'd need for hobbyists and studio recording, and it could probably handle some smaller gigs as well.
This amp sounds phenomenal for such a small package and a single 10 inch speaker!  It sounds great right out of the box.The overdrive channels amp models are some of the best I've heard from modelers, pedals etc. Not much use for any of my many pedals with this amp because better tones are already in the presets and I havent even looked at the fuse software yet.I am very happy with this amp and it sounds great at lower volumes.  If you mic up this will work for small gigs.  The build seems very good.I don't think you can find a better sounding brand new amp for this price.
I picked up one of these little gems on sale and was very surprised. The sound is very authentic as I have a 60's tube Champ in excellent working order for reference, as well as a Deville.This little amp has the classic Fender tube sound, with a broad, punchy tone and the right amount of compression. The included digital effects, (vibraphone, delay, reverb, chorus and tremolo) are all convincing and well executed.The modeling portion of the amp is also well done and includes voicing for a tweed champ, tweed deluxe clean/dirty, baseman, 65 princeton clean/dirty, 65 deluxe clean/dirty, 65 twin and an array of british and metal amps.All and all, a super practice amp or mic-able performance amp. Great job Fender.PS - I don't review products that don't stand out as excellent.
