Kudos to Fender for making an amp like this available at this price point.  It has 25 watts of power, a 10 inch speaker, a real spring reverb, and it's a traditional analog circuit without a digital processor.  It will make your electric guitar sound pretty much the way it's supposed to.The downside is that when I compare this amp to what Fender was selling fifteen years ago, the Champion 110, it falls a little short.  The particle board cabinet is thinner, the speaker is less hefty, and the whole thing feels and sounds a little less substantial.  It's obvious that the bean counters really pushed to get this thing as inexpensive as it is, and they also moved production to Indonesia from Mexico.  Maybe weight is a factor in shipping it across the ocean.All the same, I can still recommend it because it beats the crap out of digital amps and it gives you substantial power and a 10" speaker and real Fender tone and looks.  Fender probably figures that players flush with cash will prefer a well-made tube amp or an amp with tons of digital modeling, but I kind of wish they still produced a solid 25 watt analog practice/light gigging amp.
i got mine yesterday and love it, it sounds grate ,i didn't know what amp to get, i looked and looked ,read a lot of reviews and even got on YouTube to see what people had to say, and seems this one had a lot of good reviews,, i knew fender has a good name for amps , and for the money this one was the one, i am so glad i got it , it gave life to my electric guitar, i bought mine somewhere else ,but still grate amp ,,i didn't want to spend a lot of money for an amp ,and didn't want to get something small  for 20 or 30 dollars less and would out grow with my music,as i get better playing guitar, but figure this amp will do me just fine for many years to come and it will. this will save me money in the long-run ,i am very happy with it,i like the five year warranty that came with it, you can't go wrong ,great sound,, and its not to big ,,nice size amp,,and  easy to pick-up,,nice looking amp ,,
I was buying a pawn shop guitar, when paying they handed me this amp and stated it came with the guitar. I didn't expect to actually use it but what the heck, I could sell it and make a bit of money back. Got home to set up my new pawn shop guitar and plugged into the Frontman 25 just to see if it worked. I was surprised to find out not only did it work, it sounded very good. I own a Deluxe Reverb all tube amp and the little Frontman 25 had the Fender sound. What really was impressive was the reverb, it went from a nice echo to full fledge drippy surf sound. I actually took it to a few small gigs and it did very well, I normally use a Blues Jr for small gigs but the Frontman did a fine job. On some smaller gigs when all I need is a little reverb I just plug straight into the amp and it worked well, plenty of volume and smooth reverb plus it's small and easy on the back. All in all very impressed and have decided to keep it. I would easily pay full retail, it is a nice little amp, might even see if I can squeeze a 12 inch speaker into it!
I have several other amps ranging from half stacks to twins and this little guy fills a definite hole. I mainly play an American Standard Tele and the 25R fits her like a glove. I love the tone and the reverb for $100 is amazing! The dirty channe is what it is, but the clean channel is worth the price of admission.I can imagine using this guy for a small gig, but I mainly use it for practice and jamming over night while everyone else is sleeping. If you are in the market for a sweet little amp with a very rich clean channel and classic spring reverb you should look no further, this really is a great little amp!**Update**If you are interested in a DIY amp stand that will enhance the sound of the amp, check out my review and amp stand plans for the 25R on my website![...]
I actually bought this amp at a pawn shop for $60, but i would have paid the retail price if i had bought it new, with no complaints. For such a small combo, this amp really packs a punch. It is plenty loud, and is just fine for smaller club gigs. However, you could use it in larger venues also, since you generally mic up your amp anyway, and get most of your sound from monitors.Anyway, the clean channel is what you would expect from any Fender amp, with good tone and crisp reverb. The high gain channel is really fat sounding. I still use distortion pedals, and generally leave it on the clean channel so i can switch back and forth between clean and distortion with ease (not sure if there is a foot switch for the amp, since my pawn shop purchase didnt include one), but without a pedal, the high gain channel performs adequately.For the price, this is really an upper echelon amp in my opinion. Kind of does away with the need for a half stack, unless you are really gigging frequently at larger venues or outdoors. Plus, it is far lighter and easier to transport, lol.
I am very pleased with my Frontman 25R. I purchased as a practice amp. The sound quality is very clear, and it has all the volume you will ever need. With the gain and drive cranked up to 10, I set the volume at 3. That is all the volume I need for practicing in my home. You could actually use it on an outdoor stage at level 10. I cranked it up to test it, and the sound quality was still clear at 10. I would recommend it as a good economical all around amp.
You get a 10" speaker and separate drive control volume with this amp; try to findthose two capabilities in another amp for around $90.00!!!!!!!!!!!!This is by far the best practice amp I have found in the past 10 years and I owna butt load of new amps.I have actually upgraded to a Champion 40, but still use this amp as much as the 40.Don't even think about it, this is one of the best (under $100.00) practice amps, unless you are looking for a gadget filled amp, and in that case you should look elsewhere, as this one is forturning on and going for it and not fiddling around with digital controls until you havejust lost most of your practice time.As an addendum, I would like to add that you should probably not try to replace the speakeras I have read from other reviewers. I have a few of these amps, so just for the heck of it,I put in a Celestion G10 Greenback (which costs more than the 25R) and was very disappointed withthe results.This amp is not being carried by a lot of retailers now, but can still be had new for under $100.00 if you just do an internet search.
I purchased this for my love of playing guitar. I like blues style and classic rock. This 25 watt amp will get the job done. It is not to be expected as a high quality amp by any means. After a few months of playing the bass knob just blew. So I had no bass control. Arrived pretty fast and had no issues as far as tears or dings in the packaging. You just have to mess around with the knobs to get the tone you want. Took me like half an hour to get the right amp settings.This amp is rated 75 watts, so technically you could upgrade the speaker to say a 50 watt (into 8 ohm). I would definitely recommend upgrading the speaker to a celestion or Jensen. I'd recommend it, but don't buy it if your looking for a really decent tone. It's just a practice amp.
