It works but shut it down as soon as you are finished tuning up. It eats batteries like nothing this size I have ever seen. The swivel ball socket broke and I had to glue the arm into the remaining socket. Hmmm.
very awesome item. really useful for tuning. haven't had any problems with it at all so far. Looks very nice
My friend has commented on its bright color - "you'll never lose that thing!" I hope he's right cause I love this little tuner. Works well and easier to read than many of its competitors.
I have another cheap clip on tuner from guitarfetish.com which works well.  The Snark is a bit larger (only an issue, really, if you don't like having something clipped to your headstock) but it's much easier to read, and it's very sensitive and accurate (according to my ear, anyway).  Easy to use, picks up the note very quickly, and the colored visual indicators are so easy to see, even in bright light, which can be an issue with my other one.Also, someone made this point in another review - this thing can be a great training tool to learn the notes all over the neck. It picks up the note very quickly, and so it can be used very easily for that purpose, as well.
the snark series of tuners are the best small tuners I have found, I have both the the SN-1 and SN-2 for my guitar and mandolin respectively, when buying be sure to get the correct one for the instrument you are going to use it on, if not sure which, get the SN-2 (red) one it generally will work for all instruments.
Very very useful.  Like seriously, unless you are very very good, you can QUICKLY get a sharper tuning with a snark than you can by ear.
I bought this just to see what everyone was raving about.It's all true.This tuner works great!It is better than my Intelli 600, which I also like.The colors and lighting make it very easy to read.It has no problem with the low E string. Obviously more sensitive.The Intelli works, but sometimes you have to move it around to find a sweet spot for the low E.As with the Intelli, it is not affected by ambient noise.The only thing I find worse than the Intelli is the gooseneck. While it is very adjustable, the Intell folds flat which I really like.The Snark is well worth it's small price!
One of the best tuner's out there!!  It was shipped immediately and was in perfect working order!  Very happy with this purchase.
I bought it for my violin I was a bit reluctant because I uses vibrations to tune and I was hoping not to get something useless. Its been great so far. Its easy to use I clip it on my violin and tune I like to keep it on while I play to make sure I have my fingers in the correct spot as it shows the note I'm playing.
Has worked very well so far.  Need to make sure it is extremely quiet area when you tune but has worked well and easy to use.
great tuner! it is very simple to use and the articulating head allows me to see better while tuning the guitar. i will buy another one of this.
I've had the same tuner for years. I decided to upgrade. I got this because it had alot of good reviews and it was fairly cheap. It tunes better than any tuner I've ever used. Worth every penny!
I used this on my bass, which up until recently I was trying to tune by ear. I had it close but it's the fine tuning that really helps. This tuner really opened my eyes to how much even being a little bit off can change the sound. I am a beginner so you gotta cut me some slack on that one. But the tuner was a snap to figure out and I had my bass tuned in less than a half hour.
Awesome tuner ! spot on tuning , very bright display and super fast and easy to use ! this is a must have
I am editing my earlier review.  I bought 2 of these about 6 months ago.  One works just fine, no problems whatsoever, I use it on every gig and at home.  The other has some kind of short in it.  It drains batteries almost overnight.  When I take the batteries out, no problem.  Tunes just fine, but I am sure over time the battery harness will break as it is made of flimsy plastic materials that surely will not stand this kind of test.I contacted Snark and Marcy, their customer service rep, sent me a new one free of charge even though the tuner was out of warranty.  Excellent customer service!  They have earned my loyalty even if their products are not perfect because their service is!I will edit this review later if the replacement turns out not to work perfectly.
good product, good service should be fine for years to come...i have one in my main guitar caseses..always close by. enjoy
Accurate little accessory only works with guitars. It seems to me that this tuner works by sensing vibrations of things that it is in contact with. Only buy this if you intend to use it with a guitar. I don't know how effective this would be with other stringed instruments, or for uses other than tuning.
This was for a friend who plays guitar. He used it several times and said that he was satisfied with the results.
I have nothing but good things to say about the Snark SN-1.  Accurate, easy to use, clear display, and much smaller than I anticipated, yet it's quite sturdy and attaches snugly to my guitar.  At home or on the go, I can't see the need for another tuner.
Very useful.
...even a kid can use it with a guitar. I received 2 in a kool metallic-blue, but as far as I know you can't choose the color and it is bad because a match with the instrument is kool.My perplexity (this is why the 4 stars) is generally on electronic tuning, it happened to me that different brands gave a slight different tune, while 'all' should be perfect and perfectly the same... creepy isn't it?What we do now?  I do not own a grand piano to decide which is the right tune ...better go back to the diapason?
It does a good job for the price.  I have a bad ear that distorts sounds somewhat, and this really helps.
Easy to use, Seems to be well made. I only gave it 4 stars because I wish the built in Metronome made a noise you could hear as you play. Having to look at the beating heart while you play is very difficult.
This Snark tuner is a very clever gadget that is simple to use (even for my children) and works well. The display is easy to understand and is very accurate (confirmed by our guitar teacher's meter). The Snark also has protective grips so it will not damage the guitar finish.Everything should be this easy to use and work this well!Highly Recommended!CFH
I have been playing acoustic guitar and banjo for years and tried several tuners.  The Snark SN-1 is, by far, the best.  It is acurate and picks up the vibration of the low A and E strings without a problem.
I see sales people at guitar stores walking around with these things clipped to their shirts.  Much more fun than a black box. I own one of each model.
Although I didn't purchase my Snark SN-1 on Amazon, I wanted to share my excellent customer service experience about a company that clearly cares about its customers. I had a problem with my Snark, and the company displayed first class customer service -- exceeding my expectations. The SN-1 is a must-have as far as I'm concerned. I had been using my iPhone until a friend recommended the Snark tuner. SO much easier to use, and I like the logical incremental LED display that shows if you're flat or sharp. On my iPhone, the app I've been using doesn't always display the frequency when I'm really out of tune, so I have no visual indicator of where the tuning is at. If I had a better ear, no problem, but such is not the case.Snark not only shows you with the bar display, but also displays the notes your string is playing. Much easier -- you don't need to select your tuning or anything first. It picks up your frequency on whatever string you're on and you simply dial it in.Great, sturdy clip with a well thought-out foot pad works perfectly with my acoustic and electric. I usually just leave the Snark on my music stand where I can use the visual metronome. You can also just clip it to a nearby desk. Buy this with confidence -- you'll love it.******************************EDIT: Although I still love this little tuner, my model has suffered a few issues which I will address here. I'm not certain if it's a design flaw or not, but the little plastic pieces that serve as the socket joint on both ends of the adjustable ball arm have a tendency to snap off. I think the manufacturer should look into this and perhaps design a single ring of plastic which may have more integrity. Also, the rubber feet fell off long ago with very moderate use at my home. The electronics themselves have held up admirably.
This tuner clips on easily to all the instruments I have, shows pitch quickly and accurately. The screen is bright, and the battery lasts a very long time. It actually just dims the display as the battery is dying, and can last like that for months. I've banged mine around a bit, and it's stayed in one piece. The plastic is solid but not unbreakable. The size of the tuner is a bit large, it's not the smallest on the market, but it is small and light enough that when I leave it on my uke's headstock I can't feel the extra weight. Easy to operate, easy to read. I like it so much I got another one right away when I thought I'd lost the first. Now I have two, and am considering getting a third to keep in the travel bag.
I bought this as a second tuner for gigs. It is awesome!Easy to use, easy to see. Simple, inexpensive.Get one! You will not be disappointed.
There is a problem with the design.  When you move the head, the 3 little plastic pieces that hold the ball that allows you to rotate the head, just break off.  The tuner itself is great, but the product fails because it broke in 5 minutes.
does what it says it does just as everyone elses reviews say it does so not a very helpful review here but i had to write something in order to give a rating
Even though I have a tuner in my pedalboard setup, and one on my iMac via MainStage 3, the Snark is indispensable. It's perfect for those times when you don't want to drag out a bunch of gear, and just want to noodle around, even without an amp. I use this little guy for electric guitars, and could see it being perfect for acoustic guitars, as it barely takes up any room at all in a case or gig bag.
Love the very fast tracking,  So convienient to have a cheap but amazing tuner on each of my guitars!  For $10 bux each,  why not???  The screen articulates so there is always a perfect view,  I am finding myself making much more minor adjustments to my tuning than I used to just because its right there and so convienient,  so my playing sounds better than ever before simply because I am always in perfect tune now!  Way better than digging out the tuner from the case in the closet, finding a expensive 9 volt battery, selecting a note you want to tune and  waiting for a needle to stop moving on  my crappy old tuner.  Just an amazing product,  I even clipped it onto my piano and bought a $30 set of tools online and saved $100 tuning my piano myself!!!
I've owned a bunch of tuners over the past 30 years and this one is the best I've ever had for an acoustic guitar.  It is easy to operate, has a nice large display that you can easily see and it's small enough to carry anywhere.  It is fast, accurate and the battery seems to last forever.  Nothing to complain about here, 5 stars all the way!
I have about 4 different types of tuners and this is the best of them all. I have small kids and birds around the house so many tuners get lost with the noise. This one works off the vibration of the guitar so it is right every time even with a lot of noise around.
For some reason, this one just doesn't hit the notes right.  It looks like it should tune more precise than other models but the tone is way off for mine anyway.  I have tried it several times and it just doesn't tune right.  Then I recheck with my other brand and it's not even close.  Maybe I just got a bad one?  I like that this one shuts off automatically..but again, it's WAY off tune.I did like the style, size and color.....but it doesn't work right so it's like running with a flat tire...
I wonder if all these Snarks, no matter whether they are 1 to 12 , have all the same frequency ranges.  I have them all, and they all work great!
Been playing for five decades now. Used to tune with a tuning fork. Then later, used a Boss TU-12 for years. Now the Snark comes along and the Boss tuner (reliable and true) sits in the bag with other accessories I use, but it has no need to come out. The Snake took it's place.No need to unplug from the amp, and then plug the tuner in. Fast and easy. The readout is easy to see in any light. Working off the vibration of the string via the guitar makes this an accurate tuner, as some pickups will have too great a signal for a standard tuner and give a false reading. Not with the Snark. Small. Handy. The list goes on, but I think you get the point. It works well. Very long battery life. Easy to see. Oh, and did I mention ACCURATE??? Yeah, I think I did.
I use this for my acoustic primarily, but sometimes for my electric guitar.  It is accurate and easy to use.
I have always hated tuners; I would rather use tuning fork on the A string and go from there. Most tuners are too cumbersome and require large batteries or external power(pedals). In addition I couldn't use those on my acoustics. Snark solves all of these problems. The display is colorful and easy to read and hides neatly behind the headstock. There is also a visual tap metronome that shows a beating heart in sync with the tempo. I can easily move it from electric to acoutic, and Amazon's pricing is so low I am considering getting one for each of my guitars. This is one of the few 5 star ratings I've given any product on Amazon and I rate a lot.
I ordered this from the Amazon warehouse as a refurbished item. It was properly packaged but the base was broken and poorly glued together. The glue didn't  hold so the clamping base separated from the stem that allows the meter to swivel. This was unfixable so I sent it back for a refund. Warehouse deals are not such good deals.
Great little tuner.  works on everything I own which is 3 acoustics and 1 gretsch hollow body.  Great sensitivity and I love the Metronome built in it as well.
this is the 2nd tuner like this that I have purchased.  it really is dependable and works great for basic tuning of my guitar.  the battery lasts a long time as well, which is not true with all little tuners like this one.  all in all I am very happy with this purchase.  small price to pay to be in tune.  I would highly recommend it if what you are looking for is a dependable, inexpensive way to accurately tune your instrument.
Snark tuners are great! They are very accurate and are very inexpensive. I have three of them so I can keep one in each guitar case.
This thing is awesome!  I think it's the best tuner I've owned and it really does an excellent job.  It's easy and clear and everything a tool should be.  It's fast and easy just like a tuner should be.
Really love this product; works well, helps me stay in tune quickly, is helping me to train my ear to "hear" when I'm in tune.
This was a requested gift from my teenage son for Christmas and you should've seen the smile on his face that day.
I initially had a black colored one, because I thought that would be more &#34;cool.&#34;  But I lost it.  So now I get brighter colored ones.  Gripe: a rubber thingy on the bottom of the clip came off while performing, and I have not been able to find it.  It still works, but that's a design flaw.  Also, don't leave it attached to any fine guitar, because it, like capos, can permanently damage the finish of  a really fine guitar.  but it works well, and the batteries seem to last.
Just what I needed!  The display is easy to read and easier to use.  My old monochrome digical tuner had a needle that would jump around making tuning difficult.  The many colors of the Snark makes tuning quick and easy.  A definate must for any guitar player.
I thought this was the coolest guitar gadget. I use it often but find it is not very accurate. I use my iPhone app Guitar Toolkit tuner and that works much better. If you tune with the snark, then Guitar Toolkit, you can see the difference.
Very good tuner and I love that it attached to the instrument and you can leave it there. I wholeheartedly endorse the product.
I am absolutely delighted with this tunner.  One comment, my son has one also, the neck of his broke so he warned me.  I am always very careful when turning the &#34;head&#34;.  I can see where you might break the neck if you are unaware that it could happen.  As far as tuning goes I am very pleased.  I moved from a guitar to a harp so I am tuning many more strings and this is very helpful! Plus: my vision is not the best and this one I can really see!
I purchased this tuner for my 9 year old who is beginning guitar and it is 100% accurate and very easy to use.  His guitar instructor also commented on how accurate and simple to use.  I strongly suggest this to anyone looking for a tuner.  He connects it to his electric guitar with out amplification and gets a tune and can be connected to the amp.  If you are a beginner or seasoned player I know you will like an appreciate the tuner.  A must to keep in your bag especially for beginners, a guitar out of tune is very difficult to learn on.
This is the best invention since the wheel, as far as I'm concerned. It's easy to clamp onto my guitar head, and the frequency/not readings are quite accurate. It's incredibly easy to use and very handy when re-stringing a guitar.
There are a TON of reviews here, and I don't have a lot to add. You can read about what this tuner does and does not do in the specs section or from other reviewers who tend to review specs instead of how they like or dislike something. Bottom line, this is my favorite headstock tuner. I also own the new NS mini and it has its own qualities that I like as well (like being small), but it doesn't fit on my Godin's headstock. This tuner, the SNARK, fits on my Godin's small headstock with no problems. On a dark stage this works great. I love this little tuner. five stars.
I've heard about the Snark tuners before, and have seen them once in awhile, but while skimming the music side of Amazon I finally picked this up...and it works GREAT!
i love this tuner so much! the only reason that i had to buy it a second time was because i lost my first one unfortunately at a music camp a few years back. it works so well though, and i knew i'd have to buy a second one since i'd never see the first one again.
What can I say....for the price, this is the best tuner out there right now!  So nice not having to step on a tuning pedal in order to tune while I'm gigging onstage.  I just cut the volume on my guitar (Snark senses vibrations through the neck...so no sound needed!) and I'm done!Tap tempo works great too if you need to know the tempo of a song!  Just another awesome bonus :)
Works great right out of the box. Easy to use and accurate. A must have for any guitar player. Turn it on, clip it on and tune.
Great value. Works well, tunes tight and is CHEAP. When the battery is run down, the screen darkens but it still works. What more is there to say.
This snark thing is the cats meow, its absolutely Charlie. It hears things I don't and tells me whether they are what I want to hear to be in tune with the standard tuning used by so many musicians today to play musical things alone or together.If you like being in tune, this is probably for you. It is colorful plastic and is fun to look at even if you are not tuning anything. You can clamp it on a cat's tail, but the cat will not like it and the cat will break it so don't even think about doing that you sicko.Great design, easy to read, works better than 2 other brand tuners I own. only bummer is you can't carry it in your pocket cause its plastic and it is designed to break so you will buy another one or superglue your fingers trying to fix this one. If it were available in titanium housing it would be perfect and about 400 dollars, oh well.I suggest you purchase one immediately or risk your status of being cool, hip, out there or whatever standard definition of outside the mainstream you use to characterize yourself in an attempt at being singular without risking ostracization for standing outside the contemporary definitions of humanity.  oh the peer pressure........
This thing works great.  Tiny and seems to be accurate.  The price is darn good as well.  A must for all guitarists.
These tuners are so convienient and I have yet to see a musician I show these to who who doesn't appreciate it's simplicity.
What can I say-I love this thing.  I bought three more after trying the first one.  I put one in each of my guitar bags-can't live without it.  The tuning is excellent and so easy.  If you are hesitating buy it and you will love it.
I own a few tuners, including a Boss Tu-70.  Recently I purchased and reviewed the new GoGo TT-1 clip on tuner. I never thought a clip on could be as accurate and dependable as my Boss.  The GoGo is awesome and instantly became the only tuner I use.  But now I have to say, I think the Snark is a little better. I bought the SN-1 and the SN-2 because they are so inexpensive and so amazingly accurate.  The other great thing is they are chormatic, so besides being a great tuner, you can leave it clipped on to the headstock to practice accurate string bending or just learning the notes on the fretboard. The display is very easy to read...better than the GoGo (although GoGo has a new improved display since I bought mine).  I love the colors and the matte finish too.  The rubbery matte finish makes gripping the clip much easier than the smooth plastic of other tuners. The rubber surface also makes opening the battery compartment a snap too, I had to fight like heck to get the battery door open on my GoGo.  The Snark is less than half the price of my GoGo and out performs it...it's a no brainer.
First time I tried to use it, it broke in my hand.  It is now taped together, while I wait for a different kind to replace it.
Works amazingly so far. I am definitely proud of this product. Will be buying more in the future. Great Buy!!!
I used these on all my instruments, guitar, mandolin, and violin.  It works fine and I would recommend them at this good price.
I love these clip on ,vibration reading tuners, This was the second one I tried , The first was a Barcus Berry, which worked equally well, They both have lots of features, such as tap tempo, up and down tuning adjustments. With the Barcus Berry, it was the first one, after trying the Snark, which is a cool name and a lot more colorful, I tuned up a brand new guitar in a store , out of the box in less than 2 minutes, never came close to doing that before. That convinced me, the Quicktunes I had been using were accurate, but these seemed to be better, and get you perfect, I have heard that they work better on acoustic instruments, which makes sense, they put out a lot more vibrations than a solid body electric.From the literature it, seems that the snark could have been made by the quicktune company and the company that makes the cool cats pedals, that have been raved about.Hello, Raving bout this. I seen on Amazon they are cheaper, I bought a blue guitar only one at my local store for 19.99, here they are around 10 to 12 bucks. These type of tuners, especially the intellitouch are popular wih Bluegrass folk like me, The grapics on this are great , no more shaky needle, just a dead on still reading when you are perfect.
We attach this cute little tuner to the head / top of our guitar neck and tune our guitars... GREAT tuner. It goes with us when we travel with our guitars. We've played with other musicians who have used our tuner, and they have all commented, &#34;What a great little tuner.&#34;
The tuner workss as advertised. When I attached my guitar to a Boss Chromatic and clipped on the Snark, it was spot on. For $10 - which is also half the price at your local guitar shops. The product works as advertised and Amazon has the best deal.
simple, easy to use tuner, awesome price, works on guitars and basses, i am very happy with this product, very portable too
1,540 people like it,who am i to disagree...it works well but i wish i had discovered the gibson app on my iphone before i bought...but for the price it does work a lot better...never clip it to any body parts only on you guitar (don't ask) only kidding!!!
For a while I had the SN-5 tuner. But I bought this one and I'm glad a did. It's fast, accurate, reliable. The product picture can be a little deceiving. The color is a a metallic blue (almost navy). It's got some good features although I don't use them. I'll use nothing but snarks!
Excellent price. Excellent tuner- with one flaw. Using it couldn't be simpler, and it has excellent contrast. I would say it was the best clip-on tuner I've had a chance to use, except that it broke the first time I carried it in my gig bag to a rehearsal. One of the little fingers that holds the "ball" in the "socket" on the back of the tuner broke off, so the tuner and the clip are now separate pieces. This model works only by vibration unlike the red one, so without the clip, it is not very useful (it is possible to hold it against the head stock and still use it, but it isn't very convenient). I would just super-glue it together at a good angle, but I have to put it in different positions on different instruments. I've seen a number of complaints elsewhere about this same problem, so I would call it a design weakness.Despite the negatives, I would buy another if they beefed up the construction or sold it with a hard protective case.Update 4/4/13: Added back a star. I'm still managing to use it after hobbling together a fix involving a rubber sink washer. Even with a slightly compromised mount, it continues to provide excellent results. I recently purchased a replacement, the SN-8(B), but found it really disappointing. So much so I may send it back. I also tried a Planet Waves Mini Headstock Tuner, which no matter how much I try, I simply cannot love. So I just ordered another one of these. Despite the ball socket issue, it is still one of the best tuners I've ever used. For the money, I can afford to keep a couple on hand.
I love this little guy. Clip it on and no matter how much noise is around you, it will still accurately tune the guitar. Very easy and simple to use. I paid $9 for it and it is 10 times better than the $40 one I have.
The snark makes tuning your guitar easier and faster than anything I've ever seen.  It does wonders for tuning your guitar and cuts down on the time to tune your guitar. The music stores can't seem to keep these in stock because they are so popular. The price in the stores is $20.00 and at Amazon, you can get it for half the price. I saw no difficulties with using the tuner and it was up and running on the guitar and is easy to use.
I had been tuning my guitar by ear and thought I was doing a good job. After I used the Snark my guitar sounds so much better. I will never be without one again. The snark is easy to use and shows you positively when the guitar is in tune.
I like many things about this tuner. The fact that it turns off quicker than most and you only have to press the button to turn it off. Unlike the Fender which you have to press and hold. May not sound like a big deal but if you need to change tune in the middle of a show this one's faster. The Fender tuner in my opinion, and for my needs is more accurate and easier to see due to the fact that it gives a nice green color once you tune up. But this one's cheaper. Ahh decisions decisions. Still, you can't go wrong either way.
These tuners are amazing! I like them so much I bought another one. They work better than tuners costing ten times as much!You don't have to be a rocket scientist to use it. It's so simple a child can use it. The face of the tuner is lighted and easy to read even in the dark. It is extremely accurate. This is so much better than my Intellitouch tuner and cost less than half of what I paid for the Intellitouch. It's very affordable and is something no guitarist should be without. It uses one CR2032 3 volt battery and comes with the battery included. You have to install the battery which is no big deal. Just read the instructions. I recommend it highly and give it two thumbs up and a couple of toes too!
I had never owned an electronic tuner before, but have used the large models and the iPhone apps.  This is a great product.  It is easy to use.  Adjustable to virtually any stringed instrument.  I haven't banged it around, but have had no problems with durability.  Bright, easy to read display.  I would highly recommend this for beginners to pros alike.
I bought one of Snark's "Super Tight" tuners and found it to be less then advertised. It will get you in tune, but this tuner does so much better of a job for a lot less. I am going to buy another so I have one in the studio, and one on my stage rig. Buy it. It's a great little tuner!
All the parts I buy an Amazon  have  been checks out before I buy them and they  have been compared with other companies, and I found these parts are the best price and quality compared to other outlets I repair and rebuild guitars as a hobby and I am satisfied with these parts johnJ.
Very nice!!  Super vivid, easy to see color.  The clamp portion seems to be sturdy and well built.  This is a great buy for the money!
duriong my lessons, my instructor talked about several models of tuners that a guitarist can get. Some are old time one still with a kick, and the one he recommended was the Snark. Nor the shark, and that is what I thought he said when I first heard it. There were several kinds of tuners and I was looking for a good quality, made of sturdy materials, and was in a good price range. The snark I chose has been working just great for me.
This tuner can be adjusted to be very easy to see when you tune your instrument.It senses the vibrations of the string through the neck and head, so the sounds of other instruments do not effect the tuning.Very light, so I leave it on when I play...and it turns itself off when I forget, so it doesn't unnecessarily drain the batteries.Inexpensive so can afford three, one for a banjo, one for a bass and one for a guitar to keep in each instrument's case.
wonderful price and great product. Buy it! Love mine and have recommended to every musician I know. Works great and love the colorful display.
This is really quite a fantastic little gizmo.  It functions flawlessly and makes tuning my guitar quick, simple, and fun.  It is easy to read from any angle (it adjusts every which way).  You just clamp it onto your guitar and it picks up the vibrations, showing you when you are sharp, flat, or dead on.  Quite amazing, especially for the price.  Highly recommend (and I'm stingy with my 5 star reviews)
It does know when your guitar is in tune! Does it for you so you don't have to do it by ear.
I noticed an immediate improvement in my playing as this tuner, above all others I have tried (Korg, Intellitune, etc.) brings your instrument into dead-on 'ringing' true tune across the instrument. I use this on my Fender Stratocaster, Gibson Les Paul Custom, Fender Telecaster, Fender StratAcoustic, and Takaminie Classical. Works equally well, meaning phenomenally well, on all of my guitars. With all of the features, capo tune, visual metronome, acoustic as well as vibration tuning, plus calibration... This is one tuner you won't want to be without, and, the only one you need.
I accidently ordered two of these, which proved fortunate because one did not have a battery when it arrived at my APO in Afganistan, where watch batteries are hard to come by. That being said, This is the most user friendly little tuner I have ever owned. I don't have a particularly good ear, but I can tell when I am out of tune, and I have struggled with other tuners in the past trying to get just the right tune. I bought this for a brand new backpack guitar, and I had the guitar tuned up in less than 5 minutes after I clamped this tuner on the neck. These are cheap enough to buy one for every guitar and keep it in the case.
I really like this little tuner is is maintenance free, small light and easy to use.  Highly recommended for the price.
This is a great tuner for the price it looks slick and is a quality.product whether.u r a beginner or in a band this tuner will meet all of your needs.
I have used these type of clip on Tuners for quite some time and have 4 different brands.The SNARK however is absolutely THE BEST clip on tuner I've seen on the entire market and the price isperfect. They've come out with the SN-8 I hear, which I'll buy soon..Great Product..Don't leave home without it.
I bought this one after using the SN-2 for 5 months.The tuner works like a Champ!I can't really tell the difference between the SN1 and the SN2. They both work really well with my Taylor guitar, and my Fender Strat.
This tuner works great, easy to attach, turn on and adjusting the guitar to each individual string, is as easy as one two three.
After reviewing people reviewer, I had no dout, It great and it sure was.  Snark has a GOOD TUNER for low price.  Thank to Amazon and Snark, I think anyone needs a tunersnark is the best for your money.
There's really nothing I can add to what's already been said about this tuner.  I teach classical guitar and one of my students came in with this tuner.  I took a look at it and knew I had to have one too.  This tuner will tune chromatically, so you don't need to buy a special tuner for that.  I can use it on my guitar as well as my guitarlele which is tuned a 4th higher than the guitar.  I chose it over my other chromatic tuner the night my daughter was to play guitar in her school's talent show.  I needed to be able to tune her guitar accurately and quickly despite all the noise in the large room.  It performed fantastically!  (And so did she!!!)It's soft and rubbery feeling and won't scratch your guitar.  The reading are easy to read: red light you're flat, green - you're on pitch and yellow - you've gone sharp. It reads almost instantly.  My other chromatic clip-on tuner had some trouble with the D and low E strings but this tuner seems to give me a pitch quickly.I like this tuner a lot and highly recommend it.
This tuner gave me problems at first because I did not know how to use it. You have to attach it to the guitar in order for it to work, which is pretty cool. You don't have to hold it or put it on your leg. Also, this is very accurate and gives only a slight range to be in tune. It is a  great product.
This tuner works really well, i bought one a few months ago and it's super precise. I had it for a few months before I put it in my pocket and bumped into a wall and the socket snapped. It still worked really well but i needed a lot of duct tape to hold it together. 4 of my friends have had this same problem more than once, but we were all not too careful with it, if you don't bang it around it's great, i bought a new one
I popped the included battery into place, fired it up, clipped it to the head of my electric guitar, and it worked seamlessly.  For the price, this is a great deal!
Very, very good tune result. It really put yout guitar in tune. But the arm is so fragile. It has broken 2 monthes after the purchase, so i had to repair it manually with glue. I recommend.
I'm a semi-pro player, and this tuner is all I need.  A great buy, worth the money.  The simplicity of the design and the beautiful full color screen are my favorite features of the Snark Sn-1.
This tuner is nice , inexpensive and very easy to use.  It does a very nice job keeping the instrument tuned
I have tried several different kinds of guitar tuners and of the ones I have tried the Snark is the best. It is more precise easier to operate and just simply looks prettier. I highly recommend this tuner.
Solid tuner, more accurate than I anticipated and very easy to use. It will get you extremely close and for the size and functionality it seems to be the best product of it's kind that I've used.
the snark tuner is theBEST one I have owned  extremely accurate  easy to use  very reasonably priced for such a good piecehave paid lots more for products that were harder and not as accurate
Excellent little device for the money.  Easy to use.  I have paid double for tuners that have not worked as well.  This will get you in tune for $11 or less - can't beat it.
I own several of the Snark tuners.  The SN-1 settles quickly, and works with a wide array of instruments.  Tuning couldn't be simpler.  Just clip it to your instrument and strum or play a note and, in an instant, there it is.  The display is bright and easy to read, and the graph has a lot of resolution.  The SN-1 senses frequency through vibration.  It is transposable, and it offers a metronome feature.  The SN-1 is finished with a rubbery texture and is a beautiful &#34;electric blue&#34; color.
I like the way the Snark attaches to all of my guitars and a mandolin. It reacts quickly and is not over-sensitive. The way the mounting and dial articulate make it easy to set up while not interfering with the tuning knobs. Easy to read and for the very low price a great value. However, and this may be my own fault, I often need to snap my finger against the dial to get it to start reading. I say my own fault because I put the battery in wrong the first time and had to pull it out with needlenose pliers. That may have damaged a contact. I play with a number of other people that have Snarks and they all work properly. I would buy another one without hesitation.
Since this my first Snark SN-1 Tuner I am very pleased with performance it gives me accurate read outs against built in tuners on the guitars (Acoustic) that is. Like all all functions it has looking forward to maybe upgrading to the next model or so just have a few around for each instrument.
If you are a beginning guitarist, like myself, you probably can't tell one note from another. This product does all the hard work for you easily, quickly and accurately. The only thing I needed to know but didn't was that if you get a reading of G and you need to make the reading B for the B string, the notes follow the alphabet from A to G and then begin again. So you are turning in the right direction from G if the next note is A. The one after A will be B. Seems simple enough if you know anything about music. I didn't.
This is a great little tuner.  Used it for more than a year with no issues.  Fantastic for positioning it anywhere on the guitar.  It also has an excellent display for showing you how sharp or flat you are.  The only reason I didn't make this a five star rating is that I discovered the Planet Waves PW-CT-12 NS Mini Headstock Tuner.  If it was a choice between the 2, the Planet Waves wins, hands down.  But this is excellent for what it is:  an easy-to-clip-on tuner that can be used on any instrument.  I've even set it down on my elementary classroom autoharp and it tuned it to perfection.
One of biggest hurdles for any instrument player is keeping your instrument in tune.  With this little gadget there is no guess work.  Clamp it onto the headstock of your guitar and pluck each string and bring each one into tune. I love this little gadget and the price is super on Amazon!
I have to edit my once five star review because twice in a row I recieved a tuner in the mail, and after less than one week the screen goes totally dim. I Can't imagine this is the battery since that is supposed to last a year and I only used the tuner 4-5 times for less than a minute each time. It's so dim I can barley see the reading when I squint. It's only $10 just a pain to wait two weeks for amazon to give a refund. I'll be buying another one and trying it again! Good tuner, unlucky with two lemons I guess.
This is the best clip on tuner out there.  It's dead accurate, doesn't bounce around like dial needle tuners, and it's EASY TO READ!  You just clip it to your headstock, either acoustic or electric, turn it on, position the face toward you and start tuning very quickly.  Highly recommended for all string players, especially electric or acoustic guitar or Dobro.  There are other tuners by Snark that are more sensitive to lower ranges and higher ranges, so check out what suits your needs.
...but what you ask? This tuner gets the job done but the part that connects the clip to the tuner is very weak and can break off easily. Mine broke and so did my friend's. It's probably cheaper to just buy a new one than to get a replacement clip.
Not quite as good as the red All Instrument Snark, but it gets the job done and the price is right.
Very accurate tuner BUT it broke within the first week I used it.  The little head on the tuner is connected with an arm and a ball and even when  you are gently the three prongs holding the ball joint can crack and break rendering it useless.  I will try to get a replacement... Now as a tuner it was really quite good but just not durable which is kinda what you need.
The Snark SN-1 is small, accurate and easy to use. I have a more "sophisticated" tuner and the Snark works faster and is much easier to use.
I've been playing for over 30 years and now have three different electronic tuners, so I'm a good judge of the Snark:PROS:  It's chromatic so it's good for every tuning job; no need to plug it into your jack; ambient noise doesn't affect it; great sharp, colorful display; reacts quickly; small enough to fit easily in my case; cool blue color; built-in metronome; powers down automatically to save the battery; transposes up to four steps if you're using a capo; will even identify major chords.CONS:  Works better on acoustics and semi-hollows than on solid bodied guitars; made me realize that three of my strings need intonating (or is that a PRO?); metronome is visual only; manual says that long-term use of the clip in one spot can damage some guitars' finishes; big blue thing on your guitar looks weird.Now that I have the Snark I have officially retired my other two tuners.  This is easier to use, easier to carry around, you don't have to unplug from your amp, it works on acoustic or electric, and it's chromatic.  And it's cheap.  Definitely recommended.
so cheap I bought one for each of my ukuleles..  would never use a pitch pipe again, and I guess I might be tone deaf cuz i cannot tune them without these.
I got this becasue our bassist got his hands on one and loved it.  I have a stompbox tuner but this Shark is really fantastic.Easy to use and very accurate.  It makes tuning a breeze.
At first I was skeptical of this nifty little tuner, but since I've been using it for the past few weeks, I've yet to have one complaint. It sits right atop, clipped to the guitar, operates on vibrations, so doesn't pic up other guitars, is light, barely even notice it, and seems quite accurate.
I received this yesterday and it is the best tuner for my acoustic guitar.  This is the second one I have and it works well.  I have a built in tuner, but the Snark is so easy to use and inexpensive, it is a great deal.  I would recommend this to any acoustic guitar player.
Bright easy to read display, adjusts to face any direction, so I can even use it with my Telecaster which has very little room on the headstock.  Accurate and fast. Can't beat the price, and battery compartment is easy to open, unlike some other tuners I have.
Started to take guitar lessons locally to balance out the DVD's and books, and my teach used a clip-on tuner and my interest went sky high. (I am a professional drummer with serious guitar envy)All I can say is GOODBY JACK-IN TUNERS.With this little baby it makes no difference whether you are playing an electric guitar/bass or an acoustic, and you can tune on the fly with the thing clipped on to your headstock all the time. Admittedly you can do this with with a jack-in tuner without the jack-in part, but the results aren't always that good, and you have to fish around for the tuner.The whole turn the amp down, unplug from the amp, jack into a tuner, unplug from the tuner, plug back into the amp, turn the amp up process every time something sounded a bit off always soured me and brought down my enthusiasm while practicing/playing the guitar, but those days are over. I need to keep my enthusiasm level high, and actually play the guitar instead of fishing around for a tuner.As far as accuracy, it is as good, or better than any jack-in tuner I have (I have three different brands).
I have no complaints except when I try to tune my guitar a half step down, there are buttons for that on the back of the tuner but I have zero clue how to use them. This tuner is perfect it sits nicely on the head, swiveling head, visible from wherever you are.
This tuner is great, and it being so low price makes it even more better, standard shipping took 2 days to reach me in Mass. I was pleased for that. The tuner comes with a 2032 (circle) battery, and its as simple as pushing the power button and strumming the guitar strings. I'd definitely recommend this product to a friend. I'd buy it again. Its a nice little tuner, and my guitar is sounding great. This is a very well made product.
I bought one of these at a music store like 2 years ago for 30 bucks. I was Impressed and used i to tune my guitar, bass and mandolin. Later I saw them for 8$ here on amazon and I bought 1 for myself 1 for a sister and another for my brother in law. These are a great deal. I can tune my electric bass without a pedal while the stage is really loud! It just uses vibration of the instrument.
These tuners (including the red version) are the best. I have many tuners, from expensive Peterson and Boss, Korg, Seiko, Quiktune, and many other brands, from standard tuners to a few different brands of clip ons. The Snark is the easiest and most stable to use. Even my young guitar students, who have had trouble learning to tune using other tuners that I love, have no problem tuning with this tuner.
I am but a mere novice when it comes to playing the guitar, but I purchased this SN-1 to replace the piece of junk first tuner I had. I'm very happy with the size of the SN-1. It's small, much smaller than I expected which was a big bonus. It takes up very little room on the headstock, and does not interfere when I make tuning adjustments. The &#34;chip-clip&#34; style clamp does a surprisingly good job of staying in place on my Ibanez acoustic and I *think* my guitar sounds better than it did while using my previous tuner.The user interface is very simple, and the display is easy to read and understand in both higher and lower lighting conditions. The instruction manual is adequate, but the SN-1 seemed very intuitive for me to use. The product arrived on time, as shown, well packaged, for what I believe to be a fair price at about eight dollars and change. I've had this SN-1 for a couple months now, and will update this review down the road. Thanks for reading, and if you have any questions, feel free to ask and I will do the best I can to answer.SPO
I had to tune my guitar and I bought this. Well it works great. I got the sound I wanted.
I've bought quite a few tuners over the years. These are small, responsive, easy to read, and the fact that they work on vibration means they can be used in a loud setting without interference. These are great!!At first I was turned off by the 'toyish' appearance, but decided to try it after reading the reviews. Let me say that in person they look nicer than in the pics, and they perform way better than I expected.
I tune both my acoustic and electric guitars with it and it appears to do a good job on both. I didn't think it would pick up the vibration on the electric very well but it does and without it being attached to the amp. It appears to do a better and faster job than my old seiko electric guitar tuner. I would have gave it a five star but being a beginner and not having developed a good musical ear yet I don't know if it is tuning the guitars as well as some other unit. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good inexpensive tuner.Update: The more I use this tuner the more I like it. It is easy to read and use and doesn't appear to be as easily broken as other reviewers say theirs was. Of course I am careful with it a keep it put away when not being used.
I had a little dificulty learning how to tune it at the beginning but after i played with it enough i figured it out and its so easy to use and my friends love it they say s*** im gonna by me one lol
When this arrived I didn't realize it was that small. Thought it has to be so its out of the way. Then I thought, this thing can't work very well, but it does perfectly. The first few times a used it, I wasn't expecting muchhowever, I couldn't more wrong it really works well and I would recommend this to family or friends.
I was surprised by the size...very small and unobtrusive. My older guitar has a decal on the top of the head which made the small size a bit of an issue, but with the cleverly designed swivel pad and wide opening on the clip of the Snark, I could still easily manage it.The tuning is dead-on, and couldn't be more convenient. Since it's based on vibration, the performance is completely unaffected by outside noise. Also, you don't have to try and balance anything on your knee or use a table to hold your standard audio tuner. Just clip it on and swivel the head to face you.I really like the design. Attractive but not overly loud in color, and a nice non-slip surface. The display is bright and the interface is very intuitive...you just press the button and start plucking strings.In addition, Snark's customer service was very friendly and helpful.Putting my two cents aside(that anyone who plays the guitar should learn to tune by sound, without a tuner, given one of the notes), I highly recommend the Snark tuner.
Purchased this Snark tuner after reading a few positive reviews and decided to give it a try. For the money I figured why not.GREAT little tuner. Dead on accuracy and perfect for tuning in rooms where you may have noise interference using regular tuners. This clips to the headstock and  is very easy to use.The face pivots around and the display is nice and bright. I will pick up a few more and toss em in my guitar cases!
This tuner is easy to use.  I have a guitar with a built in tuner that just doesn't seem to be perfect on pitch.  This tuner is and I am very happy with this purchase.
not much to say, if you play guitar buy one, you'll never be out of tune again, lets you tune anytime, i never even take mine off, no more "does this sound in tune" because it will always be in tune, so do your self a favor and go out and buy one, very affordable (you could collect enough cans to buy this in a couple hours)so enjoy
I have seen people complain about battery life. I turn it on, tune, and then turn it off and my batteries last forever. The display is good, and the tuners work well. I have four of them and have compared them for accuracy and sensitivity. I think it is a well made product and good value. Thank god for tuners. There is nothing worse than a bunch of out-of-tune, loud guitar players.
The Snark SN-1 is sometimes dissed because of it being slightly inaccurate. I beg to differ. This is the most accurate headstock tuner that I have ever used, and it also has a built in metronome, which I never use, but could come in handy. Another thing is the price point, which is simply amazing. The blue color is a bit annoying however, and I'd like it if they came out with a black SN-1. The visibility of the screen is amazing, and I can see it even with the sun reflecting off of it, or in a completely dark room.
I've got a bunch of these little tuners- I keep one with each instrument. They are a little tough on batteries, but they are accurate, even picking up notes below E on my double bass C extension.Highly recommend!
Tuning a guitar is difficult for a novice.  This device just clips to the guitar and tuning is easy.  Why you would almost think I know what I am doing.
This was a great purchase.  My son found exactly what he needed and at a price he could afford.  He would definitely purchase from here again.
Who doesn't love these tuners?  Easy to use, easy to read, and has options that I don't even use. Highly recommend this.
I've tried the Fishman FT-1 and the Tune Tech ttm-201.  I like this one the best.It seems as accurate as my other tuners.  Like all clip on tuners there are "sweet spots" on the head that work better than others.  Oddly the Snark likes different spots from the Fishman or Tune Tech.  I tested the Snark against them, my Korg tuner and my Android App tuner.  The Snark was fine.The biggest plus I see on the Snark and the reason its my new "go to" tuner on the guitar is the large bright screen.  My vision isn't so great in dim light and the clarity and brightness is wonderful.  I don't have to guess or squint.It has a metronome which can be fun.  I personally don't use it because these hearing aid batteries are a bother so I don't want to waste the energy on a metronome and not have the tuning function work when I really need it.The only minus that I can possibly see is that the clamp is pretty fierce.  I don't have a custom made Brazilian rosewood guitar where the headstock could be marked by this thing.  If you do have something expensive check this clip out first to be sure you'll trust it.  If not then the Fishman is more your speed.
Tuner works well with acoustic but not so great when your electric is not plugged in. Seem like it needs more resonant vibration to register the sound. Sometimes you just need to whack the tuner a bit, and it's okay. I also have the NS Micro, and that's a better tuner.
I bought this because I got tired of looking up by-ear tuners online. It's so darn simple to use. Just clip it on, tap the big button, and play a note. The chromatic tuner is extremely easy to read and incredibly simple, and it automatically recognizes which notes are being played and adjusts to the note as you tune up and down. It was also very cheap compared to the other box tuners. Overall this is an amazing product and I don't see a reason why I would ever want another tuner again. I've had this tuner for about a month now and it hasn't failed me yet, though sometimes it can be a little stubborn and slow with determining when a note is being played and it does have a habit of being right on the mark one time, then if you pluck the string again, it will show it's off tune by a quarter-step or so. Just make sure you tune all the strings twice, and you won't regret buying this tuner.
works right out of the box.  Easy to read, easy to use......arrived very fast inexcellent shape....just had to put the supplied battery into it
I have several different tunes, but the Snark is hands down the fastest and most sensitive. Has no trouble whatever picking up the low e-string on my Seagull acoustic, which flummoxes my Intelli 600. Having the tuner respond this quickly makes tuning go faster and easier. The only down side, and this is a matter of taste, is the garish color. You shouldn't leave these things on the headstock anyway as they can leave a mark, so the hideous color just encourages me to do the deed and put it away, which may be just as well.
i got this as a gift for the my guitar mentor and lead guitar player in my band.  i have a tuner built in to my amp i use but he has always tuned by ear which is hard to do on stage or even at rehearsal.  the display is bright and easy to see and he loves it.
A great little tuner. Very accurate, easy to use and the batteries last the better part of a year. I bought 3 or 4 of these and I put in my gig bags or cases. At these prices you can afford to clip the on to all your instruments.
These Snark tuners are ruggedly designed and really do the trick. I use the mic instead of the vibration setting though. That's my preference. But I would use no other tuner on stage. I have one on each of my guitars including my acoustic guitars. I have dozens of guitars!
Very useful for acoustic guitars, electric and bass. If you don't have a pedal board with a tuner, this is invaluable to quickly tune up. Small form factor and can be thrown into a guitar case. Good accuracy compared to my Korg pitchblack
Like the other one star reviewers -- my problem is that the head broke off. I tried to glue it back on, but it just fell apart even worse when I tried to do that. If you buy this, you really need to baby it! My advice is look for a more sturdy model!
Okay.. I used to tune my guitar online.... However, adding a $10 for this item is worth it... It is so accurate and works great so far... I saw that some people complaint that the tuner comes without a battery, but mine come with one... Probably it is because I bought it from amazon &lt; not from some sort of seller in amazon> ... Moreover, there's also a warranty for this item... For those who want to start playing a guitar like me, I strongly recommend to get this tuner!!... You won't regret!!..Owyea..
Awesome little tuner, very accurate and I can store it almost anywhere. much cheaper online too, for the price its a steal.
this tuner is awsome,it tunes very acurately and i would recommend it to any guitarist or who ever needs a tunner.
I wasn't expecting much as the price was very reasonable for a good tuner. I have to say it is one good (funny looking)clip on tuner. Many useful functions. I especially like the fact you can check intonation without changing anything. Like the capo and metronome feature. I just really like this little guy. Good job Snark.
I haven't had to change the battery on this bad boy in over two years since I've had it!  It also is bright and is very accurate.  If looking for an inexpensive tuner look no further!
The tabs broke off right out of the package (the other reviews made me aware this may happen). An easy fix with some Super Glue and for the price, who cares if I have to fix it. It is 100% accurate and very easy to use. Other than the tabs breaking it is a great little tuner for the money. Highly Recommend!!
