These guitar strings are nothing special, and based on the amazingly low price nobody should expect them to be. They work well, look good, and are fairly durable at a very low price. I was remodeling an old Behringer and all I wanted was a fresh, shiny set of new strings. For playing, they sound pretty good. Best part, in my opinion, is that they're made in America, as well as the majority of Fender products. If you want to spend the extra money, I'd stil recommend Ernie Ball over these, or perhaps simply a higher quality pair of these Fender strings. You get what you pay for. As far as shipping, Musician's Friend did a great job getting the order out quickly. I'll be ordering from Musician's Friend again.
I bought a guitar and for a while used the strings that were provided with it.  After a month of using those strings I decided to replace them since I was having trouble keeping the low E string in tune.  I put these strings on and compared to the &#34;default&#34; strings, it was almost silky and softer by comparison.I'm guessing the guitar came with steel strings and these are nickel. The sound was much nicer to my ears as well.  They were relatively inexpensive and made a great choice for replacing the strings on a new guitar.
I have tried nearly every kind of popular strings out there. I've used ernie ball, fender, prs, just all kinds. When I bought my first real fender guitar it came with fender strings and I loved them. So when I needed more strings I just got fenders. I am happy to say that I will prolly never buy different kind of strings again. They are so clean sounding and have a pure vibe to them. GREAT strings.
These are the Gold standard for all Strat type electrics, Fender or not.  I put these 150's on all of my Strats regardless of the brand.  They are durable enough to take a pounding and sound great.  I tend to play my Strats a bit rougher than my Gibson's or acoustics so these are well tested in my house.  I get a bit carried away with amp volume and tend to bend the strings a bit.  I will continue using these on all of my Strats until I find something better which I haven't yet.  I do use other strings on other types of guitars and you can see my reviews on those as well.These are bullet proof.  They take a pounding and last as long as you could expect!!!
There are something special about these strings. They ring so bright and beautiful. I absolutely love them for my fenders. I honestly don't use them on all of my fenders but they are on my tele. They're gorgeous sounding, especially when new.
Don't know what it is but I love the sound of these strings, placebo? Maybe but IMO these are the best sounding strings I've played with.
I use Fender strings and I have used many other brands as well.  I like Nickel for the reduced fret wear and the sound.  I change out my strings about monthly and if a particular guitar is being used quite a bit I can go 2 to 3 weeks for hard playing.I started using Fender strings with the Stratocaster bullet strings as they are specifically designed to fit into the tremolo bridge on the strat.  They sounded great.  I use these for my telecaster in 10 -46 (factory spec) and they are real nice too.I do not recommend using stainless steel strings on guitars because stainless strings are like using stainless steel files on your frets.  I have seen some real damage in some cases in a relatively short time period.  Stick to nickel and you will be glad you did!
We geetarists are a funny bunch: we'll change out pots and caps and pups from our axes and amps all day long, and spend a fortune doing it. But sometimes we could make more tonal difference by just spending five bucks!Case in point: pure nickel strings. Time was when that was all there was...and gee whiz, that was a time when good guitar tone ruled. Coincidence? Nope. These things just sound better, if by better you mean warmer and with a subtle feel that your fingers will convey to your brain in milliseconds. If you're used to wrapped strings, and you like to play blues or classic rock or pretty much anything but metal, these might be all you need to make your rig sound a whole lot sweeter and smoother and just more musical in general. Especially if you use tubes.Tubes and pure nickel are like Gilmour and Strats or Angus and SGs. They just fit.I'm not nuts about Fender acoustic strings, but I like their normal electric strings fine, though Ernie Ball Slinkies have been my go-tos for many years. But these Fender pure nickels are very very nice, and at 4.75, they're a real deal. Most pure nickels run nearer to ten, and these sound pretty much the same, and I don't seem to break many of 'em neither. If you're used to mixed alloy, pure nickels might seem a little "dull", but wait a bit and you'll find that the harmonics are still there when the alloys have faded. Plus the feel is just smoother and nicer under the fingertips. Try a set and see what I mean. It's subtle but it's beautiful.But the main reason I love these is for playing at VOLUME! I turned my modded Hot Rod Deluxe up to call-the-cops levels (the neighbors are getting used to it by now), louder than the drummer by a good chunk, and I got: less squealing, warmer tone by far, and full chords, triads and double stops that felt and sounded smoother and grinded with more harmonic warmth than any alloy string I've ever used. I think there's an electrical cohesion between pure nickel and good pups and tubes that is simply sublime. Check out BB's tone on the legendary Live At The Regal to hear what I mean. That's the stuff.So, if you haven't tried pure nickels, spend a buck or two more (or maybe less!) than you normally do and give these bargain-priced nickels a try. You might find that you're a convert within seconds. I know that my ears sure love them when things are really cranked up; those Zep and Jimi riffs just sound and feel so much more right with pure nickel. And digging into some Otis Rush or Billy Gibbons licks is like night and day. The bluesy stuff just begs for pure nickels.Hell of a bargain at less than five bucks.
You want a Fender to sound like one, and using these strings helps with that. I have them on a MIA Telecaster and they stay in tune and have good sustain. I'm happy with them.
I like these 9-42 Pure Nickel strings ... nice tone, work well on my Stratocaster with Fender locking tuners ... great combo, even with ghost bends, slides, and pounding with Drop D and Open G tuning.
