very nice compressor.  I leave it on all the time and it really improves my tone/sustain.  Can be fairly subtle or can provide significant squish if you want that sort of thing.  Quiet - much quieter than other compressors in this price range.  No concerns here
Fantastic pedal, especially considering the price. Prior to this pedal, I've used an MXR Dyna Comp and a TC Electronics Nova Dynamics compressor. This is low-noise compared to the MXR and simple to use. It doesn't get as &#34;squashy&#34; as other compressors, so don't plan on getting this if you want something other than a fairly transparent compressor for extra sustain and unified output.
I'm sold. I've purchased several JoYo pedals and all of them are built extremely well and perform as good as if not better than top name pedals.
Very transparent, with great sustain and a hint of &#34;dirty&#34; boost if you crank the knobs to max.Built well, sounds good and does what you'd expect.
Let me just start out by saying that I've been playing guitar for over 30 years and have owned a lot of different pedals over all this time. I still own most of these units except for this one...the JoYo compressor. My setup is a very simple one...starting with a Stratocaster to compressor, wah-wah,  super-overdrive, boost pedal, delay, then straight into the front end of a tube amp with reverb & vibrato. I don't want to get into a long blown out history of all the compressor pedals I've tried over the years but I know why you want one and how to use them. This thing simply didn't work right out of the box. While the outside of this stomp box is all metal, the inside is full of very low grade parts from China. Loose wires and bad components were everywhere on the board. I ended up sending it back for a full refund. I don't in anyway blame the seller. They took care of me without a hitch and I would buy from them again...just nothing with the name JoYo on it. If you're only buying these based on price I would say buyer beware...you get what you pay for.
No way this thing cost lest than $40.  I needed a small pedal board and didnt want to put a lot of money into pedals so I gave the Joyo pedals a try and I am pleasently surprised.  This compares to my other compression pedals I own...in a metal case???? BONUS.  I'm super happy with my Joyo pedals.
The unit I received did not work. I returned it. I like the other joyo pedals I ordered so I am going to give this one another shot.
It could use a little more on the sustain side like my mxr, but it does what it is supposed to.
Although this is a very solid feeling pedal and the output and sustain knobs worked, the attack knob (the control for how much compression you want to apply) did absolutely nothing. I even checked it in my recording software by looking at the waveforms and there was no change at all regardless of the attack setting.Perhaps my pedal was a rare defective one, but none-the-less I returned the pedal back to Amazon and will search for another compression solution for my pedal board.
This is probably the best pedal purchase I have ever made.  I'm not familiar with more expensive compressors and how they might be noticeably better, but this one sounds exactly how I would expect a compressor to work.  It just makes things sound solid.  I've watched the wave envelope it puts out using Audacity and Adobe Audition and the compression works as advertised.
Great price for a carbon copy pedal. Just buy it you wont regret it. It beats spend gobs of cash that you could spend on other things
I've had this for almost a year. While I'm no stranger to compression as far as recording and pro audio goes, I haven't used a compressor pedal since Washburn made that really janky, noisy compressor pedal in the late 80's. I have never used a Ross, so the fact that this is supposedly a clone didn't have any influence over my decision to buy the Joyo. I will say that it's not a pedal that should be reviewed the first time you use it. Sure, I love to love my gear right out of the box just like others do, but compression takes time to dial in, even if you are familiar with it. That said, I finally love this pedal and feel that I can accurately say that it has made a tremendous improvement in keeping my signal tamed when going from clean to overdrive/distortion. I bought it mainly because I play in a Rush cover band, and the harmonics at the beginning and end of Red Barchetta sounded flat and lifeless until I got the Joyo dialed in. Compression isn't the easiest effect to dial in, but once you're there, you can pretty much leave it set as long as you're using similar pickups if you happen to switch guitars. Great pedal once you get it dialed in. Take your time and you will probably be as happy with it as I am.
Everything I wanted and more. I love the joyo pedals. They are amazing and they don't break the bank, awesome
It seems to do nothing as an effect and draws power reducing the volume on your instrument as well as the amp.  Not sure if it is just a broken pedal or if it is just junk. When received the package did not appear to be damaged, but I have tried it on 3 different amps and i get the same results regardless of the amp or the instrument.
As thrilled as I have been with the Chinese-made Joyo overdrive and distortion pedals I've tried out in the recent past, I felt like the JF-10 Dyna Compressor was somewhat of a risk.  I had been using the very excellent MXR Custom Comp already, but was frustrated with its lack of external controls and versatility.  Also, it's one thing thing for Joyo to "clone" the circuitry of a distortion pedal, but could they do it accurately with an "always on" effect like compression?Well, Joyo has absolutely done it, and they've done it well enough that I'm selling my MXR.  Compressors are hard to explain, and even harder to demonstrate on a YouTube video, so let me offer my explanation of what this pedal does, and why you should give it a try for only around $40.The primary effect of compression is to "level" or normalize the output across frequencies.  Particularly with a clean signal, aggressive playing can lead to annoying volume swells.  Also, certain notes sustain, while others seem to die out too early.  Compression "smooths" over these problems and levels everything to a polished, presentable sound.The secondary effect of compression is that the pedal can sustain single notes and chords by increasing their level after they would normally die out.  In this area, the Joyo JF-10 is superior to many other compressors because it gives you "Attack" and "Sustain" knobs.  "Attack" refers to how soon the compression effect kicks after the note is struck.  Turning the knob up produces a "chicken picking" effect where the note is very clear and pronounced.  Adjusting the "Sustain" knob, obviously, increases the length of time that the note or chord continues to play at volume.  Like most compressors, there is also a "Level" control to change the volume of the compressed sound.Of the compressors you can actually find under $100 (such as the MXR Dyna Comp and BOSS CS-3 Compression Sustainer), I like this one the best.  The MXR models have a good clarity of tone, but with only two knobs, the lack of customization is a problem.  You may want high sustain or attack for playing U2-type guitar parts, but might find excess sustain too "messy" for punchy AC/DC riffs.  The Joyo allows you to make this change easily.The BOSS CS-3 is a good pedal that has controls for attack, sustain, and also tone, but the pedal produces a lot of noise, and the resulting tone sounds too digitized.  Also, a "tone" knob on a compression pedal strikes me as an admission that the pedal is CHANGING your tone, which good compression really shouldn't do.  The Joyo Dyna Compressor sounds like MY guitar and amp, it just puts some polish on the final product, and allows me to add sustain and "punch" if I see fit.  Great pedal, and amazing value!
I have a love/hate relationship with compressors. For $40.00, you can't go wrong with this one. I use it a lot on my practice rig. If you need a top notch compressor, hands down the Keeley 4 knob. I use a Keeley in my live shows. Expensive but worth it. As for this Joyo, I can't complain. It does it's job pretty good but it does color your tone some what. True bypass is nice, it's noticeable in your chain, but not to much to take it out. I love for my practice rig. Good buy if you're on a budget (all us musicians are) just don't expect to blown away by it. For $40- give it a shot, I did and don't regret it :)
