Background:I'm a gear-head, with an affection for pedals and always looking for amps that take them well.  Before my current set-up, I played a Fender Strat run through my effects into a Vox AC15.  The Vox sounded great but I had two problems: 1 - The all tube amp made me worry that my amp could crap out in the middle of a gig. 2 - At 15 watts, even though it was loud, I'd often have to crank my amp to keep up with the rest of the band, and as the tube amp increased, so did it's natural gain.  That would normally be sweet, but it would color my effects with a different tone, and often times leave me having feedback issues.Enter the Fender Frontman 212R!This thing has TONS of clean headroom, and it seems like it was built for pedals.  I can crank the amp or keep it quiet, and there is no tone changes done to my effects.  This is a benefit of a solid state amp with high wattage and lots of clean headroom.  It makes it easy to dial in your sound every time, no matter what volume you play at.Secondly, it's Fender reliable (with a 5 year warranty).  No tubes means no tube issues.  Yes, it doesn't sound as good as the Vox by itself, but that's why I have pedals.Other things worth mentioning:It's not as heavy as my Vox (all tube) amp.  I can carry this in with one hand and my guitar case with another.It's got 2x12inch speakers.  They push some serious sound, and they have some low punch too.  My Vox had a better speaker, but the 12 inch by itself would often get stressed at high volumes.  This amp puts out a wall of clean sounds that can put you down!My Vox may be a better recording amp, but this is a better gigging amp every day of the year.
I had two of these and wound up selling one because I never used it. The one I kept is currently serving as a keyboard amp for two keyboards (simultaneously): aRoland RD-300NX Digital Stage Pianoand aRoland V-combo 76 Key Stage Keyboard. I was able to do this because there are two inputs on the front of the amp. Input 1 is designed for normal sensitivity and Input 2 is designed for guitars with active pickups. Thus far I have had no problems with both boards connected at the same time, and it does not seem to matter which board is connected to which input.The sound is impressive. Exceptionally clean, and the amp provides controls to allow you to contour your sound, which helps significantly when running keyboards through it.  Moreover, the amp is loud if you choose to make it so, and even at high-gain settings it has ample headroom.If you want distortion, this is probably not the amp for you. You can switch it from clean to drive to more drive, but it is essentially still a clean sounding amp. I find this to be a plus, but I have met my share of guitarists who think otherwise.Another great feature is you can daisychain these amps using the Pre-Out on the master to the Pwr-In on the aux amp(s). You can also use these two jacks to run an effects loop. I personally have no use for those features, but I can see how they could be useful.Overall, I love the amp and wish Fender made a single 12" model because it is pretty heavy and bulky. Those are hardly significant complaints since I sometimes regret selling my second one because if something happens to the one I still have I would replace it immediately.
First I bought a FM212DSP on the recommendation of a sales guy in a store. That was my mistake. I was looking for that "Clean Fender Sound" without paying the big bucks.Well, here it is friends, in all it's glory. Tons of headroom, so clean it can squeak if you want. Tele players should fall all over this thing as a practice amp.  Young players who are not heavy metal will absolutely love this for the price. It's LOUD, it's clean, and there is a fair amount of distortion in it, although you have to coax the distortion out of it.  Add a Danelectro Distortion pedal of some sort off Amazon for distortion and you're home. I own nine amps, including Fender, Crate, and Peavey tube models, and this is cleaner. If you play C&W;, look no further. If you fingerpick, this is your amp. Electrified banjo, mandolin or violin?  This is the amp!But, if you follow the darker side, keep looking...
Try to get the version w/the black cabinet for around $300 as that's what most major music stores are charging. In any case, I was really looking more for a twin 12" speaker to pair with an amp head but those can cost as much, if not more, than this combo!The clean side of the amp is exactly that - very very clean. This amp has tons of power to spare. In your house you do not have or want to turn it up beyond 3. Can't even imagine what the 8 or 9 might be like. I have my own separate effects stomp box so I can let this amp sound like almost ANYTHING. The big plus here is that unlike with real tube amps that need to be cranked up pretty much to get the right sound, here you can have it set on 2 and still get pretty much any amp sound (I am using a ZOOM MS50G). All in all hard to beat, for practice session as well as small to mid size gigs. Only thing I miss a bit is a headphone jack.
I have been playing for 9 years.  Have owned many different guitars and amps, tube and solid state.  Currently own and use...Marshall JCM2000 DSL 100 w/1960b cabMarshall MG half-stackFender Super Champ X2 w/Carvin cabFender Frontman 212rLine 6 Spider III 120 Watt 2x10Kustom 35 Watt Combo 1x12Out of my solid state amps, this one sounds the best.  In fact, this amp sounds great, gets plenty loud, is affordable, and is not some junk brand you have never heard of.  Has a great clean tone with a lot of low end.  Reverb sounds great as well.  A little overdrive sounds good too unless you use too much, gets quite noisy and loses its clarity.  Remember, this amp is NOT for metal.  If high gain is what your after, then stay away.  If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  Also, unless your playing with a drumset, this amp is overkill as far as volume goes.  100 watts is not at all necessary for the bedroom guitarist. If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  All in all this amp was a good buy and I recommend it to anyone in the market for a solid state amp in this price range....But this wouldn't be a very good review without having some cons.  So here are mine.  These are by no means deal breakers but I find them quite annoying.POWER SWITCH IS ON THE BACK?-I find it annoying to have to reach around the back of the amp and feel for the power switch every time I turn it on.  It is especially annoying if you are like me and have limited space and stack your amps on top of each other.  With another amp sitting on top of my Frontman 212r, the power switch is even harder to get to.EFFECTS LOOP IS ON THE FRONT?-The last thing I want to see on or around my rig is messy wires everywhere.  When using the effects loop, one has to deal with looking at two more wires hanging down over the front of your amp when they could be hidden in the back.  Not the end of the world but I just don't understand why.  Why Fender why?FOOT-SWITCH JACK IS ON THE FRONT?-This one is not so bad, but just adds more messy wires to the picture.REVERB IS NOT FOOT-SWITCHABLE.-Foot-switch includes "Channel" and "Boost" buttons.  A third button for "Reverb" would have been AMAZING.CAB IS MADE OF SUPER CHEAP PARTICLE BOARD.-Not that I expected anything different in this price range, but the "wood" used is so soft, that you CANNOT pick it up by the back.  I could easily break a piece off with my bare hand if I wanted to, no exaggeration.  I know because when I first got this amp I went to pick it up and I immediately stopped myself because I could feel it about to break.---BOTTOM LINE---BUY if...-This is the best amp you can afford-This matches the sound your after-You need the 100 Watts to be loud enough for a drumset-You want the Fender name and sound without the huge price-tag.DONT BUY if...-You play metal/hard rock-This is your first amp-You only plan on playing at bedroom levels-You can afford a tube amp
