I keep one with my guitar and one at home and never had a fall. Its small enough to keep in my guitar case and cheap enough to replace if it gets lost. What more could you want?
I wanted something to keep my guitars from falling after I change guitars. I bought this because it looked pretty good and it was cheap. It has served it's purpose and I use it nearly everyday. Very happy with purchase!
Just skimming through the other reviews, I see that at least one other reviewer has complained about the same thing. Nearly every time you pick up your guitar, the rest will fall off your desk. The part that sits on the desk should've been weighted to prevent this from happening. It's a nice idea and does what it says - it keeps your guitar nice and safe from scuffs when leaned up against your desk.But considering this one REALLY annoying flaw, I wonder if I shouldn't have just payed a couple more bucks for another guitar stand instead of this rest.
If your going to use on amp get some two sided Velcro and stick on amp, or two sided tape etc.  For price its fine.  Amazon is the best.
it is ok as long as you don't bump your guitar, else boom, it hits the floor.  I don't trust it and amazon has it way over priced.  It will work if you put a nail in it to hold the holder in place.
One thing tho.  When your guitar isn't in it is prone to being hit and launching picks everywhere.  I am going to be finding picks in my files for years.  Put it up on the table when your picks are not in it.
Another excellent gadget from Planet Waves. What a great idea. Already has made my life easier. Keep a pile of Jazz IIIs in the concave pocket (shallow depression for holding stuff). I don't own any very expensive guitars, so I'm not concerned about resting their bodies on my carpet. The guitar rest simply makes your guitar more accessible, and that means... you're more apt to grab your axe and play more.When un-weighted by the guitar neck, the Rest itself is rather light and can move around easily. No big deal at all.*****************************EDIT: Just purchased another one -- an axe close at hand is an axe you will play. That's been my experience. After living with this for a few days one thing has become an annoyance: when there's no guitar holding it to the table, it's very easy to knock it off the desk. The way it is designed is such that the leverage has a see-saw effect that will have it fly a few feet across the room. Because it sticks out horizontally, just a nudge with a knee and there it goes. So if you have picks or anything sitting in the round holder area, it can be an annoyance.I do use these for my guitars, but I feel much more comfortable using a proper stand. The product is worthwhile for a quick location for setting down your axe without searching for a stand.If the product had a way of either using suction or tab to secure itself to a surface it would earn another star.
The Planet Waves Guitar Rest works for ukuleles!  I just got one, and have used it for a few days, and it's the bomb!  I can set my little ukuleles down now without fear of falling over.  This product is a rubber disc with small "arms" in a gentle curve that nestles against the edge of any surface, and you can set your instrument against it, and voila, it doesn't fall over!  Here at home, I use it on the second shelf of a bookcase, and my concert sized ukulele fits like a glove, heel on carpet, neck in Guitar Rest.I'm going to buy a couple more for my ukulele cases, because I can use them at one of my uke parties.  If one sets a tiny ukulele on the floor, for instance, to take a whizz, they're just small enough to go unseen and have someone step on them.  Here, I just find a spot near wherever I'm sitting, and it becomes my "lean" spot, and I can even set my beer can on the round part on the back!  Coaster uke/guitar holder.  It's quite immovable once it has some weight against it from the instrument.  I could carry a metal stand with me, but it wouldn't fit in my ukulele case--this Planet Waves product does.  A winner.
This is a pretty cool product. I have mine next to my computer, because I am constantly waiting on video to render, and I am constantly picking up my guitar and putting it back down; this is nice to have instead of reaching all the way to the guitar stand. It is also good to have when I am using Garage Band, and need to set the guitar down for a second. If you have a plastic chair sheet on the floor or slick vinyl flooring it won't work, the guitar wobbles and falls out; but it works great on carpet. The pick bucket is a nice touch, keeps picks from scattering all over my desk. The rubber is very grippy to my wood desk, and never moves. I would recommend this.
Maybe they included some sticky pads and I missed it? This thing is great in theory, but it gets knocked off my desk periodically when it doesn't have a guitar resting in it.It does well at its job when it's in use, i.e. it doesn't fall when there's a guitar, but I think I'll use some tape or sticky gunk to help hold in place while it's lying in wait. ;)
I bought this for my husband so he can use it around the home ( he has guitars everywhere). I am not sure he would trust it at a gig and he still uses his guitar stand for that purpose - only because it makes sense to use the most robust guitar stand you can when supporting guitars worth hundreds of dollars.  It is pretty good at staying in place though
Genius idea that I wish I thought of first. I actually super glued mine to my work desk to make it permanent, but it has plenty of grip all by itself to securely hold your guitar in place. I would definitely recommend!
It is a little light if you bump it anything that you store in the top goes everywhere when the rest falls on the floor.  As long as the guitar is on it works great.
I've had this thing for several weeks, and just now, when it fell off the table for the 100th time, I tossed it in the trash.  The whole thing is one piece of soft floppy rubber, it's not stiff enough for the part that cradles the guitar neck, and it's not heavy enough to stay put.  Even the force from the guitar neck makes it topple over.  Unless you glue this thing to the table, or something like that, it's useless, even worse than useless, it's in the way.Addendum:  I raised the rating a bit, after hearing from the distributor/manufacturer ... at least these guys listen.
I never use it so I really only wasted my money. I have rather high end guitars so placing any of them other than very securely is not a good way to go..
As the title, it works the way it's supposed to.  But I wish the rubber part that sits on the table is thicker and heavier so it won't move easily.  Nevertheless, it's a low cost way to set your guitar against the desk without scratching the back of the neck and preventing the guitar from sliding down from the desk and falling on the ground.  Just remember, use some common sense, don't expect the guitar to totally stable.
Good product! But I'd expected more robust on your structure. But it's good product! Don't have adhesive to bind on the surface.
This can work, but if you already use a guitar stand then it is a waste of money. It will work if you use your guitar next to the a table.
This was a Christmas gift from my husband.  It is such cool and easy rest for the guitar.  I took it with me to our bi weekly jam and the other musicians were considering buying some for themselves.
I think this guitar rest is pretty nice. It doesn't attach on the table very good though so  don't rely on this thing too much.
This simple rubber device works great on flat edged tables.  Table tops with a routed curved edge reduce how rubber is in contact with the table, which will effect how well it stays put.  Other then that I like it and purcheased a second one.  It is very inexpensive compared to guitar repairs.  There is also one available that looks like a guitar.
A great idea, but pure crap in terms of functionality.  if you don't have something heavy on the flat end, the rubber piece moves, and before you know it, your axe is on the ground.  I saw some pictures of putting a 12 ounce can on the flat part as a counterweight, but I'm not so hot with that idea, especially if the can is open.  The lip need to extend down longer, and *something* needs to be done on the bottom of the flat portion to stop this gadget from moving around.  If I had a permanent place to mount this, I'd gorilla glue it down, but that then defeats the beauty of this being mobile and I'll get an extra guitar stand instead.  Good idea, but it doesn't work.
There's just no way I'm going to give five stars to a piece of rubber. That's what this is. It doesn't even look quite as good as the picture, largely because the guitar picks laying on the top help a lot to dress it up. Without those picks, it's just black molded flab.The damnable thing is that this flab is actually quite useful. I bought this on a whim and cringed when I opened up the box. But for the last two weeks, it's been propping my Takemine up against a coffee table. The rubber is thick enough and non-skid enough that it keeps the guitar in place. Effortlessly. It may not be much to look at, but it works really well.The top portion that rests on a table surface is about 1/4 inch think. There's a nub in the front hat pushes up against the corner of he surface and fixes the rest in place. That's about 5/8 inch thick. The cost of materials is probably not more than 50 cents, but it's the design that sells this thing.If you can find this for less at a local shop, go for it.  I paid Amazon $6. Even at that, I consider it a good buy.
Those of us who have leaned their guitars against the front of our amps over the years, this is a handy tool that gives a little more security for our guitars.
I just can't trust it! I thought it'd be a good idea if I needed to prop my guitar up against the amp for a minute....but I just can't get myself to do it. I always end up using a little Fender portable stand. It does make a nice coaster for placing a beer on my amp.
This product is worth having if, like me, you find yourself needing a place to quickly "park" your guitar without putting it back in the guitar stand. I use it on a desk next to my chair and music stand. Works great -- only suggestion I have it to perhaps make a version with a sticky tape underside, or a way of semi-permanently attaching it the spot where you want it so it doesn't move around. I wound up using a very small wood screw to attach it to my desk so it stays fixed. Overall -- I like it.
