Ordered one of these Gig Bags for a new Les Paul - the hard shell cases are back-ordered, and I didn't want the guitar just sitting attracting dings and dust.Fits a LP Studio perfectly, has room for small items in an outer zippered pocket. Does the Job !
If you're looking for something to protect your guitar until you can afford a good hard case, this is it. For the price, it has better padding than I expected and is equipped with carrying handles and a shoulder strap with metal buckles and snaps. Good deal for the price!
As the title states, this is a lightly padded duffle bag, nothing more. If you're toating between practice with an instructor, it's okay. I purchased it for that reason...and I'm an adult, so I can be careful. This bag is useless for kids as a drop would likely result in damage. I would even go so far as to call it a glorified dust rag. It will prevent my guitar from scuffs, dings, dent & dirt, but that's it.There are better gig bags at a comprable price and the only reason I gave it two stars was becuase of the dirt cheap price.
This houses your guitar and I have a couple humidipaks  in there because I live in a northern desert. Not many frills to this bag. It does the job.
This bag is light, with two back pack straps, a pocket for accessories, excellent quality material and a good quality zipper.  If you just need something lightweight to protect your instrument this is it.
This bag fits my Epiphone Les Paul II electric guitar very well...but no room to spare.  The outside pocket is too small for sheet music, but works for small things like a tuner and short cable.  I prefer a bigger pocket, but aside from that I can't complain.  This gig bag looks really sharp, and has two shoulder straps for convenient carrying.
Good quality bag for my Epi LP. Fit like a glove, in fact I wish they were a little larger to hold some accessories.
This gigbag is a very tight fit for my Epiphone Les Paul. Their is minimal padding, so it is little more than a dust cover. I tossed it aside, and bought a Fender gigbag. The Fender is heavily padded, and gives me some serious protection.
At &lt;$20, this is a great bargain, but it is a very basic bag. It fits my Les Paul Standard snugly and has back straps for easy carrying. These are also easily removed if they bother you. This Epiphone gigbag also has a zippered pocket for accessories (holds a strap, patch cord, but not much else) and features nice looking graphics.
