This shelf is exactly what I needed, at a reasonable price. I used this on my wall-mount 4U rack to hold my modem and router near my switch. As an added bonus, it has vent holes on the bottom, which not only allow for heat dissipation, but also make really convenient ziptie tie-down locations. I'll definitely be buying more of these.
We bought this rack tray for our son's new sound rack. It is solid, and mounts easily to the front rails on the cabinet. It is a short shelf, so it only goes about half-way to the back of the rack cabinet. He uses it to hold his wireless receiver for his guitar amp, along with other miscellaneous things he keeps in the cabinet.
Best price and overall value compared to the name brands.  This product has exceeded expectation and we are intending on buying many many more!
Did a ton of research out there b4 I bought this. I can't BELIEVE that so many manufacturers are asking for hundreds for freaking sheets of bent metal! What a racket it is. If I could make one I would. This one was cheap and does the job. Dunzos.
A great deal here on Amazon, these cost a lot more a few years ago, it appears Chief bought Raxxess and is now doing the manufacturing. The shelf I received has slots all over it (instead of a bunch of screw holes), this makes it really easy to mount things. I'm ordering more of these, they are thick metal and strong enough to hold heavy gadgets.Good luck and good music to all.
It's a bent piece of metal with conveniently spaced slots and some sort of black coating...powder coat? paint? who knows? it's black.It's heavy enough that it doesn't flex unnecessarily. It has some heft to it, so if you're trying to keep your rack super light be aware of that. The coating is strong. The pre-stamped slots go sideways so that if your gear does come loose, it slips sideways and not forwards, protecting the knobs.I recently had to drill additional holes in one for a homemade piece of gear with totally random mounting hole locations, and it took a while to get through.I like it enough that I bought another one.
Very good tray to put small items. I put my KVM switch on it and other server components. I recommend it
I like.  Fits well.
