I'm using these on the mandolin. Perfect for clear loud picking. When I want a more gentle muted tone I use D'Andrea Pro 346.These are very tiny picks, much much smaller than pictured. I have very small hands so they work for me. They are not slippery which helps.
I ordered these picks in bulk to use while I was recording/producing. I absolutely love these picks and swear by them. I've been a guitarist for almost 7 years and these were the picks that I landed on years ago and stuck to. I've had years of lessons, licks and picks and these are the absolute endgame for me! Perfect grip for leads and perfect thickness for Rhythms. I'd order again if I had to.
I started playing mandolin back in September and bought a lot of different picks to try to find the type that would work best for my playing, and finally decided on the Dunlop Jazz Stubby 3.00mm picks.  Once I determined that it was the best pick for me it was an easy decision to buy a package of them so that I won't ever be without one.  Picks have a habit of disappearing just when you need them most -- buying them in bulk this way means that I'll always have them available and can even share them with others if the opportunity arises.
This pick is so good to play electric guitar! It is heavy and small, what gave us attack. Make the sound clean and bright.
I always use the 1.00mm for guitar, had to test them with bass strings... they turn out to be great!
These are the thickest picks I've ever used.  However, I am really liking them.  The tone they give seems better to my ears than anything I've tried and my speed picking has improved.
I've tried every standard pick - even bone, silver & really expensive ones. These little Dunlop stubby jazz picks are my favorite - and they're cheap! Great on guitar and also *awesome* on mandolin. They are small, which takes getting used to, though.Play with the round side for a fat tone. Play with the pointy end for a little better control with only slightly thinner tone.
I bought these thinking they were the normal sized BIG stubby picks, obviously they weren't. They're as sturdy as the BIG ones just a bit too small to be comfortable for me. I still think Amazon or whoever else could have been a bit clearer with the product information, but it's still not too bad.
