remember those little sticky gummi hand things that you used to get out of the quarter machine at the grocery store?Sticky Hands - 12 per unitThese are kinda like that, but a little thicker and shaped into blue rectangles that are approximately 1" x 2".you can stick them to any part of your drum head to dampen sound as needed. They even work on cymbals if you're looking for a quicker decay!The closer to the center (or more pads you use), the more dramatic the effect. You can also cut them to get more pieces out of them if needed. If you drop them or they end up getting too dirty to stick to anything, you can wash them in the sink with dish soap and air dry them.I've been using them for years and they work amazingly!
I really wanted to like these, but they're a frickin, lint-catching sticky frickin' mess! They went from my wife's snare back into the holder in a New York Minute, have never seen the light of day, and may have been thrown in the garbage. Save your money. We use a heavy stoneware coaster with a cork back to quieten her snare now.
These really do work well, but it is a difficult struggle to get them separated at 1st. They stick together too well and it is hard to separate them at 1st without ripping the individual pads. I found it a little easier putting them in the fridge over night, then slowly pulling them apart. I also thought about heating them a little or perhaps adding a few drops of water. However chilling them did work well enough. That aside, these will greatly improve the way any set sounds. I've been a pro drummer for over 45 years, and have used masking tape, little cloth squares tapped down, lots of different things. There work best by far and are easily moved around depending on the room you are in and the sound you want. Great stuff. Oh and check out a drum dial to add to your tuning skills. That can help and a great drum doesn't sound so good if it isn't tuned right.
I am a guitar player who bought a drum kit for people to jam on when they are at my place. I also bought a lesson book for drums, for myself. I point this out so you know &#34;who&#34; is writing the review; a rookie drummer...I did some research before buying and found most if any negative comments were along the lines of &#34;if you tune your drums properly...these aren't needed&#34;. Well, news flash, I'm not a freaking drummer or expert drum technician with years of experience. I can tune them half decent with the torque tuner I bought (Rhythm Tech RT 7350 ) but there are several drums that still had overtones or prolonged sustain that I did not like in my tiny jam room.This moongel was so simple to apply it is a crime and I just moved them around a little to get them in a position that was both out of the way and killed the resonation I wasnt liking. So what's not to like? I love it!Cost wise, Amazon was a few $$ more than the local GC but then again, it was quick and simple.I liked it so much I bought a second.
these work better than anything else I ever used to muffle drums and get out all those annoying overtones while recording, think this product came from outer space because man could not make a product so great that is so cheap that works so well.
