good pedalthese pedals are perfectunder price excellent qualityI like the sound it is very goodI have 3 pedals and the pedalboard  behringer ******thank you for this product
wow for the price u can not beat this pedal, i got this pedal to add a second guitar harmony to some of my songs wow it sounds awesome, probably the only note here is that when activate it i noticed that kinda lower the volume a little bit, i do not mind though and still give it 5 stars.
It can be an octave divider (up to two up or down)It can do parallel intervals (a la Trevor Rabin on Owner Of A Lonely Heart)It can do intelligent harmonies (just make sure your guitar is IN TUNE so it can track your playing!)It can do Digitech Whammy-esque divebombs (up or down)It can do chorus-like detuningIt can do whammy bar flutter-copiesIt's a BARGAINIt's very welcome on my pedalboardIf it's what you're looking for (it's not Lexicon, it's not TC, nor does it profess to be) and you know how to use it you really can't go wrong.Get one and have fun! Because it's not programmable I'm getting another.
I'm on my second US600 pedal, after the first one broke.  I plugged in a cheap cord into the input, and when I went to pull it out, it was stuck.  So...I applied a lot of force to pull the cord out.  When I did that, I heard something break inside the pedal, and when I went to use it again, it didn't work.I pulled the pedal apart and inspected it to see about repairs, but ended up opting to buy a new one instead.  Even though the pedal has cheap housing (which worries me a little bit), the Boss equivalent of this pedal is 3 times as much.  So since this isn't a "staple" effect in my pedal board, I'm happy to go with something cheaper for now.Pros:Cheap price- sounds greatCons:Cheap housing - may break if used a lot
I'd rather use a solo-combo pedal to save space, but I find myself shopping separate pedals to satisfy my taste!
Behringer US600 Ultra Harmonist/Shifter Pedal is pretty good.You need a little time to learn, then it will rock you.Just try it.
They said you could hook up a volume pedal to raise and lower the note you're playing up to three octaves, but I could never get that feature to work properly.From video reviews I've heard on YouTube, this Harmonizer does not even come close to the Boss version, but it costs about $100 less.  Since I am not a professional musician and I am just playing around with it, it works just fine.  And ... you get what you pay for.Addendum:  I've now owned this for a while, and discovered that it can turn my six-string Strat into a bass, by turning the balance knob all the way to the right, and my pitch on the second from bottom position.  In fact, when I record my Dean Edge bass onto the Boss Loop Station and then record my Strat on top of it using the Behringer  Ultra Shifter/Harmonist, I cannot tell any difference in tonality.I am thinking of selling my bass.  It has just become a needless expense.  Needs the neck adjusted twice a year, the strings are expensive, and it is harder to play then my Strat.
Haven't got to far into this thing yet but I do like it.  Same classic behringer plastic housing that I personally never had problems with. Definitely get some odd tone change to work with here, I'd say check your YouTube channel to hear for yourself, if not familiar with the tones.
It is the dual tone shifter I was looking for.  Variable key capability. I haven't seen much more expensive ones with these features.  A Great buy for the money.
The Behringer US600 is well-made. The high impact plastic housing should hold up well as long as it is not abused. It is sufficiently quiet in all modes and it does not seem to color the sound in the bypass mode.I purchased the US600 specifically for the &#34;Detune&#34; effect. This effect works quite well with single coil pickups going through tube amps. The effect is particularly dramatic when Outputs A & B are fed into two different amps, giving a nice room-filling stereo effect.I was pleasantly surprised by some of the other effects. The Pitch Shifter produces a very nice lower octave effect, about as good as I have heard anywhere. When using both outputs, it is possible to feed the original signal into a guitar amp and the lower octave signal into a bass amp. This makes the guitar sound HUGE!The Harmonist effect is amusing, but it has limited uses. It won't make you sound like Duane Allman and Dickey Betts playing in harmony. However, it is handy for short solos. I tried it in the key of G and got useful results.The Trem Bar would work well in loud uses like metal. The Flutter effect gives a nice Leslie effect sound.Overall I think this device offers more value than many more expensive pedals. I have seen several speak ill of it, but I'm not sure they took sufficient time to learn how to use the pedal. There is quite a learning curve on this gadget, but fulling results are obtainable if one takes time to master the device.One other observation: This is more of a studio effect than a road effect. There are many individual adjustments that need to be made in order to calibrate each effect. It would be difficult to do this with the box on the floor. I had to place it on top of my rig in order to access the control knobs and make adjustments. The only way it would work well as a floor pedal would be it the device were dedicated to only one effect (Detune, for example) while gigging.In conclusion, I debated for months whether or not to purchase this effect. I'm glad I finally decided to get it. The great sounding Detune effect alone makes it worth the price. The Octave effect from the Pitch Shifter is a nice bonus. The other effects are icing on the cake. Kudos to Behringer for building another reasonably priced effect for the home studio enthusiast and the weekend warrior!
This is an affordable copy of the Boss Harmonist pedal. I bought this mainly for the harmonist and polyphonic pitch shift feature. But was surprised by how much fun the trem bar and flutter mode was to play with.Anyway on the third day the tracking on the pedal suddenly started to have about a one second delay. And on fourth day in addition to the tracking problem, hitting certain notes caused a low pitch fluttering noise. Also the pedal just started oscillating a few times. I would have given the Behringer us600 five stars if it kept working, it tracked nice and didn't tone suck too bad.
The Seller shipped very fast and I give them 5 plus stars; this review is regarding the actual product.The Behring US600 is a basic pitch shifter, don't expect elaborate effects.Made of plastic; not as sturdy as a BOSS pedal.Goes through 9V batteries quickly, so stock up.If you use an A/C adapter, get a hum eliminator.(Curse you 60 cycle!)Also run the US600 AFTER the distortion for optimum performance.Other wise you are shifting the clean signal.Distortion, pitch shifter, chorus, then out.This pedal gives you a sweet 12-string chorus sound and that alone is worth the 45 bones. The dive bombs, reverse dive bombs, and flutter are there. Don't expect a 2 octave bottom, because it doesn't do that.You will not sound like a Thin Lizzy dual guitar lead, but you can get that Bryan May, Queensryche meets the Allman Brothers harmonies in 3rds.For those on a budget, this pedal does what it doesn't advertise.Lacks true instructions, so go to YouTube and watch demos.
Super cool pedal with tons of applications. it sounds great for recording. i wouldn't take it on a tour or anything, it is plastic. the harmonizing function can be buggy at times. the trem function works great. it has a input for an expression pedal and i would recommend using one to save your pedal the wear......it is plastic. I love Behringer pedals, for the price you can get a ton of great sounding and functioning pedals at more than half the price of the Boss counterparts. one of my favorite pedals of all time.
I use the US600 for short lead riffs, it works great in a sweetening role. It is easy to change the key manually, in point of fact, much easier than I originally thought.  It's a main-stay on my pedal board now.
