These Nandy mics are great entry level mics if you are looking not spend to much cash.  They have a long range and great sound fidelity.  If you are trying to save on your budget these are great, if money is not an option keep on looking.
works ok for the price and features it is fine. get the batteries it did not came with any. I am using it for a dj karaoke system I do recommend it.
got the mics from dealer fast .i pluged them in and they are great no feedback and great sound .they sound better than my sure mics looking forward to useing them at my next showi would tell a friend if they want set of good mics at a great price these would be the ones
This microphone works well for our needs. I purchased refurbished so, when I received the microphone, the mic piece is actually removed from the handle. It could be from shipping. I re-attached the item and added a windscreen. Now, my kids play around with it and the microphone never detached anymore.
This worked well for me from about 25 to 30 feet. Sound was good and it was easy to set up.Good for the price and no regrets.
Bought these for home karaoke and they work great. I also have a weekend DJ business and these work well professionally. Why spend more? My DJ business includes up to 4 Shure wireless mics at around $500 a piece but these inexpensive Nady's seem just about as good in sound and performance (very few drop-outs if you stay within 30 feet of the receiver). I'll probably start taking these on gigs since they are so affordable to replace if they break.
Pros:-Price point-Good, clean audio quality when working.-Changeable mesh ballsCons:-Limited upper frequency response (&#62;8kHz)-One stopped working after about half an hour of use. It was not dropped or abused in any way.-Requires nearly direct line of sight between transmitter and receiver for any distance greater than 10 feet.
For the price you can not beat these. They work great and after a year with them they are still working like the day I got them. This is a great buy.
