I have purchased about 5 of these in the past 4 years. I have found no major issues with any of them. Expect to do a small amount of fretwork, such as filing and finishing some of the fret ends, checking the frets for crowns, filing those down and polishing the frets. As with any neck, even the high dollar ones, the truss rod will likely need minor adjustment after it is strung and set up. They come unfinished but well sanded. I sand a bit extra, but one could spray it out of the box. I like to use 3 coats of amber and 6 to 9 coats of clear lacquer, satin or semi gloss. None of these are select quarter sawn wood, but they are an excellent bargain for anyone wanting to build a guitar or replace a broken neck on an instrument.
well it is worth the money in my opinion however i had to take about a quarter inch total off the sides for it to fit the pocket not that difficult really. the stripe needed to be sanded flush good thing it is not pre finished. the rod had to be  adjusted to get proper relief and the headstock is a little larger than a fender. for the price worth the small effort it took to get it rockn
Fretted Maple Fender(R) Telecaster(TM)-style Neck with Truss Rod this is one of many fender necks I have purchased from this company I have built several telecasters and fender P bass and Stratocaster bodies all so far have been great to play the quality in the wood is great. I have purchased Womack&#8217;s in the past granted there superb necks but there price is way over the top. When I must replace a neck I think for the money this isa great way to go JohnJ
I have yet to install this neck, but have purchased enough necks over the years to have a really good idea of what to expect. There is little to no evidence of corners being cut, just to start. Materials and labor all look good to great. Measuring for fit and specifications is on the money. Not having the mounting screw holes drilled is actually a plus as most &#34;econo necks&#34; seem to be off by at least 1/8.&#34; I'd rather have the trouble of drilling them from scratch than having to plug them with dowels and re-drill. Frets look good, and nut looks good. Until I can install it, I can only really vouch for 4/5 stars.Long story short is this neck looks better than many I've had that cost 2X as much, or more. Unless it has a twist or hump, it actually earns the 5th star. Even if the frets need a little cleanup, it still earns the 5th star. While some may not like the flatter radius, I'd argue that it makes it easier to get the frets in so that they aren't as much of an issue. And it is clearcoated - maybe not a nice amber finish, but most more expensive necks may have no finish at all. So again, another reason for the 5th star.
The neck is  well made . the fit ..it was press fit to my body like they were made at the same time.I did have to sand the neck a little , it had a bump in it .. the frets are a little sharp but not as bad as most ..it took some time to get so if you in a tight build time i might look at getting somthing thats made in the states !!
