This is a highly feature-full amp at this price point. I can get great clean, blues and heavy metal tones. Like most Line 6 products, some features are not highly apparent. For example, for extra gain, you can hold down the tuner button and turn the gain knob past 12 o'clock for a boost. This may not sound like much, but it really CAN change the tone, even on clean channels. On the crunch channel, for example, it gives the guitar an almost fuzz face overdriven sound (with my Strat). On the metal channels, it really drives the gain over the top.The tuner seems to work well enough and the included effects are OK. I decided to go with the cheaper FBV2 pedal (which is still over 1/3 the price of this amp!) and it really works well for home practice situations. One can switch between clean and metal, or clean and blues without too much trouble (one click). I think the pedals are too expensive personally, but they are well constructed solid steel and seem very durable. The cable is a simple cat 5 network cable I believe, so replacing should be trivial.I live in an apartment and this little 15-watt amp is WAY too loud to turn up past 1 or 2. It has a great tone balance (to my ears). It has corner protectors where even their flagship amp doesn't! Overall I recommend this amp to anyone looking for a cheaper home practice amp.
After registering the amp online (or by mail) you have access to 500+ backing tunes,with either drums or drums and bassline. You are able to select from different genres such as Rock, Blues, Country, Alternative and more. Along with this great feature, you can also take free lessons, from beginner to advanced. You can even get custom settings, giving you the sound of such great bands as Green Day, The Beatles, Led Zeppelin and many more. Along with lessons, tabs, and the ability to loop any Jam Track, Spider Online adds more than even I immagined to this awesome amp!! If you're still hesitant about buying this or any other Spider amp, just buy it. I personally guarantee your satisfaction...BUY IT!! (no seriously, are you buying it??)
Never has 15 watts sounded so loud and clear. Never think it only hadan 8 inch speaker. Just enough effects to leave your pedals at home for practices.Light weight easy to carry.
I just bought this amp for my Epiphone Goth Studio guitar, I've got it this weekend and I'm very satisfied with this product. I'm not a proffessional but this amp is really good for the price you pay as it comes with so many functions, with complete add-ons on th webpage. Solid, nice sound, very good quality to make anyone happy, except your neighbors.Now after a couple of months I want to say... this is great product in terms of sound, not so great in terms of small building detailsGreat for Blues style, just use it with clean and good reverb or crunch  and you will get amazing blues sounds.My only con and that's why I have reduced it to 4 stars is the fact that one of the corners protectors came broken and also, the Phones are not working. Better quality control at the plant can avoid this things to happen. I wrote to Line6 and I got useless answers about.
this amp really shines in the distortion modes, I don;t really care for the clean sounds but the metal tones are as good as I've ever heard out of a low cost amp. I wish I had found this amp sooner. It blows the other brands away
I've had this amp about a week now and I'm still finding cool things about it. The first thing I did was went through all the presets. I didn't like the clean channel,( it wasn't really clean) but I quickly found out how to set it like i wanted it (press the clean button then turn all the preset effects to 0 and then hold down on the clean button about three seconds until the lights blink and now it's really clean. You can also do this with all the other channels too! just set every thing like you want it and hold down the button on the channel you want and there it is. and don't worry, you can always reset it back to factory settings and start over. It's a small amp but it's bigger than I thought it would be. But the sound that comes out of that 8&#34; speaker is BIG!. I have been playing for about 30 years, and I know I could use this amp in a small club without running it into the PA. If you do need a little more volume, it has a line out so you can run it to the PA and have all the volume you want. I would buy this amp again if mine was stolen. Makes a great practice room amp. You can take it without all your pedals and still have all the effects you would need. For the price it's a bargain!
A good modeling amp. My only complaint is I didn't like the clean sounds not to my liking. Other than that an awesome amp.
I bought this amp back when i didnt know much about amps. If you want the metal sound for practice, then it is hard to get a better amp for one bill. But with the hybrid amps (Vibro Champ) going for not much more, you get better sounds and more settings. I am selling mine and ordered a Super Champ Xd used in new condition for two and a half bills. This Line 6 amp has a flat sterile sound that isnt very warm sounding. From now on its tube amps for me, even if i have to pay the price. A good tube amp should last a long time and hold its value well, too. Like i said, for a first amp at one bill, the Line 6 isnt too bad. Maybe some day i will be able to afford a Princeton Reverb?
I've had the amp for 2 months or so now and love it. It's choice of effects is thorough for a beginner like me. I don't have the greatest guitar ever but the sounds from the amp are clean and crisp. The choice of effects is nice with reverb, tremolo, delay, among other less-useful effects. The auxillary jack is also a great addition. The amp looks nice with the chrome knobs and is very simple to use.
This little amp is awesome, I once had a Peavey Bandit 112 back in the day, and this little guy can do all it could do, it just doesn't get as loud, but at least you won't have to worry about someone calling the cops on you for being too loud, but is gets just loud enough, so be careful.
