I have a solid non weight relief Les Paul Traditional that is one heavy motha and these locks keep my fat girl nice and close to me. Like these better then the bulkier Dunlops.
Best straplocks I have ever had! In almost 30 years of guitar playing, I have tried many straplocks: cheap, expensive, nickel, steel, gold... youn name it, I have tried it. These are the best, topping any other by far. More secure than all competitors, never wear out at all, locking system never fails and these always maintain their fantastic looks and for a very long time. I have them in Chrome in every guitar I own. Highly recommended. Cheers!
This is a great way to easily add or remove a strap to your guitar. If you don't enjoy dealing with a strap getting in the way when sitting and playing but don't like putting a strap on and off or if you just want more peace of mind that your guitar won't slip out of the strap while you're playing then upgrade to this system!
Besides looking cool they are for sure not going to malfunction, you have to pull up on the tab to get the strap to release. they spin nice. Good locks, I like them better then the dunlops.
For anyone who has had the experience of a strap coming off at the most inopportune time and seeing your baby go crashing to the floor only once, is enough to justify a strap lock system of some kind. I mount my guitars on the wall when they are not being used, so I wanted a strap that can be put on and taken off easily. Anyone who removes and reinstalls their strap knows that it does not take long for those eye holes to become loose. Also, I didn't want to have short &#34; strapletts&#34; dangling from my guitars while it's being displayed. So for the couple bucks they cost and 10 minutes, I get everything I wanted. Quick release and reattach of the strap, the piece of mind that it's not going to just randomly drop one day, And they come in all the standard finishes, chrome, black, gold, nickle and they do not detract from the visual artistry of the guitar while on display. I have these on all my guitars and always will. As an added bonus, once you have these on multiple guitars, you can quickly swap out straps as often as you change your underwear.
