Haven't used it yet but if it's like the other cables I have from the same company, it should work fine.
Great stereo sound out of the keyboards.My keys had a single 1/4&#34; stereo out so this cable was needed to get it to convert to a true 2 channel stereo so we could EQ it properly and it worked like a charm. I highly recommend this cable.
Another quality product from Hosa.  Just what I needed for an insert patch from my mixer to EQ.  I always like slightly longer length as I can always zip tie back but hard to stretch!  No noise from this cable!
When I ordered these I wasn't expecting a whole lot since the price was under two dollars for a nearly 10-foot cable.  It turns out the quality is quite excellent and these cables are not flimsy at all.  I plugged them into the mixer and waited to hear some static, interference or buzz to explain the low price and all I got was a nice, clean signal.  Highly recommend these to anyone with a mixer that needs an insert cable.
These are solid cables -- tight fit in receptacles, no introduction of noise, and no discernible loss of signal. Especially considering the price, these are brilliant. I was like some of the reviewers wondering if such an economical cable could be any good, but I trusted their judgment and gave these a try and so count me in among those who weren't sure but have become convinced that Hosa knows how to make a great cable, and to do so without the need to charge Monster Prices.
On my mixer, I have send/returns on the same plug using a 3 wire TRS with send on the tip, return on the ring, and a common ground.  But my effects boxes like to have separate 1/4" TR ins and outs.This is the perfect cable for just such a hookup of things like the behringer sharkBehringer Shark FBQ100 Automatic Feedback Destroyerto the 1202-vlZ3's send/returnsMackie 1202-VLZ3 12-Ch. Compact Recording/SR MixerI probably will order a second cable having seen how well the first one worked out on a send/return.
I still operate in an analog environment quite often, so I end up using lots of inserts. I have 8 channels of compression, limiter, gate and expander, plus various EQs and effects processors that need to be routed and applied to specific channels. I have an insert snake that I use as well, but the individual insert cables (of differing lengths) that I carry are lifesavers that make me a more efficient soundman during setup and a more flexible soundman during the show!
I use these in my home studio as INSERTS and they work great. No complaints.On a side note, I always clean all my cables with CAIG DeoxIT Gold G5 Spray Contact Conditioner 5 oz.and hightly recommend it to all musicians, you will hear the differnce. I also spray a q-tip and and clean all the jacks on my guitars and instruments.
When you need an audio insert cable, you need an audio insert cable.We custom manufacture insert cables for custom sound-reinforcement fixed installations.  For  mobile rigs, such as mixer cases with processing gear, it's simply not cost effective, and Hosa is our go-to brand for reliability and durability.  There are other brands, but our reputation is at stake.Hosa allows us to maintain our good reputation, while lowering our labor costs. Thanks for such a dependable product, Hosa!  Thanks for such a great price, Amazon!
