I've been using a One Spot to power a Gator small pedalboard for about 8 years now.  In that time I've done probably over 200 gigs and I've never had a problem.  Is it super quiet?  No, but when you have pedals and amps with gain and single coil pickups, there will be noise.  It's a fact of life.  I've never found it to be excessive.  Turn the volume on your guitar all the way down when you're not playing.I would recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable solution to powering their pedalboard.
What an amazing product. Multi-voltage capability for worldwide use, powering eight pedals, and very cost effective, too. If I bought eight adapters, it would cost me well over $120 USD. Even at the price it's sold at, the build quality is pro level. I'd be happy using this on a well-traveled pedalboard. At this price, you could buy two or three of these packs to power huge boards.I usually run six to seven pedals in a typical session. Not all at once, but it's nice to know that the delivery is smooth, without any drops or spikes in power level. I can crank 'em all if I want to, and go NUTS.
I use this to power a Big Muff Pi, mxr compresser, Ibanez Tube Screamer, and a Planet Waves tuner pedal. The only pedal I have that it won't power is a digitech whammy, but that was expected when I bought it.  It works great. I use the 9-volt battery adapter to power the Big Muff and it even works perfect. I get no extra hum with the 4 pedals and it only takes up one spot in my surge protector. Great little power source. I'm not sure I'd use it for professional gigs, but great for home use.
Like many guitar players, I have a few effects pedals of different brands and I needed an alternative to nine volt batteries to power them. At one of the guitar forums I frequent I started a thread about powering a TS9 Tube Screamer with a non-proprietary nine volt power supply, One Spot came back twice in the replies. Since that time I acquired a two more pedals so now I really needed something. I looked into powered pedal boards but decent boards were too expensive and too bulky me. I got creative, I ordered a One Spot Combo Pack then bought some 2" wide industrial strength Velcro and built my own board that fits in my hard-shell brief case.So far so good, after two months of band practices the One Spot 9V DC adapter with the Multi Plug daisy chain cable does what I bought it for, my little four pedal setup works beautifully. I'm perfectly happy it. The One Spot adapter is well made and the cable is ten feet long so it should be long enough to reach your stage power source. The Combo Pack also includes protective caps for the unused plugs on the Multi Plug daisy chain.If you are thinking about buying this product, do it. If you have concerns about compatibility with your pedals, here is a compatibility chart.[...]Power to the pedals, Rock On!!!!
One Spot has become the standard. It is not cheap, but it is well made and useful. With this, you get the power adapter, the extension cable (to hook up multiple stomp boxes), and a bag full of converter cables. The power adapter is smartly built so that it will only take up one slot on your surge protector or in your wall outlet.So far, I have used it successfully only to power two pedals, so I cannot speak to how it handles powering an entire pedal board. But I am sure it would do so without issue as I have seen other do it without a complaint.
So I recently purchased the Visual Sound One Spot Combo pack and I must say I am quite pleased. I was checking out some of the higher end products (T-Rex Fuel Tank, Voodoo Lab Pedal Power) and just didn't feel like forking over the money. Maybe one day if I'm going to be playing gigs on the regular and can afford to pay around $200 I'll go for one of the other products, but from what I read on the Visual One power supply I was willing to take a risk (especially for the great price)Currently I'm powering 4 Hardwire pedals, a Dunlop Wah pedal and the Berhinger CS400 (see, I'm cheap sometimes - but effectively so) So I'm already using 6 of the 8 power supply cables. All pedals are powered without issue, without noise, there is no hum or hiss or delay or negative effect WHATSOEVER! I can't say enough how excited I was to see this as a viable option for powering the pedal board I just put together, and when it came through and worked flawlessly, it was all the better. I would highly recommend this product to any beginner guitarist starting to fiddle with effects pedals, or even a moderate or novice player - It's simply a RELIABLE and affordable way to power your pedal board. 2 thumbs up and 5 stars!Rock on
This is great product if you are chaining several pedals together. Using just one wall wart you can power all of them, at least those that receive this kind of power 9v. Where it went above and beyond duty was providing a L6 converter 'CL6' for Line 6 products. I have an M-Audio Black Box which had a peculiar size plug. It was 9V 1000ma but nothing would fit. Then I tried the L6 converter and bingo I'm in business and Black Box bliss. I would recommend having it around just for that. It costs about the same as 1 odf any other kind of converter and gives you connecters for several different kinds of pedals which might just save your night when you can't find that particular adapter in the rats nest of other adapters. A pedal junkies salvation.
I like this for getting rid of all those extra adaptors you have to have a special power strip for, and it works well for most of my Ibanez, MXR and Boss pedals that have an outside adaptor socket.  It doesn't seem to work so well with my Vox wah, my old MXR Distortion Plus and my Fulltone pedals. I'm using the 9v battery adaptor for the wah and my Dist+, and I get a really weird random squealy noise from the wah (not the same one you get when the wah is not playing well with another pedal in your chain) and intermittant operating problems with the Dist+.  I get a slightly louder hum from the Fulltone pedals when they're on, but my newer Boss/Ibanez/MXR pedals have no issues at all.  The One Spot is not a regulated power supply (if it was, they'd say so), so maybe that's the culprit; not sure.
This seems like a good product. It is working well for me and the chord is super long which is great. Too long is better than too short!!
Bought this to power all my stomp boxes, wha peddle, tuner etc.  Works just fine.  In fact, bought a 2nd one that stays on my workbench for powering various items being tested or worked on.  Has all the adapters I needed.
Easy to use and only takes up one space on a power strip. Recommended.  Well worth the price of the product.
This thing is awesome. It doesn't take up a lot of room and has a tone of options for connections....and it's way cheaper than a power box
If you are using two or more pedal effects this should be on your standard equipment list  With the price of 9volt batteries you can't afford not to purchase this rig.  If you need it, there's enough wiring to have space between your pedals. But the wiring is thin enough to be able to stuff it into a crammed pedal board.  A great feature is the disconnect plug that gives you the ability to disconnect the wiring harness from the 9volt adapter  The 9volt adaptor comes with plenty of wire so you can have your pedals or board in a convenient position.
I have a very nice pedal board for my guitar rig, but not enough power for 13 pedals.  This totally solved the problem with no noise or power issues.  Very smart idea and well thought out for anyone needing a one stop solution for DC distribution.  A+!
I have 2 of these combo packs and they are simply great! I have 15 pedals connected to these 2 Visual Sound 1 Spot units on my Pedaltrain Pro, and have all the wiring underneath. Looks pretty neat along with the George L's cables that are almost invisible. The 1 Spot works wonderfully and generates no noise, hiss or buzz. Connects and powers great. No need for something fancy to effectively power up to 8 of 9V pedals with one combo pack. The adaptors work great with other than the regular AC connections like those found on MXR or Boss pedals. Highly recommended.
Im using this with five pedals and it works great. No added noise, no signal loss, and saves the cost and hassle of constantly replacing 9V batteries.Comes with a nice assortment of adapters for use with just about any brand of pedal out there.probably not the most durable power supply available, but for the price, it cant be beat.
I bought a pedal board and needed power and wires.  Bought this kit.  It is just super.  The 'One Spot' provides the power needed, the wiring is just right for the pedals I've installed.  This is a great set,....all you'll need to get your pedal train wired and running.
I' don't get any hum and it powers what I need it to. A much cheaper route than a DC Brick or a Pedal Power.
On the plus side it does the job, powers your 9V pedals and doesn't break the bank...on the down side this unit can be a bit noisy depending on which wall socket you have to plug into. Neon lighting can raise Hell with this power supply...but who ever said playing out live was gonna be easy? Best to have a noise gate handy...just in case.
Ive Been Using This Item For about 3 weeks now, and I love it. I Have a homemade pedalboard, the one spot combo is good for it cause its kept me from having to mount a power supply on the board. I power 7 pedals and Absolutely no noise distortion comes from the pedals with this hooked up, If anything it sounds better than a battery, FOR SURE.
Works like a champ.  I only have four pedals on it thus far, but I haven'te had any problems.  No noise issue, no "brown outs" because the power supply couldn't handle the load.  I still have open leads for those other pedals...(smile).  My power strip now has more space for other "toys" to make my weak playing sound better.
I'd read a lot about the One Spot power system.  I needed 220V power overseas and so I ordered this.  It is truly a very nice product and amazingly quiet.  I currently have some high end power bricks on my two larger pedal boards...I may swamp them out fo this one.  Highly Recommend it.
Love it. makes plugging in a lot of stomp boxes easy peasy. Quiet power supply, lots of cables and end caps and adapters, for what you'd pay for a single power adapter. It's nice not having to  dig out half a dozen power supplies just to set up and play. About the only thing missing would be some right angle adapters, but I'm sure you can find them somewhere.good quality, and the cord is extremely long for a dc power supply.
Quite a few people are complaining about the buzz caused/induced by this.  I'm not getting any.  I use an old Arion Stage Tuner, a Digitech Bad Monkey and CM-2 Tube Overdrive, a Dunlap Wah from the 90s, and a Boss NS-2 Noise Suppressor.  I run it all into a Fender Deville 410, which additionally runs into an Acoustic B115 Neo bass cab for extra mmmph.At first I thought it was the noise suppressor.  But even when it's off, I'm getting absolutely no buzz from my effects.For the price this is AMAZING.  To be able to have all of my effects powered with one plug is a godsend.  The cables are VERY long, maybe too long, if that's possible.  If you're even thinking about buying this, JUST BUY IT ALREADY!!!!
Granted this is no voodoo laps pedal power, or another isolated power supply, but it does provide clean, quiet daisy chain power for up to 8 pedals, and does so pretty dang great for $150+ cheaper.Is it silent? No.Is it reliable? Yes.Would I use it on stage or in the studio? Yes.Would I prefer something nicer if $$$ weren't an issue? Yes.Does this wok great on a budget, absolutely!!If you're tired of using batteries pick this thing up!If you're a super quiet signal chain snob, save an extra $150 and get the voodoo labs.
This is a very nice way to get rid of all those wall warts and batteries for your pedals. Easily powers my 6 pedals and adds no noise to the signal path. Simple, effective,works as advertised. The extra adapters are a nice touch. Get one, you'll be happy you did.
I love this product.  this will power many pedals with low milliamperage ratings.  No need for expensive large pedalboard power adapters.  For a modest rig, or on the road use, I recommend this product.
great useful product well made quite, and lots of use to view of my floor effects , works great ,, and no other noise from it , buy it .
This is now powering my entire effects board and it's doing a great job! It easily connects to a variety of different pedals with the adapters included and there's just enough wire to power everything without cluttering anything up with nests of extra wires. The value is excellent for anyone on a budget or who is tired of full power strips cluttering up their setup. I'd recommend this to any musician who uses multiple effects/instrument devices
I bought this power supply for in home use - I don't do too much gigging or recording, so this is primarily used for practicing or just messing around. The product works very well; I'm able to power 5 of my pedals easily. The cords are plenty long in length, however it is a bit difficult to chain together longer pedals with some shorter ones without the two pedals being right next to each other (i.e. having a wah pedal next to a standard size pedal). However, that is only a minor complaint and in no way effects the usability of the product. I haven't had to use any of the special adapters though, but I plan on getting a Line 6 DL-4, so having the Line 6 adapter is a great added touch. Best of all, all of your power needs for all your pedals only takes up one outlet spot in your home. I've been using this product for months now and have no complaints. You can't beat the price.
This system works good. I use it every gig now, no problems. The leads are actually a little too long, but that's a good thing.
This is great for keeping your pedal board more organized. All you need is a power conditioner and you are ready to plug in.
Versus the Godlyke, I'd say this is the better purchase. Though the Godlyke product claims 2000mA of power (2amps), this is slighlty less at 1.7mA (1700mA or 1.7amps). Anyway, if your drawing that much juice using your pedal board, you may want to re-consider what you are using. The product itself is plastic, but seems solid, I believe it will hold up to repeated use no problem. Being plastic though, you do have to be careful not to drop it or have it stepped on or rolled over, etc. I do like the fact that it does have a heavier gauge wire than the Godlyke product and seems slimmer so it will fit more readily into '1 spot' as advertised. The heavier wire means that when someone rolls in their 4x12 cab your power supply cable will have a higher chance of survival. The extender that comes with is good, seems about as generic in length and space between connections as you can get. I only wish it came with two of them. I am using a Pedaltrain Pro board and at 32.9 inches, it will require a pair of the extensions to get to all the pedals. The combo pack also includes some other adapters for those odd pedals that refuse to conform and use 1/8" power connections, some 9 volt adapters for pedals with out any external power. One thing I have not checked yet is the actual output of the supply. A lot of companies think that if their voltage is 'close' to 9 volts, thats good enough. The reality is that this is an indication of poor quality control and lack of intrest in producing a quality product. You will find some higher end devices specifically warn NOT to use anything higher than 9 volts so 9.6 volts isn't 'close enough'. Anyway, while I have not checked the output of the adapter yet, I did fire it up on all the pedals I could power with the one extension that came with and everything worked nice and quiet. It is amazing how having a good quality power source can help eliminate some buzz and other 'noise' from your signal chain. I'd buy this again and in fact I may buy another just as a back up. It is a tad pricey at thirty bucks... feels more like a twenty five dollar item given the all plastic construction but, all in all, a good buy over the competition.
It's a good ideal but the big problem I have is if Ya are using a tube Amp. ( have a 65' Twin Reverb Fender tube ) Ya get one HELL of a HUM. It's so bad I just can't use it at all. I'm not sure about a transistor Amp. but who uses those ????
Sometime round 1994, my friend Kendal built several of these for our band. They were great and incredibly handy. I havent investigated this, but i wondered later when i started seeing them marketed if he had developed the first one or not. Certainly, if he did, he never patented it or anything.Anyway, flash forward 18 years and here i was sitting with my row of stompboxes, resenting batteries and individual power supplies. I thought back fondly to my first sound combo power supply and realized i needed to invest in one again....and so i did. This one comes with some slip covers for any unused adapters. So far, it has lived up to my expectations. I cat speak to playing out with this yet, as i am mostly messing around in my little home studio, but i definitely havent heard any crackle on my recordings or when just amping up and letting loose. So, for such a simple device, you really cant beat it...unless you dont really use boxes. Personally, i presently have my wah, distortion, chorus, overdrive, delay, slap echo, and flanger running through it. Everything works great.Enjoy!
A real money saver a very smart buy ! It works perfect with my Boss pedals! I am very Happy!
This is perfect. No buzzes, no hums, no nonsense. It's just a simple to use universal power supply for pedals. Save yourself hundreds of dollars and get this. I'm so glad my friend introduced me to this product!
I was new to pedal effects, new to pedal boards, and new to the challenge of how to power it all.  I did my research and settled on Pedal Train for the board (the Mini, with case) and the One Spot for power.  This bundle--including an 8-pedal chain, a few adapters and the power supply--does it all.  In fact, it may be overkill.  I only have 5 pedals, so I have to hide/secure the rest of the chain with twist ties.  And the adapters, never used 'em.  But it is a complete kit.  If you need more than this, I don't know what to tell ya.
I once dreamed of something like this around 1979 when Guitar Player magazine had a plan to build such a thing. It has 9 volt battery adapaters so that if you have a few MXR pedals from 1979, they will work on this setup. for those who have 9 volt power adapters of the more modern kind, they fit these, too. I got all sorts of stuff plugged in; mini amp, flanger (has AC), equalizer, compressor, fuzz, wah. Love my gizmos. Say good bye to batteries. This is very affordable, too, given the high number of effects it will supply. I could find nothing better on the market for the price and features.
The One spot works very nicely for a pedal board chain.  Everything needed came with the combo, making it ready to go right out of the box.
I have this hooked up to 4 Pedals so far and it's awesome. Real cost saver on batteries. You really cant go wrong for the price.
This is a terrific product.  While the price might seem a little high for a power adapter, it actually serves the function of what you might need several other adapters and daisy chains to accomplish.The key to the OneSpot is the 1700mA output.  By comparison, the Boss PSA-120 adapter puts out 200mA.  Since most stompboxes draw between 5 and 60 mA of power, you could only reliably chain up to about 3 or 4 of them with the BOSS adapter.The combo kit is a great value because it comes with a daisy chain for up to eight pedals, and some other parts for hookups to a 9V adapter or other jacks that I don't use on my pedals.  I use it with BOSS and Ibanez pedals and it works great.  Best of all, there's no added electric "buzzing" noise, which is a problem with many budget power solutions.Also like how the cable hookups are angled instead of straight - makes much more sense for a tight pedalboard.  No more 9V's and no more hooking up multiple cables every time - one simple plug and I'm ready to play!
What makes it better is that it is a kit with most of what you need to power up to 8 pedals.  It comes with various adapters and even has rubber caps to cap of the power outlets you arent using! Powers pedals that have negative tip -like boss, maxon, ibanez, etc, etc.  Even has one reverse adapter for an oddball positive tip pedal!  Also adatper to connect your battery only pedal by connecting to the battery clip!!!One of the best features is that the power plugs are at right angles so they don't stick straight out on pedals that have side jacks...takes up less room on your pedal board.  Also the 8 plugs stretch further out than most other daisy chain cables.The other great feature is the power capacity is greater than boss..it can put out up to 1700mA...which is how it can run up to 8 pedals.A great item at a great price. No brainer solution for anyone with a few pedals or more.
This is just what I needed to get rid of three or four large AC adapters. Great little kit for anyone with a pedal floor board.
It does what it says it will, but it's still not a great pedalboard solution. The distance between the plugs is sometimes too short. Also, if you're not using ALL  the plugs, you've got a dangling end you've got to try and stash or tie off. Again it's a good item for what it does but it has inherent problems if you're pedalboard has varying distances between pedals.
Getting a proper pedal power unit (like Voodoo labs, DC brick, Ciok) is recommended. Even though this has a lot of outlets, each pedal may not receive enough power. I usually use this to power two or three pedals and most of the time it is ok. Any more than that, and you will have some loss of headroom in the pedals. May not power some pedals that have a high current draw.
Does what it says. I have multiple pedals plugged to it and it can handle them. Much cheaper then buying loads of 9v batteries.
