If you're going to use this as an insert effect into any amp, the first thing you need to do is turn off the amp model.Although I liked the presets in the MS50G, none of them worked in my rig. The first thing that I did when I brought it home was to make a different single patch for each effect. The big question is &#34;Why?&#34; especially since it's designed to handle up to 6 effects simultaneously. The answer is... I like my overdrive, distortion, and compressor, but I couldn't make up my mind on delays, choruses, flangers, fuzz... and it's always nice to have options for additional over drives and distortions.This is the 4th pedal on my board sitting behind a ModTone Lemon Squeeze Compressor, TC Electronics MOJOMOJO overdrive, and a Wampler Sovereign distortion.I give it 5 stars because it accepts pedals well and it serves so many different needs. Normally, I have it set as just a chorus pedal, but occasionally I use it as an additional overdrive or distortion. It's great to be able to plug in whatever I need and know that the sound quality is going to be great!It takes a moment to level match each patch so the transition is smooth, and at some point I may take the few remaining slots and make them combinations, but as of yet, I really haven't had the need... a great utility pedal and a must if you're just getting started on your pedal board and you're not sure of what pedal you want where. This will help you figure things out... and if you're not careful, it may find a permanent home!
It does take a little getting used to the programming aspect, but this little pedal is amazing.  I must have 20 different pedals, and I'm always torn which ones ones to bring to practice. With this pedal, it's easy...just grab and go.  Are all the sounds perfect or as good as individual analog pedals?  Probably not.  But they do the job just fine.  The thing I love the most, and this may be a little anal, but I've actually preset individual settings for each song I play with my band.  That way I can shuffle through the presets with one stomp. Some have two pedal effects, some have 6! If this broke or wore out for whatever reason, I would go right out and buy another one for sure.  Best $100 I've spent on gear.
This is an extremely versatile pedal.  I was considering getting a reverb or delay pedal, but I decided to go with this instead since it's infinitely more flexible.There are tons of effects.  Some I might not use, but there are plenty I will use.  New firmware was just released, and it adds a few extra effects.  You download the firmware and install via the USB port.I use it with a VHT special 6.  I have a Fulltone OCD after the Zoom.  It works nicely with the tube amp whether or not I turn the OCD on.  The effects sound excellent to me.  I'm now a Zoom fan.If you're lusting after a bunch of effects pedals, but only have the cash for one, this is a really good option.  At a minimum, you'll hopefully figure out the 5-10 you won't really use without having to shell out the cash for them.
If you are an electric guitar player, you know how it is ... you think you are finished with your pedal board but in a few weeks you are back at it searching for another effect ... but this means trial and error and a busy wallet ... the solution may be this Zoom MS50G ... this unit is like having 50 stompboxes to use on demand without having to change out your board ... here are some the things I like most about this pedal:1) Small footprint; same size as most single stompboxes of today2) The digital effects are very, very good .... most have an almost analog quality to them3) Ability to create and save your own patches, ordering them for stage use4) Good tuner included; I found it to be very accurate and easy to use (if you already have a tuner, then you can open up another slot!)5) Great price ... considering 50 effects, this thing costs no more than a single stompboxThe unit is pretty easy to use once you get the hang of it; however, I will say it takes some work to get a handle on everything and the manual isn't a great deal of help.  But with just a little work and resolve, you'll be dialing in some new sounds.I have been very pleased with the capabilities and the sounds from the MS50G ... Zoom has a reputation of creating quality effects units at very reasonable prices; they've done it again with this pedal ... I highly recommend it if you have one slot on your pedal board but don't know which pedal should fill it ...*one thing to note that was frustrating at first:  most of the OD's and Distortion's are preset with the levels way too high for output to a tube amp ... once you put these pedals in your own patches you can permanently save them with appropriate levels ... just be prepared to cut the levels down right away when trying out OD's and Distortions or you will likely get some very unpleasant feedback ...
Im an true analog guy. But when I grabbed this pedal I was blown away. This little thing packs a lot of serious effects for its size. A lot of which do not sound to digital. I was amazed at the tones I could pull out of it. For $99- it is a steal. I would pay twice that for what this pedal does. Easy to navigate and understand. Small enough to fit on any pedalboard. Easily hooks up to the computer to download custom patches. If you're looking for a multi effects stomp box, look no farther than the Zoom MS-50G. Well worth the $99.00. Can easily set it up for live situations. Of course you're not gonna get all the effects at a drop of a dime. But I set mine up for a few effects I use live. Works flawless. When in the studio, this is where the pedal shines. Also it can't be beat for when you're just jamming alone at home. If you're are gigging, of course this isn't going to be your go to pedal, but it does come in handy for some really nice effects. The review before mine, well they should of known this pedal isn't the greatest for live venues. That's why we have pedalboards with all our different effects we can call up with the drop of a foot. I was on the fence about this pedal for a week or so. Went to a local music store, heard and was sold. No one can touch Amazon's price and service. Get off the fence and buy this pedal. I promise you won't be sorry \m/CONS: No power supply or USB cable. Besides that, the pedal is a bargain and sounds fantastic!
