Sounds disgusting. Very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. Don't hope to take chords on it. Only on first 4 strings may be...Try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one.
I bought this because I was going on a trip and needed an amp I could pack in my suitcase that would work with a battery.I had a similar amp before that died. The Honeytone is very compact, but looks cool and is very simple to operate, with just three controls, volume, tone and gain (distortion). I found that some level of distortion is necessary to have any volume. If you try playing clean, with no distortion, you'll be underpowered. The trick is to balance the gain and volume for your instrument and situation. I tried a regular electric guitar, a lap steel guitar, a slide guitar, an acoustic-electric guitar, an acoustic-electric mandolin and a silent banjo. I thought the acoustic guitar would overwhelm this little amp, but I was surprised that it added to the projection and wasn't bad on the tone. It has a handy belt clip and a useless little leather handle (just for looks). I am using it to play an electric instrument in jamming situations where everyone else is playing acoustic, and I can adjust my volume to blend in. I think a mike with an unbalanced output (1/4&#34; phone jack) would also work in here, for street corner singing, for instance, though I haven't tried that yet as all my mikes use XLR jacks and there would be the issue of a mike stand or a lapel or headphone mike with a phone jack output, which might be hard to find.Overall, I'm very pleased with this amp and it seems sturdy and reliable so far, and at $20, a bargain.
I bought this to go with my Epiphone ukulele, for both myself and my grandson.  It's a good starter amp to see what your inexpensive ukulele or guitar sounds like with an amp.  For the price, it's good.
If you have an acoustic/electric uke, this is an ideal companion if you take the uke to friends, beach, road trip, camping, etc. It's quite small, and easy to pack into a backpack or bag. It's not a great electric amp, but it does a surprisingly good job amplifying a uke. Use a 9-volt when you need it, or buy a 9v AC adapter to plug into an outlet. You can't find a better option on a budget, when fun and convenience is more important than audiophile-quality sound.
I was rather skeptical of this little box amp, but it works great.  My acoustic gets a pretty hefty electric sound with the tone and overdrive adjustments!  Not sure how long the 9V battery will last, but the advantage of such a small box, with such a sound is worth a couple of batteries.  I have been playing on and off for the past three hours and it is just fine!  Well worth the money spent!  And it is small enough to fit right into the pocket of my guitar bag...one less thing to tote!  Looks really cool too!
I have to say this little guy packs a punch and for 20 bucks. I just needed something I could plug into that was super portable and cheap. Also this works well with an iPhone set up if you want to use some larger effects this little guy doesn't come with. Also this little guy doesn't gobble up 9volt batteries like other guitar gear tends to do. The only minor flaw is it's made out of plastic so if you need something more durable maybe get a solid state amp the plugs into a wall outlet....our buy two more of these, they are only 20 bucks.
i like it as the stars say...great for around the house playing,but  lately i noticed it does cut out on me...when you strum it shuts down somrtimes,i am not sure if it is the battery or it just does not like the song i am playing...when you turn it back on it usally works fine...some other people have made the same discovery also...but for $20...i'm going to live with it,,has a belt clip if you want to look really silly playing...i just glued it to my pelvis!!!
Fun little rig. Needed something to play electric through headphones, and this offered me that plus a mini amp when needed. The sound quality is surprisingly hot.
This portable 9volt amp is pretty loud without sacrificing tone. It's way louder than a 9volt Fender mini Twin (which actually does incorporate two speakers), however when you dial in the gain all the way you get a crunch rather than full on distortion. It comes included with a 9volt and is compatible with most negative tip power adapters (make sure its 300mA like the Planetwaves adapter for $9.00). At $20.00 this amp is a deal!
A cute little monster that's surprisingly loud and versatile. I bought primarily for travel and I'm pleased with my purchase. Don't expect too much for $20 (it's all plastic) and you should be satisfied too. The amp comes with helpful instructions showing different tone settings (fuzz, twang, etc.). I also purchased the AC adaptor since these things typically eat batteries.
In my opinion...This is the best amp in this category. I know people who have the Marshall and the Fender. I plugged into my little HoneyTone and I had the best sounding micro amp hands down. They were both amazed with the sound. They said "well mine was only $45 and "mine was only $40." Too bad so sad for them. I told them mine was $20. Since it doesn't say Marshall or Fender, I only had to pay 1/2 for a better sounding amp. If you are looking for an amp with 1 or 2 watts, and know what to expect from a micro, this amp does not disappoint
The HoneyTone is aptly named.  It has a long reputation for having excellent sound for its size. That reputation is earned.  It has double the volume of a portable amp I own that's twice its size.  The tone range is generous (from mellow to high treble).  From what I've seen and heard, the &#34;overdrive&#34; function is fairly useless in an amp this size.  It tends to go distortion to the point of garble.  My guess is specific guitars may work well with the overdrive, but I have no use for it as I prefer clear tones.  It is possible to over-volume the amp (as with any amp) so i don't max it out, but for a portable or practice amp, it works very well.  I've bought three of these now and plan to buy more.  I don't know as I'd pay $40 to $60 for it, but the Amazon price (currently around $20) makes it a great value.  I hope it's around at this price level for a long time as it's great for hobbyist projects or for box guitar amping.
