I've been recording professionally for 27 years; Music, radio commercials and television mostly. So I'll try to give you the information you need to make your purchase.I've owned and used so many mics and brands through the years I can't remember them all but I can I say I've never had a bad A-T. 4033's, 4050's and 4080's I use every week and have for years, the 4033 going back to the mid 90's and the 2020 is just a lower priced electret condenser from the A-T family. You have no idea the % of recordings that you're hearing this brand on, it's used by almost every studio on every continent, I work in the US, Italy to Scotland and can attest to this. But first let me tell you, very simply, where the negative reviewers went wrong.This is a XLR connection phantom powered mic, which is pro and best. So it requires a phantom powered XLR input, which all pro equipment provides and is standard on most home recording audio interfaces. Which you should really purchase along with this, if you haven't already, because for around $100 you'll improve your recording and playback and have a preamp and monitoring, you'll find one by searching audio interfaces. I have a RolandRoland TRI CAPTURE Audio Interfaceand a Focusrite I use just for playback in my office and den but they work well and you don't need Avid HD's to get started. Audio interface is just another name for an external sound card but will provide the proper input and gain meter. Getting your interface away from the electronically noisy computer has been SOP since the dawn of digital. I see that small USB mixers are available which would be another option. Don't try an adapter on it, it won't work, as this needs power through the cord to charge the field effect transistor, but power supplies are available and after that adapt however you want. It doesn't come with the cord, what a surprise! Quality cords will cost about half the price of this, but a $15 version will probably do for most.It doesn't come with ashock mountbut you can purchase one if you like. Work with it, you may not need one and the recorded vibrations rumbling will tell you that you do. You'll need a windscreen and a popper stopper typeShure Popper Stopper Pop Filteris the usual, but I can also recommend using 2 large $1.49 foam screens with the top cut from one as this mic is side address and you will need to cover the entire screen. This isn't about being cheap, there are times that the goosenecks are very inconvenient and don't work at strange angles and you'll probably always need one or the other.This does not come with a stand, so pick up a boom stand if you don't have one and pay no attention that the negative reviewers will tell you they tip over, 18 wheelers also tip over.RecommendedUse a sandbag or whatever on the leg opposite the mic or remove the boom and top portion and slide on a barbell weight and put it back together or create a proper counterweight where they've put a faux plastic one. If it's possible, you could mount a boom from the ceiling and run the cable on hooks, eliminating vibration from the floor while keeping the cable out the wayMicrophone Flange Male. For desktop users, here's what I'd do. Using large Command strips and Velcro I'd fasten this to the deskAdjustable Desk Microphone Standand attach thisTelescoping Mini-BoomHere's another optionMXL Mics MXL-BCD-STANDUnderstand that recording has progressed by meeting needs and experimenting, if you need something figure it out, your clean, quiet recording is proof that it works.I can't justify comparing this to my $500 to $4000 mics like it but if there is a better value buy it. $82 wouldn't have bought a case for most of my condensers. It sure beats most non electret, electrostatic DC bias or dynamic style mics. The 2020 is certainly an entry level professional mic and in many situations could be substituted for a 4033 without issue. Also individual mics have a sound, of the eight 4033's I have, I prefer 3 of them and use them the most. So when reviewers say it's bright, I say compared to what? I can tell you what it sounds like.....KA-CHING! a great sound in audio recording. Uh huh, I know of one professional recording it's on and the client was clueless that I used an $82 mic. Think about it, would this be as good as what was used 40 years ago? Have you heard good 70's recordings? Anyone purchasing equipment because it "sounds" better ought to have earned enough to slap down cash to pay for it. Lot's of reviewers have opinions about this mic so don't ignore them but ask yourself this, do they have formal training and experience with 200 different mics in many studios and are they using expensive gear from their console to their monitors to reveal its true capabilities? Any noticeable increase in sound quality might cost $400 and won't be half of what you'll achieve by improving your recording technique.This type of mic is excellent for overhead, acoustics, amps or brass and of course vocals, really most recording needs, having a less uni and more omni, cardioid directional pattern than stage mics hyper pattern it's better suited to recording. Just understand you can't get too loud near it or you'll overdrive it since it's designed for up to screaming vocals, so back off with loud amps and brass, which also means you need a quiet place for recording because it'll pick up your AC ducts and your neighbor's TV. That, is a good thing, what's bad is you trying to do good recording in a noisy environment, so don't blame a mic for your extraneous room noise. You can't just use a different microphone or noise gates or processors of any kind, just quiet, anything else is a pail on a sinking ship because this is an acoustical, rather than electronic, signal to noise ratio. A 10db pad will reduce output but doesn't affect the diaphragm and its input and acoustical foam won't help, that's not even its purpose, I suggest reading this on acoustics and foam, music.tutsplus dot com/tutorials/beginners-guide-to-acoustic-treatment--audio-1274 (just replace the [dot]). Turn off your heat/air, be careful of headphone bleed and do your recording between 3 and 5 AM, when the world's a quieter place and that will really help, you'll likely hear how loud your computer fans are. You can get underground in your basement or build blanket walls, or buy used office partitions but you need quiet, I've known acoustic players who've worn gas masks to cut the sound of their breathing. If this is what your budget allows for it's an excellent first step into recording and this type of mic and likely this brand would be my first choice for a first recording mic no matter the cost. I keep saying "this type of mic" and the reason why is because A-T sells 14 models like this style up to $3000. This model is the lowest priced but you're buying a reputable brand. If your future plans include using only one mic, without the ability to use any traditional recording hardware, you can look here.Audio-Technica AT2020 USB Condenser USB MicrophoneOr hereAudio Technica AT2020USB+ Cardioid Condenser Microphone w/Pop FilterThis is not my advice, you will also lose the higher quality playback and the supplied recording software that comes with an interface. This model is not USB.Now pay no attention to the descriptions of how it sounds, I won't tell you because how it sounds to me on my system won't apply to you and your system and that goes for all audio, descriptions are worthless, only unplugging one piece of gear for another matters. This is important, all audio equipment either accurately reproduces or doesn't, the recording cannot sound better than the source, so a microphone can only reproduce sound more or less accurate than a different microphone. Accurate or inaccurate, not good or bad, there's a difference. It's during the mix that you make it better or different from the original sound. Apply these same thoughts to your home stereo, saying instead, playback cannot sound better than the recording and that's why accuracy is important in your monitors.So search out any info you don't understand and don't expect to be a competent engineer without years of schooling, training and having worked in a professional setting. If you're lucky like I was, after 1 year of tech school I worked on site repair (studios often need PT) and apprenticed while continuing my education for the next 3, then after 3 years of work (TV) with another year of school I became a studio owner. Real recording involves a facility, equipment and techniques as involved as a surgeon in a hospital. So study electronics, acoustics, the auditory cortex, everything audio, train yourself to hear the smallest sounds all day, it never stops. When making any purchases I recommend reading and research and realize this is a tool and because you can buy a tool doesn't mean you're educated in its use. So yes, I also don't recommend buying a scalpel and trying surgery on your little brother, unless.....But everyone of us started somewhere so get some equipment and start recording, quit all that sleeping, eating and other unnecessary activities and just read and record! Just short sessions at a real studio will also open your eyes and be educational and some will allow you to just stop in and talk, I have. So keep up the research because no man knows it all and I'm just here to help you out. If you need a good, small, inexpensive stereo amp check this one out. Topping TP22 Digital Mini Amplifier
Great microphone, I use it with my cheap/budget Behringer mixer, the sound is good and if I turn up the gain it will pick up everything in the room. It is great for recording acoustic guitar and vocals, don't start layering the vocals though, it starts to sound kind of weird.
This mike is a great way to start recording at home. I use it with a small behringer mixer and garageband on my mac and just having a ball. I know its not the nice wiz bang high dollar type and maybe their are others just as good for the price. However, I find the mic being real step up from using dynamic mikes for recording at home.
great price for good mike.  I did not want to spend a lot to start.  I got a good mike at a great price ($50)
At last I got this mic after doing about a month of homework on which condenser mic to go for. If you're debating between the Blue Yeti, Snowball, Samson C01U, and this mic, there are plenty of reviews on youtube and google. At2020 was the most common one that people liked regarding affordability and sound quality.
Microphone is quite good for such price. The sound is clear but still quite far from first class microphones. Recommend for small budget studios.
Whatever good things you've heard about the at2020 is probably true! Well.. unless if you've heard it will sprout wings and save you if you falling from the sky... but it sounds great when your recording songs! Haha! I record with fl studio and it's even great so far! I recommend you get this!!
Love it...nice mic to record acoustical instruments... 13 more words?.... word word word word word word word word word word...
This was exactly what I needed for the price range I could afford in a crunch.  My old mic just wasn't cutting it going into my computers USB audio interface.There are nice changes in sound texture from different angles.  It is really sensitive to pop and breath so a pop filter is critical for vocals.  It is recording my guitar beautifully.I've even been able to record nice quick tracks for copyright recordings of both my voice and guitar.  I've set the stand low and angled the mic towards the guitars sound hole (slightly back) and sing into the top at about 45 degrees and back a little.  I found a quick comfortable balance and the result is warm and clean.I'm very happy with this unit (price considered but I'd have to pay a LOT more to improved on it).  I'll probably get another one.  I kind of wish I'd have bought that combo kit.
I use this at home for rough tracks and have also used it at work for voice over. Its worked great. Very happy with it. Its not a $2000 quality mic but it its a good mic for the money. Some of the tone can be a little tricky sometimes, but for the price its expected to not have it sound like butter.
I bought this as a gift for a friend he was really happy with it but, I have a completely different view. The AT2020 is a pretty bright mic which sounds good at first but once you layer tracks on top of each other it can sound very harsh. Second it is not a true large diaphragm condenser. It is a very good mic for people starting out in music or just using it for podcasts, but there are a bunch of better mics near this price. Two that come to mind are the MXL V67g and Studio projects B1 (stay away from the studio projects C1) both exceptional microphones for the price. Although there is one mic you that is a bit more expensive but is absolutely amazing, the MXL 2003a. A lot of people have claimed the studio projects C1 sounds like the Neumann u87 it doesn't, the MXL 2003a however sounds very similar and is easily the best LDC mic under $500. With that being said the AT2020 is not a bad microphone but it is not great, to people who have just used built in mics on there computer or camera this will blow them away but as time goes on they will learn the limitations of this microphone.Although to be fair I have a lot of experience in pro audio and production, so I maybe a bit overly critical. One thing is for sure though; there are definitely better mics in or near this price range.
Works exceedingly well for any use. Whether dubbing audio, recording instruments, or just yelling at the top of your lungs. No issues and pretty sure I will never have any.
