This pad is great for midi VSTi's, Drums, Queuing, and it's got great action! Works great with Ableton, Reason, FL Studio, Cantabile Performer and a whole bunch more DAWs and hosts.The software is a little lame and doesn't always work properly... but you don't really need it that much anyways... so it's whatever..
After online research, I decided to buy (and found locally) this midi pad to use in Reason 4. Although not confirmed (online) as working with Reason, I was happy to see it worked immediately with no problems. My CPU is Windows 7, but it worked on my MSI netbook also. This unit also worked in Ableton Live (as stated online). I would recommend this pad to anyone looking for an affordable midi drum pad that works in many music programs.
I own a Native Instruments Maschine Mikro...but find myself using this even more often. You can program it to whatever MIDI values you want. The pads themselves are as solid as devices several times more expensive.
I share most of the same sentiments.The pads are a little stiff, but this works, does the job and is such a small package!Fit's in my Macbook bag -
I love the pads and the knobs. I used it with Live 8. The software side requires a bit of configuration to work with some software, but ultimately was stable and functional EXCEPT...With my laptop, the USB power supply must be noisy, because the LPD8 will lose its connection and power if you even gently touch one of the cables--however, it works fine if I use a (very cheap!) powered USB hub in between. I suspect that it does not contain adequate filtering for the power supply. So it may not work in some configurations.Lose a star, because I really love it but in my configuration I am not willing to add a gratuitous USB hub and another wall wart to my road rig. Nice try, akai.[Updated update! 12 jan 013]I have tried a different LPD8 to compare--it does not have the problem! On the systems where my old LPD8 would be flaky, the new LPD8 is rock solid. It appears that I have a broken one with an intermittent problem. If yours has this problem, send it back while it's still in warranty.So that's nice. Now it's really a great product that I can, um, sort of recommend to everyone. However, considering that AKAI "professional" has us doing their QC for them, I'd suggest saving the shipping box in case you need to return it for an exchange...at least for a few weeks.
