Do you like to shift your booty around on the seat?  You can't with this!  It's too narrow at 17 inches.  I am going with a wider one.  (other than that is seems decent)Updated March 4th, 2014: I ordered the On Stage KT7800 and have had it for several weeks now.  I am much happier with it, and it is easier to adjust.  The first one I ordered was defective and I had to send it back, butt now I am good to go.
I ordered this bench for last Christmas (2005). I'm satisfied so far. Good value for money.The seat is generously padded and is 2.5 inches thick. Padding material is not too soft, and that is good in my opinion.All-steel frame construction feels sturdy.Contrary to one of the reviews, my bench came with height adjustment (it is not on-the-fly kind of thing, though). Each of the legs has 3 holes (low, middle, high). A fixing bolt goes through one of the holes for both of the legs, and the bolt becomes the crossing point of "X". Three positions roughly correspond to 18, 19 and 20 inches.For changing height, all you have to do is to loosen and remove the fixing bolt, insert it into whichever hole you like and then tighten it. Don't worry, you don't need any tool to do the job,  thanks to a large plastic knob. See the picture and you'll understand how it works.Mine initially came with middle position. I also tried high and low, but set it back to middle. It seems to be a good compromise for my family, as the bench is used daily by me, my wife and my kids. Sure it's nicer if you can change the height quickly and easily. However, with this price, I wouldn't complain at all.
This is perfect for our digital piano.  We love it.  Easy assembly.  I would recommend this to anyone.
This bench is well constructed and comfortable to sit on for extended periods. My only complaint is that I wish it had  just a little more height adjustment- maybe 1 inch. Overall, it is well suited for most unless you are tall or a small child.
Pretty straight forward bench. I was surprised at how comfy it was at the price. Good height, comfortable, Id buy it again, no questions asked.
First, I would be extremely wary of the durability of any piano bench for under $50. Second, as a professional piano player I have never found a use for a traveling "bench" or "stool." Think about it: you've got a heavy keyboard to haul plus an amp plus a keyboard stand and maybe a music stand, electric light and music, perhaps even a storage case for the cables, adapters, extra fuses, batteries, tuners, sometimes an extra keyboard or two, or a couple of tone generators with MIDI cables, or, if you still pack a Rhodes, spare tines and a pair of wire cutters--and you're going to add a bench (!) to your weekly moving equipment caravan?In 90% of the locations that I've worked, I'm able to locate a plain chair without arms (usually the kitchen crew knows where the house spartan chair can be found). Not only does it reduce by one the paraphernalia, but it helps protect against the body structure problems to which piano players, especially, are prone over the course of thousands of hours of slouching, subjecting finger joints to unhealthy amounts of pressure, too caught up in chords and scales and retrieving half-remembered melodies to register the physical-neurological effects until after the job.  I've always envied the lounge act players who can stand while playing--far better for the entire musculature configuration of the human anatomy (not to mention prostate). In fact, if the club or restaurant has a regular piano bench or one of those padded, rising and lowering black Steinway cushions, try to replace it with a plain chair without arms. Especially if you're doing 4-hour gigs, sometimes two in the same day, you'll notice the difference short and long term.Bottom line, your back needs more pampering than your bottom, which is why you need a seat with a back. Only concert artists like Horowitz and Rubenstein could get away with those cushy Steinway stools--30 minutes to complete the concerto and be done with it (actually most of the stress was gone upon completion of the cadenza of the first movement). Some of us aren't that lucky--or gifted--or smart.
