Its easy to set up and use. Simple instructions are on a sticker on the bottom of it. I re soak it easy 2-3 weeks or so. Can't tell if it's truly working on my maple wood ukulele.
I have been using Hercos for for many years. They are simple to use and offer my banjos good humidification.  I place a Herco in the neck section of the case and another in the section where the head sits.For guitars I place a Herco near the peg head and a stringed instrument humidifier that slips between the strings in the other. Great insurance against damage to instruments owing to dryness.
I like these humidifiers.  Works if you keep it with instrument in your case, and upkeep is minimal.  Work on all strings very well, but be careful, easy to fall out of case, so just be careful!
Stuck one in my guitar case to keep it just the right humidity. A must have for us dry Californians.
It doesn't seem to work. I think maybe mine was damaged or something because it doesn't seem to absorb any water.
I was taking lessons from a very qualified instructor and he mentioned that I need a humidifier for my guitar. At first I was not sure what I was looking for. I found the product without too much difficulty. I had learned from my instructor that these are small, placed on the hole of the guitar, and was definitely needed to keep the guitar in good playing condition. I started looking through the computer pages and settled on the Herco Guitar Humidifier because of the recommendations of thew product. Now I feel I made a wise choice and will be able to keep my quitar playing good vibrations, and good music!
Herco is a Jim Dunlop company and this little humidifier was suggested to me through someone who has used them for awhile. Dunlop is a trusted brand in guitar maintenance for the most part. I wanted to stay away from the typical humidifiers due to their tendencies to leak and stain the guitar wood. I have used this for a few weeks now and it still remians moist. The product came fast and the instructions are straight forward. I may order another if this one performs well.
I used to use the Martin tube thing that you stick between the strings.  But it was a bit of a pain.  You had to soak it, then drain it, then wipe it.  Even then, I worried about it dripping on the inside of the guitar.  This is much easier and the guitar sounds great.  Highly recommended.
