this real leather strap is nice the price is Evan better the only thing I should warm if your a extra large person or you have a beer belly then this strap will not fit you
For the price it is mostly comfortable and of sturdy build.  It matches my Epiphone Sheraton II well although it doesn't &#34;twist&#34; easily (my neck strap pin is on the backside of the guitar).
This is, for the price I paid for it here on Amazon (far less than what it is currently selling for) a very good buy.  At the current price of almost 30 bucks, I would pass or look at other options but that is just me.  The leather is attractive, thick enough, soft enough for the price, and I found the length to be more than long enough for me personally.  I almost have it on the shortest possible setting and there is far more room to let out.  Only really tall people, big people, or "low players" will be disappointed perhaps.  I only have a few very MINOR complaints and of course my complaints are subjective so YMMV.  One, the back side of the strap is not black.  It's a blue/grey color and I didn't realize that.  You can see a tiny bit of the greyish color in the photo but not enough to really get an idea of what the backside looks like.  I assumed incorrectly that both sides were black.  Two, the embossed design is a little feminine for my tastes.  All that said, it is nice and some will love it.  Quality at the right price.  Easy to adjust.  Looks like it will last.  Solid four stars despite me personal opinion.
I purchased one of these a few weeks back and loved it so much that I just had to order another one.  If you want comfort, styple, at a good price, I highly recommend these guitar straps.
I don't like these too much. The back side will shed for a while before settling down. The leather is rather soft. I've purchased other similar straps that work better and feel more comfortable. This particular one is just ok.
Would not say it is the best feeling strap but does look very nice.. It is a little stiff feeling compared to the others I have purchased but overall it is very nice.
The material used is fine.  The looks are fine.  The length is horrible.  This is too short for most adults that play guitar.  It felt like I was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders.  I attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what I could use.  To me this was a worthless purchase.  I just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again.
