I'm happy with this.  Used it to replace the blown speaker from a 30 yr. old 60W Roland Cube Amp (a bass player used the amp and I think it was too much for the speaker -- next time I'll use the PA for the bass player).  Much better sound, perfect fit, etc. Keep in mind this is for a very clean sound and this speaker was recommended for its clean and somewhat smokey-type sound.  I believe it has those.  Using this for jazz applications and having the Roland around as a second amp.
Replaced a stock fender speaker in a modified Mustang Lead II cabinet that I now use connected to a Hughes and Kettner amp.  This speaker dramatically improved the sound of the cabinet, and sounded good using the Mustang II amp as well.  This speaker seems to take some of the sizzle and shrill off the high-end to make a nice even sound.  I'm quite pleased with this speaker.
I built a custom cabinet and installed this baby.  Boy does it crank.  I've tried a couple different heads and they all sound great.  I play mostly clean and this speaker makes the tube tones shine.
This speaker has a very clear full range sound. I have it in a '63 Brown Deluxe and am very good with it. .In a way it reminds me a bit of a JBL with the smooth depth and clarity. If I want a little Ray Charles raspcan get it from the amp and not speaker with pick attack. Cool speaker and nice addition.
Against most educated and experienced advice from many blogs I installed one of these in my 1972 Twin Reverb 100 watt. The original speakers are too Hi-Fi sounding for me.They hurt my ears, so clean. This speaker has all the range and a little bonus sizzle to boot, but in a round, full, musical way. Again to those who may like to tread in my ill advised path, these are 50 watt speakers, the Twin Reverb is 100 watts. Right now I have the CR and one original speaker running in my TR. I'll get another CR if this one holds up okay. But I'm in a band that plays small rooms a lot so I dont crank it past 4-5 very often. I'll post an update if this speaker fails. But at least on an initial run, I'm glad I bought it.Rock And Roll Forever!
The Eminence Patriot Cannabis Rex is probably the smoothest sounding guitar speaker I've ever heard.  Period.This does not mean that it's dull sounding or muffled at least, not if you hearing is still good.  I hesitated quite a bit before I decided to buy it and install it in my Fender Mustang II but my worries were for naught. Incredibly, it tamed the icepick highs without losing the shimmer and clarity of my clean sounds.  Yet, for overdrive sounds, there is very little fuzziness - just a big full and FAT sound that's articulate without being buzzy.  If you play metal you'll probably hate this speaker but if you like bluesy, classic rock and jazzy sounds, this is a speaker to seriously consider.  I turned my Mustang II into an open back combo and the Cannabis Rex gave the amp the low end extension that it needed.  I had to turn the treble control up a bit more but unlike most amps, it never got shrill or piercing, just buttery smooth and clear. It's also much more efficient than the stock speaker at 102db@1W/1M.I don't know how Eminence did it but I love it!
To me, the stock 12" speaker that came with my Fender Blues Deluxe Reissue sounded too brittle. Even if I messed with the presence and EQ knobs it just always accentuated the highs too much for me. I had read reviews on this speaker and decided to pull the trigger and get one. I haven't regretted the purchase.I was hoping the improvement would be the same as when I put a 10" Ragin Cagin in my Fender Super Champ XD. Wasn't the case. It DID, however, fix the problem I purchased the speaker for. My Blues Deluxe now sounds warmer to me and doesn't have that accentuated high-end that it did before. All in all it was a good upgrade and I'd do it again.~Slick
