I have a gibson les paul that I bought used. When it arrived the fretboard was in good shape, but very dry. I first tried lemon oil and it would work, but in about a week the fretboard would feel dry and have an ashy color to it (its rosewood). So I started looking for another solution and found the Gerlitz Guitar honey.I ordered it and applied it.  A few hours later I restrung my guitar and started playing and didn't care for the way the fretboard felt. I think it is because the guitar honey is a little thicker than lemon oil and it felt a little slimy because it wasn't completely dry. I decided to give it another 24 hours.The next day the guitar neck looked and played great. It is a darker color than any of my untreated rosewood fretboards and plays like a champ. Bends and slides are smoother than ever.Great product and one that I will continue to use. If you need a quick treatment before a gig or something, I would recommend lemon oil because it dries quickly. But I would use this in every other regular maintenance situation.
This treatment, after I let it soak in for 24 hours, made my fingerboard look great and play fast. A little goes a long way!
As I mentioned in my review about guitar polish (already forgot what kind), I'm not really a guitar polish connoisseur, but this makes my fingerboards feel real good.  It got rid of that scratchy feeling when I bent strings, dissolved the crud, and makes the fretboard look just lovely.  It probably works as a fine hand conditioner too, but who can say.  Again, because I'm rather slack on the guitar maintenance thing, this bottle will also last me years.
I used this on the fretboards of my electrics and acoustics. It was easy to clean and left the wood feeling soft and polished without that slick feeling that other oils do. Highly recommended
Works as advertised.  Makes the fretboard look and feel nice! I imagine this stuff will last for quite a long time as well since you only really use this when you're changing your strings.
I use this on the fretboard of my new Hohner wc03 Parlor and two Epiphone AJ220sce Acoustics. They had mimimal oil/stain from the factory.  Keeps the wood smooth and beautiful for much longer than a few weeks.  I use it every other time I restring my guitars, It is a really good product, I use it on all of my guitars, except my Strat that has a maple neck..
I bought this to use on an older acoustic guitar neck which was a bit faded and after 2 uses, the wood looks great again. I used the honey twice in 2 days and brought back the maple wood to like new condition.This honey works fast and well and will make playing the fingerboard alot easier. I saw this in my local shop for the same price minus shipping after I bought this, but I do not use it much so it should last a long time.
I bought a guitar that had been sitting in a guys closet for the longest time, and the fret board was so dry and colorless. I used this, and the color became rich and less dry. If your fret board is pretty dry, DO NOT remove the oil. Let it sit overnight and then remove it with a towel. Leave it longer depending on how dry the fret board is. I love this because it doesn't leave an oily residue and it doesn't have a smell that stands out. I didn't even notice a smell. I definitely would say this is a must-have.
I requested this for Christmas in 2011 and was pleased to get it. I've used it on at least 7 guitars and it works great. First I used it to treat clean fingerboards that were in good shape and it worked well. It can even make a big improvement to the dry, porous surface of a cheap fretboard, and good rosewood fingerboards love the stuff.Later on I got some used guitars and used cleaned the gunky fingerboards with Guitar Honey (apply it, scrub with toothbrush, wipe with paper towel, repeat) and it did a lot better than I expected at removing the yucky buildup next to the frets.I like to apply it fairly heavily and lay the guitar down with the fingerboard level and facing up, and give it time to soak in. You will notice that some areas soak it more than others. I move it around on the fretboard so it soaks in evenly. Then wipe off the excess with a paper towel and you're ready to go.When I wipe down the strings after playing the first time or two after treating with Guitar Honey, the rag shows dark lines where the Guitar Honey cleaned the strings. I like making my strings last longer!Get some. I don't think you'll regret it.
I have a lot of high end instruments, and I live in New England so proper fretboard care is a must - especially with ebony and other woods that are prone to cracking and drying.This stuff is fantastic - MUCH better than lemon oil, dries a lot cleaner and doesn't leave any oily residue on the board at all. An hour after it's applied it sets up and doesn't get on your hands. I apply it on occasion with the strings on (I use Elixirs) and have never once had a problem.The best few bucks you'll spend on guitar care. 5 Stars.
This stuff is great. Leaves board clean and fast. No residue, no sticky and no oil film. Price is right. If you use any fingerboard treatment, try this one...
