These Martin strings (M170) aren't bad. They just are not the sound I was looking for. I ended up like the Ernie Ball Earthwood extra light instead. The Martin's are little shallow on the low end unlike the Ernie Ball. Other people will love them though. They are easy to play.
These are good for the average guitar player who doesn't want to much strain or pain on there fingers. Not the fullest tone, but you wouldn't expect that with extra light strings.
I have an electro acoustic Martin (second hand but without a scratch). I got it with .13 strings and well, is simply too much. Is good to play rithyms but can't do pretty much nothing else.I have installed a set (I got 8) and it sounds really good. Not as solid as the .13 but now i have more range to do solos and go up and down much easier.Recomended
Martin makes great sounding strings.  I decided to use Light Martin strings (.12) because they sounded louder and better, and I could play them just as easy as the lighter strings.
Strings are not just strings. Guitar strings are another very important part of playing GREAT Guitar. And all Martin products are second to none.
I replaced a set of strings that were very used with these Martins.  They are, as named, very light.  They are easy on my fingers and give great tone.  Quality company, great strings, great price!
I ordered a couple sets of this strings so I would have some extras for myself and my 6 year old son who is just starting out on guitar. this strings have good sound and hold a tune well. the best thing is the price is great. Like I said I am usinging these on mine and my sons guitar and my son was breaking string from playing to hard, but with these string it does not break the bank to replace them as needed.
The name Martin says it all & has for many,many years.Grab some extras because you will want more, Great price,great strings.
I love these strings, and use them for all of my acoustic playing. Best of all, I can find them here for $3.49 per set, so I'm not dumping a bunch of money on strings all the time. Easy to play, and they sound great.long lasting if you take care of them by wiping them down every time.
these strings provide a warm crisp tone that makes any dreadnought guitar sound like heaven I use them all the time
Good strings with good sound.The Extra Light is easier on the fingers - but they sound thinner too.Go for the Light gauges for more solid sound if you can handle the pressure.
