A good solid piece of equipment! It sounds as good as it looks and it is absolutely beautiful! The description listed slight wear marks on the back, but I had to really look hard to find it (one). It came as well packed as a brand-new guitar and looks like one!
Tone control didn't work so it was returned.  But it was pretty nice even though I felt the fret-board quality is higher on my 900 Gibson Les Paul but what can you expect.  If I had to order it again I would pay 140 more and get the SG 400 which has the quality pickups.  The sound is let's say... average.  Good beginner guitar, or a guitar that can be upgraded with new pickups.  The bolt-in neck didn't bother me but the SG 400 doesn't have that which is another reason I would step up next time.  Shape is ok.  Purely subjective.  I like the solid Les Paul shape now a little better since it's more conservative.  But the size is good and almost more comfortable than the Les Paul style.  Can't believe they can make a good guitar like this for only 160 bucks.  Also, even though I was tempted with the faded finish, the glossy finish is really nice.  This guitar will make a player proud.
For the money you can't find a better deal.  I am currently overseas and didn't want to bring my good guitar along.  This is a great playing guitar for the money, comes packaged extremely well and high quality all around for the price.
I bought this at Guitar Center and now wish that I hadn't.  The reason I said this is that I would have rather saved the taxes, but oh well. Now on to the guitar itself.....This was the second of my three Epiphone guitars and for someone who isn't a professional musician, I still want to sound like one.  The sound from this SG is true to its big brother from Gibson. Awesome crunch and great sustainability.  I can take or leave the kill pot.  The electronics, mainly the switch could use some replacing.  I'm not complaining, I just noticed some extra noise when switching pickups..  For $169, you can't expect to have the top of the line.To sum it up, I love this guitar.  I keep in E flat tuning and it stays.  To me, a guitar with this sound and crunch deserves to drop it's tuning a little.
i love this thing!!!  action is perfect,  great sound,  good feel, easy to play i highly recomend this
