Well, i have another Strap that looks like this one, but i can tell you that this is cheaper on the materials. Anyway, it does what is supposed to do and i'm happy with it, i wasn't looking for anything expensive, but this works really good... If you want something to just practice with this is what  you should get. I recommend it!
Hands down, in my opinion these are by far the best guitar straps you can get. I have a few of planet waves different designs for these, all on my electrics. I have an acoustic-electric Ibanez but the strap wouldn't fit, however the strap wasn't purchased for the acoustic - I was just trying it on all of my different guitars for reviewers sake.If you're considering buying this, just do it.
I bought one of these in the beginning - just to have something - as this is better than having nothing at all - but it's certainly nothing special. The material and the skinny width was uncomfortable for me and exacerbated my neck pain, so I only used it for a very short time.On the other hand, if you have a nice guitar that you really take great care of, then you'll probably want to invest in a much nicer strap at some point. I upgraded to a really nice 3&#34; wide black leather Levy's guitar strap - which is five stars all the way.If you're a newbie and don't have a strap, and are on a tight budget and need something, then this Planet waves strap will probably work for you - till you can upgrade to something nicer and more comfortable to wear. Just my 2 cents.
I typically use dimarzio cliplocks on all my basses and electric guitars. they work very well for my needs.  however, I bought a junker bass for outdoor gigs and to play at places where i don't care what happens to the gear.  This strap is perfect for those needs. A nice nylon and the lock works wellBUTthe locking portion might be a little thick for some strap buttons. It works on the bass i use it on, but not my Gibson SG, so be aware. I would buy more of these if i needed a cheap strap.
I like this almost as well as the Ernie Ball alternative I've been using for 20+ years with Shaler strap locks.These work the same bu the ends are styled a little differently. You may or may not love the details but they work just fine and to me are extremely comfortable.
I only recently started playing the guitar, and as a beginner, I wanted to get a less expensive strap to go with my less expensive guitar.This one came at a great price and it's sturdy enough for me, so I think this is very decent strap for the price I paid for it.  It's quite comfortable to wear and adjusts very easily.
This strap replaces another one just like it which I use with an acoustic guitar for giving lessons.  For stage I like something heavier.  Good quality.  The holes work with my strap buttons okay.  My lower button is an output jack for an after-market pickup which is wider than a normal strap button.  But this strap works okay with it.  It just takes a little more force to get it on which I'm sure will go away over time with use.  Great price for a simple strap at around $5.
I bought this during the Black Friday sale. The price was right, since if I was dissatisfied then I wouldn't be out that much money.Quality product. Well worth the purchase. I would recommend this.
Material is similar to my messenger bag's strap. Reasonably comfortable, but I don't want it cutting into my neck. Does not go short enough for one of my smaller ukes, a rubber band or spare capo is enough to fix that.
Bought this with my first guitar just to have anything to hang it from. It does the job. Nothing at all fancy about this strap. Two faux leather ends, some nylon web and a triglide. Will do the job until you find the one of your dreams.
If all you're looking for is an inexpensive way to hang your guitar, until you can afford a good quality leather strap, this is it. The quality and function of the strap is actually better than I expected, for the amount paid.
I got two of these but wish I had got better ones. Using them on the Black thinline and the Washburn classical.
Bought this for one of my cheaper guitars and it does the job.  It adjusts easily and doesn't look bad either
My experience with these straps has been great.  The polyester material is sturdy and comfortable, the leather post binding is sturdy and easy to use.  The straps have PET/ABS buckles and are easily adjusted.  I've not experienced any issues with the buckles breaking.Note: It is possible that this material can become brittle if stored in high heat (a car trunk or in sunlight within a hot car), but that problem isn't a manufacturing defect so much as a material deficit.For the price, the functionality is excellent.  If you are looking for a product for an everyday use guitar, with little investment or maintenance, this is it.
I have this on a green guitar with a green pickguard and black hardware. I think it looks great and I wish I could upload pictures!
very comfortable, lightweight, strong. Good stitching, leather ends and adjustable for short or tall. Affordable and comes in many colors.
Works perfectly for me, it does got a nice made.Plus nothing could beat its price, so, get it!
I have a Taylor 710ce and this strap had to be forced over the top connection near the neck of the guitar. Rather than ruin the finish of the guitar I just got a different strap. Plus the nylon slips very easy which is not a plus for me since I had to keep correcting the position of the guitar to where I liked it to play. If the nylon is not a problem for you and the ends fit over your guitar this strap is very well made.
Good basic strap.  It's not fancy, but it doesn't need to be.  By being just plain black, it tends not to detract from the good looks of the five string bass it's used on.
I was a little skeptical having used other strap lock systems. But I took a chance & this works well on my LP! The strap lock was well thought out and seems to have no weak spots. I really like it!
get strap for the price, does what it is supposed to do and is comfortable too. glad i purchased it
i like this very much,because i can't love a polypropylene guitar strap,,,if you have a neck and a guitar,then you are in business!!! (you really can't ask more than that from a strap) it feels fine,and if you have a bedazzler you can write your name on it...me, not so much,i'll just leave it hang!!!
I bought this strap for a ESP EC-1000 Les Paul style guitar.  I was a little apprehensive before ordering considering the cheap price. When I got the strap I was impressed. The locks work perfectly and fits my guitar. The back of the buckles are covered with foam so that they don't harm the finish on your guitar. Locks are solid and ratchet closed with a release button to open. It's not going to unlock on you. Strap would be more comfortable with a shoulder pad as the strap is nylon with no padding. Good strap for sitting down or playing standing short gigs with a light guitar. Long shows with a heavy axe might not be too comfortable.
Bought this strap for my acoustic guitar however the neck button was to close to the neck for the wide locking device at the end of the strap. Nicely made and works well to retain strap to guitar.
Kind of cheap and digs into the neck a bit but I only use it for walking around the house strumming when I am playing my secondary guitars.  It's fine for the price.
You know, I love the locking mechanisms on these guitar straps.  I own one of these (in differing colors and textures) for eack of my guitars.  I no longer experience the problem of the strap coming off while I'm playing.  That prevents a lot of damage.
This is a very very nice guitar strap.  Comes with dual locking strap holes on each end.  Very nice for creating a great grip on your guitar so they won't fall off.  I originally bought the cheaper version and sent it back and got this one.  Very good for the price.
Based upon some of the other reviews, I feel I got a different product, as it didn't fit the descriptions given by others. I ordered two of these, and both were very thin material, not sturdy at all. Second, both straps were not adjustable to 59&#34;. Both mine measured 45&#34; from strap button hole to strap button hole, fully-extended. They are useless to me, as my guitar, a dreadnought, covers the middle of my chest when I put it on. I believe I was given a substitute product, since when I ordered these straps, the price was just $1.00, and now they're back up to $4.95 as I write this. I'm really sick of these Amazon substitutions. For what I paid, I won't bother returning them...not worth the hassle. I will donate them to a local music teacher who has students with smaller guitars. Very disappointed. Warning...if you see a price drop below $4.95, don't buy...it's probably not the product that's described here.
I had been having lots of trouble with my guitars falling from the leather ended straps.  Not any more.  These locking ends are the ticket!  They are quick to release and adjust, and fit very well.  They are bulky when putting the guitar in a case, but I just leave them on.  The strap itself is plain, but it highlights the beauty of my guitar.  It's a must for any rambunctious guitar player.
Pretty basic strap, but durable and works for me.  The only thing I noticed is I think that one of the end pieces was attached with the stitching on the wrong side, but it's just a picky detail.
If you want a strap for $5 you can't expect the moon. I bought this along with 2 other straps of higher price. This is simple. I would not want to use it with a tank top on (or for guys on skin) because it is stiff and not "comfy" but it is practical and works well. The leather ends fit securely on to my guitar snaps. Both ends are the same - leather. (one of my straps has a string on the end - this kind does not - it is made for the snaps)No bells or whistles but I would recommend it for the price.
This strap seemed a little awkward at first, but after a rigorous six month evaluation it's become my go-to strap.I currently have it locked to a Fender Strat and experience NO problems with the strap ends rubbing against the body of the guitar.  Although the strap ends are light plastic, they've held up well.  The nylon strap itself has held up well with no fraying or noticeable wear.  The nylon isn't that soft, so if you are that guy who insists on playing shirtless then this may not be the strap for you.It will lock to most standard strap ends, if the body of your guitar allows it.  I wasn't all that happy with this strap connected to a Les Paul.
This strap is not a bad one, but it just did not fit my guitar, so that is the only problem. I have a classical guitar and sadly, this strap does not fit it.
It won't slip. It won't miss. It won't a guitar break. You can count on Planet Waves' quality. I like it's simplicity and reliability. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus'
It's a strap.  It's pretty well made.  It holds your guitar on your body so you can play it.  It costs $5 or less delivered...what more could you ask for in a strap???  There may be better ones out there, but at more $$ and this does the same thing.
Spend a few more bucks and get a padded one. This one is comfortable for 10 mins then it's cramp time. Just save yourself the hassle, this one is too cheap to return and while it's "OK" it's not great for long-term playing.
These Planet Waves locking straps work very well on most guitars with standard-size strap pins.  Once locked, they're not going anywhere.  What you need to be careful about is that you have to use some common sense - the locking end, once fastened, can act as a lever to pull the pin out of the guitar if pressure is put on it a certain way.  For this reason, you would want to be careful when using it on acoustic, hollow, or semi-hollow guitars.  And I certainly wouldn't keep this strap on a guitar when it's going to be carried in a gig bag.  Keeping this in mind, these straps are an efficient, inexpensive way to be sure your guitar won't break loose of its strap.
Good design, good price, smart locking mechanism, great for classic, accustic and light electric guitars
Good for a cheap beginner strap used for sitdown practice.This was my first guitar strap i had ever bought. I didnt really care about quality i just needed a strap to get by. Over the 6 months ive had it i took it off my electric guitar and put it on a new electric acoustic I recently got and it keeps popping off. This is a problem is standing up playing at a gig or just around your house. The guitar could take that head dive of death, while one dive might not do too much damage a few might crack the neck or worse.My Advice: unless you plan to sit and play (which you wont really need a strap anyways) the whole time, spend alittle more to get a leather strap. Spending more on a leather strap will help avoid hole stretching and the popping off of the strap in mid play.
this is a good product. its not the best strap but, for what i paid for it, its well worth it. ive had it for about a month and so far it seems to be holding up very well. this is a great product for a beginer.
I got an ernie ball strap instead of a planet waves strap
These are great guitar straps at a very reasonable price!! I bought 2 to try them out, and I intend on buying more!!
This is a good quality strap!  It is wide and has leather ends.  It fits my Les Paul 100 just fine and I am sure it willlast a long time with normal use.Can't go wrong for the price!
This is not my first Planet Waves locking strap. They have never failed. Though the selection of colors and widths are very, very limited, it will keep your guitar secure if you can live with those limitations. Obviously if you have your heart on a certain strap other than these then go ahead and purchase straplocks. But for me these work just fine. Highly recommended.
This is a Palnet Waves and just as good as the more expensive ones.Material is rougher,but that's a good thing.
Looks good.  Great quality for such a low price.  Fits the instrument, (and old Mexican acoustic), and feels comfortable.  They arrived before the promised delivery date.
It fits good and came in the color i expected. But there was one thing wrong. The strap had a small stain. I don't know why? It said it was brand new. But maybe not.
Works well for my guitar. It holds where I left it over a year ago. I don't use it all that often though...
The threads can sometimes come undone slightly and make you itch if they come in contact with skin, but it's still a great strap and holds up solidly. Would certainly buy again.
