Boosts the signal without too much noise, though not totally quiet.  Good for lead w/ single channel amps; boosting signal into effects that vary depending on signal strength--especially at lower practice volumes.  Should be INEXPENSIVE!
I bought this pedal to give my single coils some heat. It does that (my dial is set at 10 o'clock). However, I could see a tone purist really bothered by the the mid range coloration from this pedal. In live/practice situations, at high volumes, it doesn't bother me much. In the studio, I won't use this pedal for that reason. It was the right price for me, right now. If you want transparent boost, you gotta pay more.One more thing... a boost pedal really shines when it's running to a tube amp for that extra something. I don't think pushing the input of a digital amp is a good idea for sound's sake. Just a thought.
This is a simple preamp booster that adds a bit of dirt so if your looking for a clean boost this isn't it try something else. I find This best used to push the front end of a tube amp. its really similar to an overdrive except this boosts more than a normal one and is good for cutting through the mix on a solo or fattening up single coil pickups. overall great pedal and amazing price highly recommended.
Ok...I bought this and after placing it on my pedalboard it was OVERKILL. I mean I had enough boost and gain from different pedals already so no use for it at the moment. I gave it to a friend of mine that had a simple pedal configuration (distortion and a flanger) and it made a huge difference when he needed to make a solo or bring some "accent" to a determinate part of a song.It's a cool pedal but I will recommend it for simple pedal configurations. It will bring the extra juice you need.Cheers
I pretty much just leave these on all the time. It gives a good boost and body to my tone, with out being to distorted and dirty, but if you want that type of sound you can get it.Great price too.
I originally bought this pedal to boost an old amplifier signal and it works suprisingly well. I wanted a boost which didn't color tone and this has worked well for my needs. The price is good, I bought it locally for the same price here.Since I have bought this pedal, I have upgraded the speaker in the old amp and still use this to boost the speaker to use with pedals. The tone is transparent and boosting pedal output is great. I use it with distortion and overdrive with good results.I have found new uses for my pedals which suffer from volume drop by putting this in front of them. All in all, besides for a good EQ pedal, this boost is effective and worth every penny.
I cannot shower enough praise on the LPB-1. It currently sells for about $40 and improves your sound when combined with any other pedal (especially overdrive/distortion pedals) or on its own. I keep it on all the time, since it always improves sound-quality.
