It's tough to shell $85+ for a pedal that is not an effect, but now that I've had it for a few weeks I'm glad I bought it. Although my guitars pretty much stay in tune, warmer weather and humidity levels affect my guitars and they change a little while I'm playing them. The Boss TU-3 is bright and easy to read and keeps me it tune all the time. When you play in a band, you got to have a pedal tuner and you can't go wrong with Boss.
I wanted an upgrade to my TU-2, which I had for years. This TU-3 is easier to see, and is more precise in it's tunings. I recommend it!
I have this tuner attached to my pedal board and it is fantastic. There are tons of settings and the LEDs are nice and bright for dark stages or bright outdoor venues.Highly recommended
As with all Boss products, I've been very happy. The tuner is easy to use ... need I say more. I'm from the olden days of the 440 tuning fork for tuning, so this is GREAT!
I've owned many tuners through the years and I keep coming back to this one. buffer mutes when you play and the quality is great for this price point
I know spending this kind of money on a pedal that doesn't even add an effect to your tone sounds pretty crazy, but this is definitely worth it. If you think about it, when your guitar is out of tune, it doesn't matter how perfect every aspect of your playing, equipment, and set-up is; you will still sound bad. So, in a way, this is the most important pedal you can have.This pedal works great as a tuner and very vividly displays how far off you are from being in tune. Works great as a mute switch too, just one click and you've got no sound - perfect for switching guitars and/or just muting all sound.The design is quite sturdy as well, it feels very solid. I definitely recommend this pedal.
It works well 95% of the time but sometimes has a problem with the G string for me. I use it in tandem with a snark tuner and together they're fail safe. (the snark tuner will also get buggy once in a while but together it's so statistically unlikely that I don't worry about it)The stomp tuner also has the benefit of being able to hault the signal, hence why I wouldn't just use a snark tuner.
The title pretty much says it all. This is such a simple, great tuner. The streaming light effect is extremely cool yet totally practical! Great deal.
This thing works great!I play out live in clubs and this device is indispensable. Accurate and quick - great for between song quick tuning.It's a Boss pedal - so it is rugged and reliable.I have seen this pedal on the pedal boards of top touring pros, recording artists and session musicians in and around the Dallas and North Texas area. I play locally and regionally in North Texas and see this pedal on almost EVERY guitarist and bassist's boards every night.Great product - well made - worth every penny.** UPDATE **After using this tuner for a month I can say that I made the right decision.Fantastic product that every guitar player needs - period.** ** ** ** ** ** *EDIT 10-23-2012I have purchased another one of these tuners for an alternate pedal board.These really are the best tuners out there - you should get one today!There is no comparison to anything else out there - nothing - I have looked!
I really enjoyed this tuner, extremely fast an accurate at tracking you. I've been surching for a decent tuner for about a few months now and I've demoed the pitchblack and the planet waves tuner, all never could track me as well as the TU-3 could! What I mean by tracking me, I'm talking about how fast it can respond to me changing the pitch. Its a great tuner, a little pricy, but worth it in the long run... I was even surprised they included a battery!
