These picks sound great, very durable and grip is the best I have used. My main complaint is the very small size,I haven't got enough room to vary my finger position and get different tones out of the pick. I find the Dava master control more to my liking for most things, but I still use the jazz III's from time to time when I just want a simple clean pick tone.
I started with the flimsy grays. A couple years ago I switched to yellows. Recently I've been learning the art of arpeggio sweeps and this pick is the (  )! For all that are having tone probs with this pick, consider this. Your used to using big picks, which strum hard easily. With these I noticed I have to strum in a tighter, stronger pattern than before to get the same tones. Anyway, the attack on this pick is so just..YES! It flows in sweeps like .... YES! I will never switch from the pick. Oh ya, the grip is perfect. Haven't popped one outa my fingers yet. Just my two cents.
nice grip,,,,  the are great and a excellent quantity in the box for a musician that lost  constantly are lossing guitar  picks
I have some neurological problems with my picking hand, and can't seem to hold onto picks. I really like these Max Grips a lot, and have found that they are excellent for soloing. Great tone as well. For my tastes, they are are a bit stiff for strumming, but perfect for everything else. I love the size and wouldn't want anything larger. The advantage of these over the Dava jazz picks is that if they do move about in your grip, you can still pick with them. The Davas have a rubber coating over the grip part and can only be used on the sharp side. I would say the Davas are slightly more flexible (literally, not figuratively). I use the Dava jazz for more rhythm oriented playing. Cannot recall how these picks are with my acoustic, as I've been on an electric fixation lately.Also a fan of the regular Jazz IIIs and find they don't slip as much as my Dunlop Tortex picks. I think this is due to both the materials of the pick and the raised lettering. Still, in terms of grip, they don't hold a candle to the Max Grips. Both picks have their own unique tonal character.I've tried a variety of picks and I think that once you get used to smaller picks, you will find the larger styles feel clumsy and awkward. These jazz picks are also great for pinch harmonics. They are just a bit difficult to adjust in my hand on the fly because they are so grippy.Overall, these are my picks of choice, for my style, which is blues-oriented. Surprised there are so few reviews.EDIT: The strumming issue can be overcome with playing around with pick angle. It's getting easier with these. I have also since found that while these are fantastic picks, I actually prefer theDunlop Jazz III Pick Pack, Red Nylon,1.38mmdespite lack of the Max-Grip raised lettering. They are just the most wonderful picks I've used. I do plan to try out some 2mm picks, however, as I suspect I'm going to prefer a thicker pick; the III nylons feels slightly thicker than the Max-Grips, which I believe is why I prefer them.
I'm a bass player and so I don't deal with cut picks much.  These picks are really hard and last forever.  I did not notice any additional string wear or damage.  These would probably better suited to guitarists.
exactly what I was looking for. A Jazz III- sized pick (smaller than a common-sized guitar pick) that works better for me because the grip nubs make it easier to keep it in the proper angle/position
I have tried many picks in my 25+ years of guitar playing and this one is by far the best. I have been using Dunlop for the most recent years, but these are the best. The Carbon Fiber of these Dunlop Jazz III make them as long lasting as you want - when playing rock (slides and picking) they are better than any other material, and still very comfortable for softer rythms and styles like blues or jazz. Their grip is excellent and they feel awesome. Gotta try them! Highly recommended. Cheers!
They are tiny. About half the size of a regular pick. My fingers keep hitting the strings.  Nice grip area. Will last forever, sound great. A bit too thick for me.
With the grips these are comfortable and not as prone to falling out of your and when your hand gets moist from sweat
I had no reference point to judge the size of these picks perhaps compare pick with a quarter in the shot as a sizing method.Good picks though.
These will not wear down which is amazing and they have all the same great qualities as all the other jazz III's. the only problem I have with them is dirt can get between the grip pretty easily which makes them slip but if you clean them well then its not a problem.
I bought a number of these because after the first one I used I fell in love.  They have a fuller sound than other picks and the grip on these is fool proof.  However they don't pinch harmonics well at all, and they will not do scrapes up the Low strings at all.  Two disasters for Classic rock music.  I never seen picks that wouldn't do these things, however I really struggled with these things that seem so easy with other picks.  However minus these two quirks, these are fantastic picks.
Unless you know what you're doing, these things are too small.  If you feel comfortable with your picking skills, the size and stiffness (along with the built in grip) are pretty good.  These are for lead, and not rhythm. The picture won't show it, but they are about the size of a dime.
I think these jazz picks are awesome, nice and light with a gripped texture so you don't have worry about them flying when you solo! I only wish that more came in a single pack.
These picks are a good change of pace. They are easy to grip and do not slide and slip through my fingers. Good investment for the price.
I buy these for my son.  He loves the grip on them as they help stop them from slipping out of his hands.  He also likes the small size.  They last forever and don't break.
I ordered them because they are carbon fiber, but love them because I DON'T loose picks anymore! I used to lose a pick every other day. Bought six, still have six a week later. :)Here's how I keep it: about midway over the fretboard, slide it between the E, B, and G strings (the three smallest strings) and slide it up towards the headstock. It has little gecko-like protrusions that grip the E string. Stays in place and CANNOT slip out. Wonderful!
These have the correct thickness and texture that I want, but they are smaller than a typical pick. So be sure to try them out first before buying. One just cannot tell the size from the picture Amazon has. I wish they put a reference picture by the side of this pick (may be dim the ref image a little so people won't get confused). Some people swear by these, but I that find my fingers get a little numb after playing these for an hour or two. May be you need to get acclimated to this pick before you can fully use it effectively and for long duration. I won't be buying these again.
These picks are fantastic, but smaller then picks I've used in the past, but easy to hold onto due to the shape and texture, very durable, believe these are smaller for Jazz use.
If you like thick/heavy gauge picks, but find they wear too fast for you, this is the pick for you. They have a very solid grip to them and are very stiff, but also wear (as in don't wear down) like nothing else. These were a very nice find!
I got these after using Dunlop Standard Tortex Picks, 12 Pack, Purple, 1.14mm for some time.i would choose the Jazz III are better for ME personally because i used to hold my picks wrong.Due to the smaller size of the Jazz III im forced to be a better picker and player.
One day I was getting ready to play a show and stuck my hand in my pocket...my pick was gone. I checked in my case...no picks. So 3 minutes before I start I'm scrambling all over trying to find a pick. Luckily a friend of mine had a spare and handed me one of these. As soon as I touched it I though, this feel weird. I went and played my set using one of these and I absolutely loved it. The pick feels great in my hand and plays really well. And this was the first time I've played with a pick that I knew wasn't going to come flying out of my fingers. After I got home from the show I jumped on Amazon and ordered a pack for myself. Like I said, I love these things.
This is not a pick for windmilling guitarists.  This is a pick for the precision player.  It's really small--noticeably smaller than the red Jazz III picks.  With large fingers like mine, it almost disappears.  But the aggressive grip pattern keeps the pick right where you want it.  It's a very stiff pick, with just enough give to keep from sawing your strings off.The picks are first-rate.  Based on my previous experience with Dunlop picks, this 6-pack will last me for years.  I'm inclined to lose a few along the way, just so I can give Dunlop some repeat business.
I've always used jazz picks for my electric guitar work.  Danny Gatton did so, and I wouldn't have it any other way.  These are the absolute best picks I've ever used.  They don't wear down as easily as delrin, tortex, or some other materials.  And, these have a really, really nice textured surface that keeps them from slipping out of your fingers.  I think I'm going to order these in massive bulk quantities and stash them away in case they ever decide to stop manufacturing these...
These picks are nice but just  too small. My only regret is that I had taken more time to research the size.  They work well just need to be a little bigger.
The Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III carbon fiber picks really helped improve my accuracy, no doubt in large part due to their relative stiffness and profile. I tend to drop picks and have tried numerous brands and types of picks, but for ease of grip these are hard to beat. I am a relatively inexperienced player, and while more experienced players can address technical subtleties better than I can, I have come to depend on these as they have helped me to hugely improve my picking accuracy in a relatively short time. As far as durability goes, they are the reigning champs. I bought a pack of six, and I've been using them for a while now and can't tell them apart: the three I've used look like the three that are still in the bag to my eye. I doubt seriously I will need to buy more for months (who knows, maybe years) as they just don't seem to wear even after hours and hours of use. I recommend these picks without reservation.
I do like these picks too.  It has a bit different sound obtained when I use this one.  Will keep them.
To me, this is a pick to pick notes and leads. It does not seem like a chord strumming pick as much. I use light  or medium regular size picks for strumming. I really like the fit/feel of this plucking pick. Smaller, but stays in your fingers and glides fast over the strings. You might balk at the price but I do not regret it in the least. Some nice picking with this pick. I don't play a lot so I figured 6 ought to last me quite a while. I have an old thick stone pick with is an interesting experience, too. But the Dunlop is better to me.
I don't use these alot, but when I play jazz style music or ballads, they work better without playing with heavy attack and give a more mellow tone to the solo's.
These picks are smaller than a regular guitar pick and they are thick. I use them for playing bass. They work well for that. I have not used them for a regular guitar. I prefer a standard pick for that.
A very nice pick, both in feel and texture. Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Jim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz III, the yellowish ones, and Dava Jazz Grip 9024 red picks, and I think I like the Dava picks the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size, but they're all good. These picks have a great grip, though, and feel dry and gritty even when they're clean as a bone. Nice!
I probably got the wrong gauge, these things have no give at all due to the thickness but I like the small size. They are about half the size of a standard pick, so they are very easy to control.
