I purchased this mic to use for screencasts (recording what's happening on my PC's screen while I talk about it).  I set it up to sit on my desktop, approximately 2' away from me and usedCamtasia Studio 8 [Download] and a free program called CamStudio to test it out.  Both programs worked well with the mic and did what I'd hoped it would do - eliminated my need for a clunky, wired mic headset.The build quality of the mic seems excellent, and the compact design is fantastic!  I love that it comes with its own carrying case and that it can be on a desktop or clipped to a laptop's monitor.KINKS IN MY SYSTEM: MUFFLED AUDIOThe included software: Cakewalk's Music Creator LE can be installed on one computer.  You get 30 days to register it.  I installed it and registered it immediately, but it would not allow me to put in my registration code, saying I wasn't the system administrator.  I am, and my Windows 7 PC says I am, but alas, it wouldn't work.  This software is optional, but I decided to install it prior to the microphone (per instructions) to try it out.  Eventually I ended up uninstalling it.Soon after installing Cakewalk, I had a PC issue: muffled audio recording.  No amount of system tweaking seemed to fix it.  I was stumped.Then I decided to go to the Samson site and see if there were updated drivers for the mic.  The generic ones installed were from 2010.  No luck.I began reading online about 'muffled audio' on Windows 7 PCs.  Somewhere I noticed a name I recognized: RealTek, which was a name associated with my speakers on my PC (RealTek digital audio).  I went to the RealTek site and noted updated drivers for Windows 7 64-bit (2012), and decided to download and install them.  I rebooted my PC and tested out the audio recording once more. Much to my delight, this solved the muffled audio problem!I did set the bitrate to the highest level for the best sound quality recording.  Afterwards I tested out the mic using Camtasia and CamStudio, both worked beautifully with the Samson Go Mic!On my desk at a distance of about 2.5', this mic pics up my voice perfectly for dictation and screencasts.  No hiss, hum, breath noises or distortion.  Very clear and with the properly installed drivers for my audio - works perfectly with the USB 2.0 connection on my powered USB hub.CONCLUSION: BUY IT FOR GREAT RECORDINGSThis mic is a truly great if it's recognized and properly configured by your system.  Impressively clear recordings, unlike any I've been able to obtain using aPlantronics .Audio 655 USB Multimedia Headsetor the mic on myMicrosoft LifeCam Cinema 720p HD Webcam - Black.For the price, I don't think you can do better.  It's compact, has great voice pick-up and audio recording clarity. Installation issues may occur, but updating audio drivers, using a powered USB hub connection and tweaking audio settings within the operating system should give you the quality you've been hoping for at a price that's right.UPDATE: 12/30/13Been using this mic consistently for a couple months and I'm liking it.  It's a condenser mic, and doesn't filter out ambient noise as well as I'd like, however for an under forty dollar purchase - I'm still very happy with it. Cakewalk never has registered correctly with my system so I uninstalled it.  I guess if anything, that's been the downside to this purchase.
I was surprised when I tested this microphone. It is probably the best bang for the buck at its price range. The base is heavy enough to allow the microphone to stand upright. However the clip does not open wide enough to clamp onto thicker monitors. That was expected though.
For 30 bucks this mic is great! I have garage band and needed a mic for voice and room recording, well this mic does it and them some. The different modes are distinct and perfect from podcast to vocals and for room jams . It comes with a long cable, rotating bad, and a nice carry case that fits in my pocket. BUY this mic, for 30bucks you will,be surprised
I purchased one of these about 6 months ago for my partner who is a musician because we had no recording equipment in the house. We didn't really expect much except a quick way to record ideas.It's simple, easy to use and has outstanding quality of sound. We've used it to record acoustic guitar and vocals with surprisingly good fidelity. We've recorded whole ensemble practice sessions with the mic which it's really not designed for and still had reasonable results. Our friends who are musicians ( and even an audio engineer) are quite surprised and impressed with the quality of sound we get.I've even ordered a second mic for my computer to use with skype.To sum it up, this mic is cheap, easy to use, portable and with fidelity that will surprise you but don't expect it to be a full home recording studio :)
The mic does exactly what I wanted it to do.  The mic has a headphone jack.  Having the headphone jack is essential to making quality recordings. Also, I like having the two polar patterns, switchable from cardioid to omni.I did have to back off a bit in proximity to the mic, as my voice is powerful.  Once, I got the hang of it I had no problems.I did find the bundled Cakewalk software useless.  Please refer to my review of" Cakewalk Music Creator 6" here on amazon.com.  It works great with my new "Acoustica Mixcraft 5 Audio MIDI Music Recording Software V 5."Overall, this is an awesome product.
My first reaction on opening the box that this came in was &#34;Gee, it's a lot smaller than I expected.&#34; It looks like a CAD Equitek E100S but it's a fraction of the size. I'd even say it was cute. But how does it perform?I have two microphones I use for recording at my computer: A Blue Yeti USB electret mic, and a Sampson SAMTR101A. Of the two, the Yeti is closer in design, as it uses an electret capsule and a built-in USB interface, like the Go Mic, so that's what I compared it to. I fired up Garage Band and plugged both microphones into the computer (a four year old iMac) so I could lay down some parallel instrumental tracks with acoustic guitar, ukulele, and double bass.Right off the bat I was impressed with the Go Mic's lack of latency; it was as good as the Yeti- maybe better. There was no perceptible delay.  No need to find a special driver, either. Plug it in and it's ready to go. There's even a headphone jack in the mic- something unusual in a package this tiny. Sound was good, too, though perhaps not as uncolored as the Yeti. I tried all three modes: Carodid, Carodid + -10bD pad, and Omni. Omni gave the best, clearest sound, not unexpectedly, but it was hard to get a good level when close miking. No matter how I backed down the volume in Garage Band I got clipping. Using the -10dB pad I was able to get some acceptable levels from a few feet away. Best sound on all instruments was obtained from 6-10 feet using the Omni mode.It has one advantage over the Yeti: It's very modest in current requirements, so I can run it directly off my iPad. The two together make a nice portable recording/production combination. Packaging is well thought out, too. The mic is permanently attached via a swivel  to a strong clip that also serves as a desktop stand, and when not in use the mic folds into the clamp for protection. And if that's not enough, there's a separate case to keep dust and dirt out of the mic.While the Go Mic wouldn't be my first choice for recording music, it would be a very acceptable one for recording musical ideas on the go, and perfectly acceptable for voice recording, podcasting, or Skyping.
This mic works great for recording vocals on my Mac using Garage Band.  I also wanted to use it on my Xbox 360 to play Guitar Hero and Rock Band, but it's not recognized by either game as a mic.  That was surprising since it's a USB mic.  It is a tiny mic; it'll fit completely on your palm, but it can record very loud noises very clearly. It is also very sensitive when set to room recording. Excellent product.
Having misplaced my Blue Snowflake USB mic, I decided to give this recently introduced, competitively priced USB mic from Samson a try.  (Samson is maker of the highly popular and effective Zoom personal digital recorders--the H2 and the H4n.)  It's an attractive, fully outfitted piece of equipment, with handsome packaging (a small black box and zippered carrying case with aesthetics apparently inspired by iPod).  It's smaller and lighter than the Snowflake--more diminutive than the picture would suggest.  Yet the audio quality strikes me as being somewhat warmer and richer, favoring the bass frequencies of spoken narration more than the Snowflake, which has slightly cleaner and clearer definition at the treble end.The Samson Go was seen instantly by my iMac, and recording was as advertised: "Plug n' Play."  The mic is somewhat more sophisticated than the Snowflake in terms of "latency" settings (it permits direct monitoring via headphones connected to the mic to insure no delay, or lag time, between transmission and reception), and there's a three-way switch for directional patterns (the manual could be clearer, however, about the difference between "cardioid" and "cardioid 10 pad.")  No matter. The mic performed virtually flawlessly right out of the box, with no tampering with the switch.It's extremely sensitive, slightly more so than the Snowflake.  Yet I was unable to avoid the "P" popping sounds, regardless of how close I got to the mic and muted my consonants.  So be prepared for the addition of some sort of "pop filter" device (either one sold on Amazon or a self-designed one, using a nylon stocking).The mic can be clipped to the top of a computer screen or mounted on a mic stand (using a supplied adapter or ordering a properly sized one from Samson).  Yet with its heavy base plus the flexible, tilting mic, it can be placed on a flat surface--much like the Snowflake, but with greater stability and without any intrusive cable.  (The Snowflake tends to "flop around," requiring some balancing of the device by the user.)My biggest disappointment thus far is that the clip, as alluded to by another reviewer, does not open far enough for attachment to a desk-top computer (it should be an ideal fit with most notebook machines).  Although the Snowflake doesn't use a spring clip, it suffers from the same limitation.  If you're especially concerned about durability, the Snowflake appears to be the heavier, more rugged mic, with thick metal and no tiny switches or spring clips to wear out.  The Samson is the more delicate and refined of the two.  But don't kid yourself.  Either mic will exceed the capabilities of your computer's built-in mic and perhaps the owner's expectations. On the other hand, neither is a match for the Shure SM7B that I'm accustomed to using at a local broadcasting studio.  Still, Samson would appear to have a winner with this little wonder, whether it's used in conjunction with a computer to record full-frequencied music or "realistic"-sounding narration.
this mic is perfect it gets the job done sounds clear has settings on it clamps on your lap top
