The Capo is made of metal and works well. It does what it is suppose to do. I would buy this again.
A bit harder to open and clamp than my other capo, but well made. I don't think that you would go wrong!
This obviously is trying to copy the Kyser brand capo, and it does it pretty well. Feels a bit cheaper, which it actually is both monetary and quality wise. The cardboard insert in the package even has the &#34;lifetime guarantee&#34; but no info on where to mail it; and that's pretty hilarious that they tried to replicate that aspect, but other than that, it's a good cheap capo.
For the price and the fast shipment (despite a notice that said it would take 2 months to ship) it is well worth the money. Does what it's supposed to do so far. I can imagine that a lot of use may eventually wear out it's springiness but for now it is working great for my needs. I don't capo too much, just getting into learning some new songs that require it so cheap was the way to go for me. I could see someone who capo's a lot might want to look elsewhere but if you're only needing something simple and cheap, look no further.
Hi Folks! OK, this thing is cheap. That's cool. But a cheap item you can't use is money thrown away. Before buying this I had read various reviews of some folks liking it and others saying it's too small. Well, I want to clear this up once and for all. IT IS TOO SMALL! Specifically, it is too short to reach across all six strings if you go past the third fret or so (depending on your guitar), AND it doesn't open wide enough to be able be slid down past the third fret, even on a skinny neck. This thing really is a puzzler. I mean, who the hell would make capos this size, especially when they could've made capos that actually fit for the same production price and sold them at the same price? Someone somewhere is just plain ass stupid. HOWEVER, a positive from this whole mess is that I finally found a capo to use with my ukulele, and for way cheap, ha ha. But if you are looking for a capo for a guitar of any size, this is utter garbage. Cheers!
