I have difficulty hearing the cheaper units on the market.  This metronome has 2 distinct audible sounds and a flashing light which makes it much easier for me to see and hear the beats.  Works very well.
Very nice metronome with just enough features. In particular I love the name based tempos displayed on the face, many metronomes do not have that feature.  Sits on a standard music stand fine without falling off.
My aunt the music teacher recommended this metronome and we really like it. It's been in heavy use (1+ hours per day) ever since we got it many months ago and I don't think we've even had to replace the batteries yet. It's got a good loud sound and is easy for my kids to adjust. We tried out some free metronome apps but the volume wasn't loud enough and my kids (though very adept at touch screens) found them tricky to adjust. This one is great.
The tuners I have for my guitar/banjo have modes for use as a metronome.  The problem is to use them as a metronome you have to push a small multifunction button to switch to metronome function, then press smaller buttons to set the speed of the metronome.  I find them annoying.This metronome can be set with one hand by simply turning it on and twisting a dial.  The speed is easy to read and setting the loudness of the metronome clicks is easily changed.  And there are two clicks to choose from.  The metronome has a flashing light too.Overall a very useable metronome.5 stars.
When I sit down to practice my guitar, I just want something very simple to keep time. It was a pain previously to have to mess with menus and such on a computer to bring up a metronome app from tablet, phone or computer. With this, I'll just have to flip a switch and dial the tempo that I want. Simple and loud enough for me to practice my guitar routines. I do recommend this one.
The only complaint I have about this is that there's no clip on the back to hang it from so as to keep from knocking it over. This probably doesn't matter to all of y'all though. Other than that, it's a very nice machine with a flashing light and two &#34;click&#34; options. Easy to use and quality built.  ~Pegleg~
Volume control is nice. Two clicks to choose from- the low click is better than the high one to my ear. I would recommend this product.
