This is the best cleaning product I've ever used. Not only do I use it on my maple and rosewood fretboards, but I also use it on the headstock if it's unfinished and on the unfinished body of my Ukulele. What it does is it restores the wood in a way that it gives it a much more brilliant, beautiful and lively tone. Really brings out the beauty of true wood. Now every fretboard and unfinished bit of wood on my guitars looks beautiful and brand new. Application method is also very useful. I don't know why there is a strict warning saying not to use it on maple fretboards; I put it on my Stratocaster's maple fretboard and it looks beautiful. The only thing it did differently was it made the fretboard a good shade darker. I also must add that the stuff has a very wonderful lemony smell (nowhere near overpowering), and it does clean off a lot of dirt in conjunction to hydrating and livening the wood. Great stuff. Go ahead and buy it.
It is strange how few fingerboard lubrication products there are that work well and don't build up, stink, or cost too much.I use this on all my household's guitars and basses. Works excellently, application from this bottle is good though occasionally needs a stir and shake to get more lubricant on the applicator.
By far the best to use on the neck of any guitar or bass.  Applies easily and what is not absorbed between frets, wipes right up.  A must to keep wood looking fresh.
So far still Made in America. I have been using formula 65 guitar polish for over 40 years since a time when my hair was longer as a hippie growing up with heavy metal. I've polished many guitars multiple times. This gets the grime and fingerprints off the body and neck keeping the instrument looking like new. It works great on acoustic and electric, solid or hollow body, acrylic or lacquer finishes without streaking. It even cleans Finger Ease lubricants off the neck and strings. I haven't needed other products separately for the neck or strings since this works great on both.
I'd say if you own a guitar with a rosewood fretboard, this should be a mandatory purchase for your prized possession. Just one bottle of this should last years and years. I also like the fact it utilizes a dabber to prevent spills and accidents. I used this the other night to &#34;feed&#34; the rosewood on my Telecaster, and this difference was night and day.
I was hoping the Lemon oil would be what I needed to get that crud off some of my guitar fingerboards but, it's not very good at that. I suggest cleaning with a detergent first and then let it dry. Once clean, the lemon oil does a good job of sealing the wood - even where years of playing have taken their toll. It's a good finish but, not the place to start. The product is not meant to be used on maple. Don't know why but, not an issue since most of my instruments are rosewood or other dark, exotic woods. So far, so good.
Makes the fretboard feel like new; but best to clean with alcohol wipes first. I think most woods will appreciate being treated with this oil; especially in dry environments.
Restored my rosewood fingerboard with a great color! Also works well on the bridge and only used a fraction of the bottle. A great investment that'll last quite a long time.
Its really secure far as not spilling out of the bottle. The only bad thing is you have to squeeze really hard to get the oil out.
I've had an old beginner Ukulele sitting in a closet for years.  I have much nicer ones now and decided that rather than lend them out for playing I'd fix up this beginner uke as a loaner.  I took off the strings and realized how dull and dry looking the fret board had become.  I used this product and it really soaked it up fast.  Now it looks beautiful again.  Very satisfied with how it worked.
It's oil....what more do you want?Turn upside down, squeeze hard, use your &#34;man&#34; level strength and soon the tip will darken, apply liberally to your fret board in a back and forth motion. IMMEDIATELY wipe your fret board clean just to take the wet look away. Let sit for a few hours then dry rest of the way rubbing with cloth.It's okay to soak the wood as long as it's momentary. Don't saturate the fretboard and walk away, wood absorbs oil, too much oil absorbed = fretboard wood becoming swollen and buckling, losing shape and flatness. Not a good situation.Lemon oil isn't like other oils, it isn't very slippery and kind of makes things grabby. It's oil but it actually works more like a solvent, cleaning things and making them sqeaky clean....like your frets...hint hint.Just be sure to buff off all the excess and put a little string lubricant on your frets before you re-string and you'll be a happy camper.
I love this stuff. I've tried many fretboard and string cleaners but this one works the best. And in case you are wondering, it comes with a cloth cap attached to the bottle under the twist off cap so all you have to do is turn the bottle upside down and clean away. You may need an additional cloth in the beginning to wipe off the excess liquid because the bottle is full when you first get it (of course). I highly recommend this product.
This will make your fretboard smile!  It takes a dry, faded, fretboard and makes it look like new.  A few dabs goes a long way so this 4 ounce bottle should last you a long time.  If your fretboard is really dry & faded, apply heavily and allow it soak in.  Continue applying until the board stops absorbing and then wipe dry.  I was amazed at how this made a dull & faded 40 year old Fender fretboard came back to life.
I love this stuff for all my fretboards, except for unusually dirty ones.  If it is super grundgy, clean it with something stronger, than follow-up with this stuff.  Leaves the wood nourished and new looking without any greasy feel.  I usually apply it twice in a row and wipe clean each time.
Works great - keeps all my fretboards looking great.  Even though I change strings frequently on my twelve (12) acoustic electric guitars this bottle will last forever.  I play hard for several hours almost every day and I'm always amazed at the &#34;crud&#34; that accumulates on the fretboards. (Guess I'll have to stop eating Cheetos while I'm playing - just kidding...) This oil breaks down the &#34;crud&#34; and restores the look of the fretboard to new condition.  No issues / no problems only positive things to say about the oil...
I have quite a few guitars and I like to keep them clean and polished. This stuff is great for my fretboard and I use it every time I change the strings.
Lemon has been known for quite some generations to be a good cleaning solvent because of its acidic nature and this certainly does the job. As the label warns: do NOT to use on Maple-wood frets (mostly Fender strats) due to the softer & lighter quality. It is only for the harder, darker woods like mahogany (which I have) or ebony (high quality - i.e. expensive - used best for fretless). The solution is perfect, but the applicator (attached to the neck of the bottle) could be better. I would rather take the neck applicator out and apply lightly using a 100% cotton cloth.This solution has been made specifically for use on guitars, though I think you could find a similar lemon oil cleaner cheaper at local stores. It's only 4-oz, but what little is used each time, this bottle should last the guitar owner his/her life.
This is a lemon oil used for cleaning and conditioning the rosewood fingerboards of guitars. This only gets done once a year on the average guitar, so if you're like me, this one bottle will supply you for many lifetimes. Other than that, it is what it is and does what it says. The applicator contains a dispensing valve so push down hard to open it when you want the oil to flow.The label says NOT to use this product on maple fingerboards. Doesn't say why, but my guess is it will discolor them, so be forewarned.
