It does a fantastic job. I've had it for almost a year now, still works as well as the first day. Perfect condition.
I am starting out learning to play guitar. I wanted a way to record myself playing guitar onto my laptop so I could go back and listen and to also play both lead and rhythm parts and mix them together.After asking a few questions on a message board, the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 was recommended to me. It's pricier than some of the options I was considering but given the reviews I figured it was worth taking a chance.I'm glad I did. The Scarlett 2i2 is a piece of cake to set up, even for a guy like me that's pretty PC savvy but never dealt with external recording devices.I'm running Windows 7 64-bit and everything installed flawlessly. The drivers loaded without a hitch and immediately recognized the Scarlett when I plugged it in.The included Ableton Live 8 Lite software recognized the unit as well.I'm looking forward to using the Scarlett more to improve my guitar playing. So far, I'm very happy with my purchase, even if it was a little more than I initially wanted to spend.
Purchased to provide professional level I/O for recording from mixers etc.Works very well for that purpose; also and probably especially useful as location recorder with just a laptop and condenser microphone(s). The bus powered connection is as simple as it can possibly get, and the package is about the size of a fat paperback book. Inputs provide for microphone(phantom powered or not), instrument, balanced line on TRS, and balanced line on XLR connector.Tested with bass and guitar via instrument input also sounded very good indeed, and dead silent. Output of high quality material also sounds superb ... and compares well with other very high quality gear. Everything about this unit is a cut above the units from its competitors in this (crowded) price point.Though lacking lots of the I/O and routing options you get with more expensive units, this device, unlike most other products in this price range, has a quality feel to its enclosure, jacks and controls. Drives headphones, even inefficient ones, to satisfying levels cleanly.The input controls have a helpful feature wherein if you have set things too "hot" the color changes briefly to red -- helpful to bring your attention to your proper metering (in SW) to adjust your levels.Re computers and drivers: almost all the tests went well. On two laptops running Windows 7, installed the latest drivers from the focusrite web site and initial tests of playback and recording went great. One of these recorded perfectly also. The other, which has a core 2 duo processor (FWIW), had issues recording properly, and no matter which of the three possible usb drivers were installed, and I tried them all, this problem remained. So, for certain windows laptops, you may want to hang onto the receipt until you verify proper operation throughout. This issue is why four starts rather than five.On a happier note this interface "instantly worked", with absolutely no installation, on a linux desktop running ubuntu studio 12.04 "precise". So for linux users this may be a very attractive option.Lastly documentation and bundled software is "light"; this is fine if you know what you are doing but it would not hurt focusrite to provide a bit more substance in their user guide for novices connecting various types of gear - guidance re best practices etc.But this is a nit -- overall a superb value provided your computer interfaces happily.
I'll start off by saying that I've had this interface for about 6 months now and it is still going strong. I think that anyone, especially the beginner, looking for an interface should definitely consider this unit. Not only does it provide 2 channels, but it also has monitor out and headphone out. This could also be a decent sound card for those who are fed up with integrated audio.However, I have a few gripes with the 2i2. The headphone knob feels a little flimsy and has a bit of give if you push on it. This is purely the "feel" and does not really hinder performance. But it makes the unit feel cheap, at the controls. IMO, the knobs and switches can feel a bit unsatisfying when the rest of the unit is built so strongly. Moving on, while on the topic of knobs, the level knobs for both channels could also use indicators, but once again, aesthetics.Why 4 stars?The problem must of started happening today because I never noticed it before. Or it could be just that, maybe I never noticed it. Anyways, shortly after I engaged the 48v phantom power, the interface started making a barely audible high pitched hissing. Once again, this is barely audible and should not be a problem if your microphone is far enough away. I hope that this issue does not show up in all of the Scarlett 2i2 interfaces. I would think that an interface should produce no noise as it in key in the recording process for many home studios. Hopefully, just my unit is defective and it isn't something that is common among the 2i2's.Another thing to note is that while Direct Monitoring is a feature on this unit, the volume levels coming from the direct monitoring is very low and makes it less practical to use. In other words, I am saying that you would have to essentially turn up the gain and record "hotter" and get closer to clipping to effectively hear yourself clearly though the direct monitor. Nevertheless, it is a feature that can be utilized though.So in the end, 4/5 stars! The packaging that the interface came in was very minimalistic, but yet appealing, thumbs up for that. I really like the build quality of the interface and Focusrite makes it very easy to record audio with this unit. The only issue that I would consider a big problem is the hissing from the phantom power being engaged. Overall, great entry level interface/sound card!
This audio interface is fantastic. It takes a little getting used to, but after an hour you will have it mastered. The sound quality is great! The direct monitoring is a little quiet, but that is no complaint all things considered.All in all, if you need a budget system at home: get this. It is perfect for Mac or Pc.
And sounds crisp.  I had alesis io2 express which did a similar job.  But after hearing a subtle difference in a youtube video I finally broke down.  I heard more definition with the guitar.  Now that I have it I take the quality for granted.  It has higher quality and the dials feel solid.  The little limiter lamp is awesome.  I'm very happy with it even if my old alesis was doing the job.  My old Alesis had midi pass through which didn't work anyway so feature for feature this is a better pick even if it's around 40 bucks more.
I've been using Ableton for 4 years and it never crashes. I connected this interface with LIve 9 on windows 8.1 i set my default playback and recording device as &#34;Line Out Scarlett 2i2 USB &#34; and set it as my default device. It crashes every time  in Ableton but works well with listening to music either on my computer or on YouTube. Sometimes i hears pops and clicks after 5 minutes and have to reset the ASIO4ALL driver which is the same issue with my Audio Technica at2020 USB MIc.My computer is an AMD system and i have used my at2020(USB) on a Dell intel laptop but i never heard any pops and clicks even after using for hours so i am not sure whether this has to do with different hardware used in different computers or whatsoever but. i think it would be better to use this interface on and intel based system because through my experience.
I'm using this unit to set up a Linux Digital Audio Workstation. It works out of the box with a recent ubuntu install or linux mint if you prefer. You will probably want a realtime kernel and use jackd to take full advantage of this device. Without using a jackd interface or a realtime kernel audacity records 96kHz but skips when duplexed, I mark this up to not having sophisticated controls or realtime enabled.The following settings are the best I've been able to manage in jackd2 without and xruns on a realtime kernel(using qjackctl) (I'm also no expert)Frames / Period: 128Sample Rate: 96000Periods / Buffer: 3Which gives a predicted latency of 4msWith a 10ft 1/4 inch patch cord (to run jack_iodelay) I got a consistent 8.24 ms overall latency (not bad imho).Without the realtime kernel you should expect xruns with these settings, my computer is a sandy bridge pentium 2.2ghz with 6gb ram and a ssd.We have used this with an AT2020, AT2021. SM58 microphones and the sound quality is quite high. The preamps deliver what seems like no noise under usual conditions. Simple two mic recordings of band practices sound outstanding. I've also tried some higher gain recordings of weird ambient sounds (rain crickets) and still received very little noise from the device itself but can hear everything that happens in the house.Update:I've found the above setting in jack don't work well for processing live guitar effects in rakarrack. Here are the best setting I could come up withFrames/Period: 512Sample Rate: 48000Peiods/Buffer: 3RealtimeSoft ModeQjackctl lists the latency of 32ms but I have not tried measuring i with jack_iodelay. All the included effects of rakarrack work on my computer for these while booted in the (hard) realtime kernel
This little fellow is great. The proper connection from the Focusrite comes with the box. Hooks to the USB port on my MacBook Pro. Everything else plugs right in. No hassle with the right jacks and stuff. My headphone jack was a different size but I went from 1/8 to 1/4&#34; with a reducer I had on hand. I can turn the computer on and play my guitars without opening a program. I've been recording using Garage Band. Works great. Anytime I can get a product that works as it's suppose to without a lot of hassle hooking up cables or other stuff, it's a 5 Star in my book. Oh. There are two ports for speakers on the back side I haven't used yet. Just trying to decide what speakers to purchase.
I bought this as an interface between my mixer, instruments, and mics to my Macbook for Garageband.  You have to go in and change the input and output in OSX, but it works great!
I use this little guy in connection with my DAW and digital piano.  I run the piano sounds through balanced cables into the line-in ports for recording, and I also run VST intruments on my DAW that I trigger via USB MIDI from the piano and use this device for digital/audio conversion.  I listen through Sennheser HD 595 headhphones plugged in to this and I also have some studio monitors attached using balanced cables.I purchased this to upgrade from my previous audio interface, the Behringer UF0202.  That device worked quite well for this purpose as well but lacked two things: a volume knob, and balanced in/outs.  The volume knob thing I could work around, but my current monitors seem susceptible to ground loops (even with a ground lift plug), so I needed to go with balanced cables.  I'm glad I did.  The balanced cables completely eliminated my noise problems.  This was a good purchase.  However, I would say to anyone who doesn't need balanced cables and is on a budget that they should consider the Behringer.  It's a tiny fraction of the price and it works pretty well.  Further, it's class complaint so you don't have to use Behringer's drivers.  It's plug-and-play.I have some good things to say about the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 (all about the hardware) and some bad things (all about the software).  I've tried using the driver version 2.1, which came with the disk, and the udpated 2.2, which I downloaded from Focusrite's website.To let you know what I need in an interface:1. Balanced stereo in/out2. High quality headphone amp3. Volume knobs for headphone amp and for the main line4. Good digital-to-analog conversion5. Low output latency (input latency not important to me)I don't use the Mic preamps, which is one of the big selling points of this device.================ The Good ====================This box is simple and well-designed.  It does what you want, has very convenient controls, and has high build quality.  I'm pleased with the digital-to-analog conversion.  It has a great big volume knob and another for the headphone amp.  It has switches so each input can be a line-in or microphone pre-amp.  It has a switch for zero-latency monitoring (of whatever is coming in).* The headphone amp was of particular concern for me.  I use headphones a lot and a poor headphone amp can be quite a problem.  The Behringer headphone amp was only ok.  Specifically, it has an output impedance of 50 ohms.  The rule of thumb for good headphone/amp matching is that the output impedance should be 1/8 the impedance of the headphones--my hd 595's have 50 ohms of impedance.  Breaking this rule you get distortions of the frequency response.  In my case mostly this meant attenuation of the bass.  Most manufacturers don't list their output impedance, possibly because they are embarrassed.  Anyway, Focusrite does, which is one reason I trust them a little more.  The output impedance is less than 10 ohms--respectable but not amazing.  Still not as low as I would need in principle but I can notice an improvement in the bass response in my headphones.  There's plenty of extra voltage here too, so I could drive higher impedance cans if necessary.  Anyway, good headphone amp.  Check.* Balanced ins and outs work very well,  The ins accommodates a 1/4 TRS style in and XLR.  The light around them shows when something's actually coming in and shines red when it's in danger of clipping.  There's lots of gain available.  I have them turned all the way down almost.  The outs are TRS style (balanced or unbalanced) and are located on the back.* I like the look of the box, with a red metal case, and the front and back are sturdy and attractive as well.* The USB cable is just a type B port.  This means you can replace it if it gets damaged or whatever.  The Behringer, for example, was hard-wired to its cable...king of annoying.* It's bus-powered.  I actually would have been fine with a wall-wart, but this is even more simple.I really have no complaints whatsoever about the hardware.===================== The Bad =========================The driver for this thing is horrible under Windows XP.  I have a clean installation with nothing installed except my DAW software, acrobat reader, and this driver.  I mean, my computer is really stripped down.  Performance using the Behringer was good.  The latency (time between playing a note and hearing it out the speakers) was 8 ms using the Behringer, which isn't really perceptible.Unfortunately the focusrite driver, though it's technically ASIO apparently, doesn't have anything like an acceptable latency.  The lowest latency I could set it at and get sound out instead of crackles and pops was 23 ms.  At that level the instrument begins to sound very sluggish and laggy.  It's very difficult, at least for me, to work with a large latency like that.I was ready to return this device when I decided as a last ditch effort to install ASIO4ALL.  That's sort of an ASIO driver to use if you absolutely cannot make the manufacturer's driver perform at a decent level.  I installed it and it worked.  The output latency was a tiny 4.3 ms (only .3 of which are actually output latency, so this is REALLY impressive).  I conclude that the hardware is very, very good in this machine, but the software is horrible.Unfortunately, you can't actually uninstall the focusrite driver because otherwise windows doesn't recognize the device and it never even turns on--it's not class compliant, unlike the Behringer.  So now I have two drivers for it installed, only one of which I use.The bad news is that this configuration is very buggy.  In general when I just turn the computer on and try and play my VST instrument, all I get is crackles and pops until I open the ASIO configuration panel and increase the buffer.  The funny thing is that it doesn't matter where the buffer starts out, I always have to increase it before I get any good sounds out.  I can start it out with a huge buffer--lots of latency--and it will crackle until I open it and increase the buffer yet more.  I have to do this every time I turn on the computer.  Also, sometimes if I leave it on for a while and come back, it will be crackly again until I increase it yet another step. We are talking about major bugs here.I decided to try ditching ASIO4ALL and trying to make the focusrite drivers work again--maybe there was a setting I was missing.  As I was trying to set the buffer size, I heard the sound of an explosion and then my computer rebooted.  When it came back I couldn't get good sounds out, even when I turned the buffer way up.  Tried rebooting a few more times, still didn't work.  So I uninstalled and re-installed the focusrite software.  At first it didn't work.  I had to install ASIO4ALL as well, and now I can sort of get sounds out of it, half the time.I hope you are getting the idea.  These drivers are terrible.  Awful.  A monkey could have written a better driver.  I would give it 1 star if it wasn't for the fact that the device works very, very well when all the stars align and the driver recognizes the drive and allows it to play.  I guess I'm willing to sacrifice convenience and stability for nice hardware when it works.  I would never use this in a live situation or when time is critical.The good thing about drivers is that they can update and fix them.  I'm hoping for that.  They have already revised the driver once, which is amazing because even the 2.2 driver is seriously an abomination, just like the 2.1.================ Closing Thoughts =======================Unfortunately, there really isn't a USB interface that has a good driver.  The Behringer driver always worked, but if you moved the interface from one USB port to the other, it was no longer recognized and you had to reinstall the driver.  However, you didn't have to use the Behringer driver and ASIO4ALL would give you 11 ms and perform without any complications.  That's about as trouble free as I've seen in this type of device.If you read about the Presonus Audiobox USB and the M-Audio Fast Track Pro (probably the two closest competitors to this focusrite), what you get is a bunch of comments just like this one...horrible, horrible drivers that never get fixed. Actually Mackie makes a competitor as well, the Onyx Blackjack--but the reviews of that show that the driver is possibly even worse than this one. Unfortunately none of the pro music manufacturers cares about their drivers, so we have to live with unstable systems that only work half the time.  Maybe it's better under mac.  I don't know.Interestingly, this is really the only USB 2.0 device in this range.  That's quite shocking considering how long the USB 2.0 standard has been around.  The only real implication of this is that the USB 1.1 devices like the M-Audio and Presonus can only do two channel 24/96 audio in OR out, not both at the same time.  There's not enough throughput in USB 1.1.So in light of the competition, the Focusrite looks kind of ok.  Unfortunately all audio interface manufacturers--at least in this range of device--think there's no need for good hardware and (especially) good software.  At least the hardware in this one is up to spec.  We can cross our fingers for improved drivers in the future.Bottom line: this is a fantastic, 5-star device...if you can make the software work consistently.If you are on a tight budget or don't care about balanced in/out, I'd recommend you go with the Behringer UCA202 or UFO2020.  They are tons cheaper, class complaint, and have better drivers.  If you use a high impedance headphone with it, even the headphone amp is pretty good on that one.================ Update May 2012 ==============A new version of the driver, 2.3, came out since the writing of the above.  The new driver actually works.  I have stopped using ASIO4ALL and I get decent latency.  Once in a while--not too often--it will inexplicably require me to edit the settings and increase the buffer, and some percentage of the time when I do that it will reboot my computer.  If I don't change anything, most of the time, it works ok.  I would never use this in a mission-critical setting (i.e., gigging or pro work), but for my home use, it's good enough now.  If you have issues with the driver, definitely update.
I write and record my own music.  When I upgraded to a new computer with Windows 8 it wouldn't support my M-Audio Fast Track Pro so I had to upgrade.  The Focusrite Scarlett worked right out of the box.  I replaced the stock cable with a Monster cable and my recordings sound great.  Very easy to use.  Just plug in a microphone or guitar, set your levels, and start rocking.
Small amazing good quality interface. This is not the PreSonus board but the controls are easy set up is quick and it is so portable. I especially like the dual inputs on front. Back light on knobs shows clipping on volume (green and red) and connected (green).USB powered and plug and play. My Ableton Suite detected and connected in seconds.
For me being a solo 12 string guitar and vocal act this works just fine for me. And you get the extra plugs ins supplied by Focusrite too with this interface. I cannot say I am wild about the included software which is Ableton Live Lite 8. I really disliked the screen views of Ableton and thought they were hard to view. So I did some scouting around and talked to a few techs and they suggested Mixcraft 6. WOW! I like a mixing board that is right up in my face and no guesswork. Mixcraft 6 is so user friendly and you don't have to bring in a professor from another planet to understand it. You can be laying down and recording tracks in no time. And shouldn't recording be fun and not frustrating besides? The Focusrite Interface recognized Mixcraft 6 as if it were an old school bud and the extra plug ins. So all and all it turned out great and I am a happy camper. This in my opinion is one of the best entry level Recording Audio Interface units around. It also has phantom power for those of you who have condenser mikes requiring phantom power. Dollar for dollar you cannot go wrong with this interface. Engineered in England. And on the downside, made in China. (Isn't everything these days?)
I desperately needed a real audio interface, I was tired of my toy Behringer 1 i/o RCA usb thing.  After reading reviews online, this seemed like exactly what I needed.  It's small, lightweight, and fits nicely on my desk.  It's got some solid pre's, and has enough for me to work with.  I didn't need the extra i/o enough to break the bank, so 2i2 is all I wanted.  I'm really pleased with this, the quality is great and the ease of use is just as great.  It handles line and mic inputs just as well, and the general rule of thumb sticks here that ~70% (about 2-3 o'clock on these knobs) is a good base level for the pre's.  Phantom power works fine, and the direct monitoring switch is really useful.  I don't like dealing with latency in Ableton, so to be able to just monitor directly when I'm playing instead of waiting for it to go through all that processing is great.  And the headphone volume and monitor volume are right next to each other...all in all I'd say the design of this is very user friendly.Some people reported driver issues with this, and I can't say I've really had any problems.  I'm using Windows, and I have to suggest using the ASIO drivers whenever possible.  I had some issues with iTunes where the audio would just stop and the level (in the Windows sound menu) was frozen at whatever had been playing.  All I had to do was disable and re-enable in the device, but that got kind of annoying.  I e-mailed Focusrite about it, and they were pretty prompt with getting back to me, but the problem kind of faded away so I never really figured out what that was.  I started using Fubar2000 because it supports ASIO, and I haven't had ANY issues with any program that uses an ASIO driver.  I have since started using iTunes again as well (still much easier to manage the library in there), and the problem has only manifested itself once or twice since then, so who knows.
My only gripe is that once in a while after it's been on for a long time it seems to drop out / stop working in windows 7. I've tinkered with my usb power-save settings, etc, and it still seems to be an issue. Not that big of a deal as it doesn't do it when actively being used, but about once every other day I have to unplug the USB and reconnect it. Could be my system, could be the pre-amp, otherwise no complaints.Though be wise and download your drivers from the website, not the included software. I don't even know what is on the software but I think it's a full version behind what you'll find on the website.
Good sound, very very low noise (except on high gain), when switching to direct monitoring the output volume cuts to half, expensiveIf you're planing to record on computer, buy a USB mixer for the same price you'll get a lot of stuff and a mixerWorks with iOS if you have an external power supply (powered hub)
Well built, easy setup, very quiet. Using with Procaster, worked well enough but better with addition of FEThead, high quality unit.
I've used more than a handful of USB/Firewire interfaces over the past decade. In the past, it's always been a crapshoot, regardless of brand or reputation. Instability, incompatability, and frustration abound with audio interfaces. That being said, this has been the best interface I've ever owned.The size is fantastic, the preamps sound great, it has phantom power, it looks cool, and most importantly, it's been rock solid ever since I installed it two and a half months ago.I frequently leave my PC on 24 hours a day with this plugged in, and as of yet I haven't had a single crash, dropout, 'pop' etc. It's performed flawlessly since day one.Regarding sound quality, my recordings have never sounded better. I've used this to record electric guitar straight into the unit, acoustic guitar via condenser mics, dynamic mics, hammered dulcimer, cello, synth via direct input, and it handles it all flawlessly. I'm seriously impressed with the quality.Finally, it's small enough to take with me when I want to record at a friends house on my laptop.I've used it with Reaper, Sonar X1, Guitar Rig 5, Cubase LE, all without a hitch, on two PC's - Both Win 7 64-bit. The drivers gave me no hassle installing, and as I said above, ROCK SOLID.Your mileage may vary, as I stated earlier audio interfaces can be quite the crap shoot. Same setup, same hardware, etc, and one person can have wildly differing results. That being said, I would definitely recommend this unit, as it is my favorite of all time, and I've used everything from crappy firewire mixers to high-end MOTU interfaces.Great for the price, and if 2-in/2-out works for you, it should perform better than interfaces costing twice as much. It performs better than my old MOTU 828 mkII that I got for five hundred.
UPDATED 3/16/2014After owning the 2i2 for over a year and encountering many difficulties I am revising my once gleaming review.The 2i2 is a simple set-up. Pretty much run your monitors into the line outputs, connect a mic or (apparently) a "low-headroom" instrument to it, run the USB cable to your computer and set it up within the DAW described parameters. It would have been nice to know that the included Plug In Suite is not a stand-alone program, and that it functions in tandem with Ableton Live Lite and that it could be found it in the Plug-Ins section of Ableton, but I figured it out EVENTUALLY regardless. (Ableton itself is rather dodgy, and seems to crash constantly.) Sometimes the 2i2 seems to lock up completely, so as no audio is being produced from my monitors!I wasn't sure for a very long time if this was USER ERROR, an Ableton problem, or the fault of the 2i2 and its drivers, so after the gazillionth crash, I screamed "Ballsdogit!!!", and purchased a license for Reaper. After going through the painstaking setup and acclimating to the new DAW over the last few months, I began to realize that my monitors no longer "lock up", but that the drivers for the 2i2 are indescribably pathetic!!!I had to tweak the living daylights out of Reaper just to get an audible sound out of my monitors. Now I'm in there and the FX do not work with the focusrite drivers. Garbage focusrite! Everyone I know that has Reaper raves about the plug-ins, and the greatness and ease of the setup regardless of the interface. I have yet to experience a crash, but I also have yet to experience any recording time.Seriously, I started reading on the Reaper Forums about problems encountered with the 2i2, and came across a response from David@focusrite actually saying that "you should not use this setup to record electric guitar..", and that if you need to record electric guitar you should "get something with more headroom like the 2i4." That is just unbelievable in my eyes!I'm sure I could run this through my mixer and get the lacking headroom and just use this paperweight as a bridge gap between my mixer and laptop, but why should I have to after dropping a buck fifty on this miracle? Besides that, I'll more than likely still have multiple problems with the drivers!This device is clearly marked for both XLR inputs and 1/4 instrument ins. There was no warning of headroom limitations anywhere in the documentation, and I researched audio interfaces for several weeks before deciding on this unit. I feel lied to and disrespected as a customer, now stuck with an irrelevant piece of outdated technology. HOW IN THE HECK DOES THIS THING HAVE A NEARLY 5 STAR RATING!!!????The good side is that the mic pres are nice and warm. I have a bunch of different mics and the 2i2 (when not crashing or locking up the monitors) seems to handle all of them well. I constantly check for driver updates, and have the latest drivers for the 2i2, but without a doubt the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 is probably going by the wayside along with my faith in focusrite and their products.Sorry focusrite, you dropped the ball here.
