Works just fine. Except the bottom part (that is supposed to support the guitar) swivels. Not sure what that's about. But I'm not very picky and know nothing about guitar stands so maybe it's supposed to.
The material it's made of is good, and it holds the guitar. The only things i don't like are 2.1)Each of the corners has a cap. The one at the bottom where you actually put the guitar it comes off.2)The part at the bottom that looks like a U (used to hold the guitar) it spins... It means that there is nothing like a bolt or a screw to make it stay still, so every time you try to put your guitar on you have to make sure to put that straight.I would suggest to but a more expensive model or a totally different one.
This is a very useful item, easy to build and setup, easy to use. I don't have any problem with this stand at all.And all of those people who have problems with the arms that move when you touch them, that is part of the design. It should not be a problem to you, or your guitar.Thanks, Austin Garcia
Construction is fine, and you can set it up in 30 seconds. It holds my bass just fine and the swiveling bottom is not an issue for me. I don't know why some people hate it. The rubberized neck holder protects the wood and the strap keeps the guitar in place. For under $10 and prime eligible, what more can you ask for?
I really like this guitar stand, it was worth the extra money. It securely holds my acoustic guitar and leans back a bit so you can clearly see it. Very stable base. The bottom which holds the guitar can be switched over for different size bases of guitars. A good price, a good buy. Glad I invested in it. By the way, I read several reviews which said this had a "smell" to it...Mine does not. I just wonder what other people have encountered?
In life you mostly get what you pay for. This stand really isn't an exception. Getting what you pay for though doesn't mean that it won't do what you need it to do. This stand is light weight and inexpensive because of it. The great thing is, it doesn't need to be any heavier or needlessly fancy to do exactly what it needs to do. It's a great choice for someone looking to keep their guitars from becoming damaged while they sit out waiting to be played. Even though they will not get damaged while laying around they are still easily accessible for you to play as opposed to having them stored in a case.For $10 a pop you can afford to have one for every guitar. Putting them on display and allowing them to be handy when the urge strikes you to play. You now have no excuse for your expensive (or cheap) guitar to get beat up from laying around.
It does what its supposed to. I really like that the bottom is adjustable and gets the guitar higher or lower off the floor as needed.  A great price and a good item.
It's really hard to beat this product for the price.  I found it sturdy, well built, and a great fit for my guitar.  I really appreciate the low, wide stance, which is great insurance against accident prone guitar players such as myself!
Forgot it came with a strap to secure the guitar to the stand...... Doubt I'll use the strap.. but then again I probably will try  to use it that way.
it's semi-secure on carpeting or hard floor, but all together I am pretty unsatisfied with this stand. The bottom piece has no way to lock in place, and although with the guitar on it it is more stable, I am not comfortable enough risking my wonderful guitar to something rather flimsy...I prefer the one that is mounted on the wall as more stable overall. This one? Meh. Not worth the purchase in my opinion... booooooooo.
Better than I expect,,, I going to order 2 more... very stable,, easy to assemble  and a nice price ..
Not perfect but a solid stand. Prone to tipping over if you just toss your guitar onto it the way I do. And the bottom part that holds the guitar isn't fixed so it's good and bad. Good because it'll hand nearly and shape guitar at odd angles. Bad because if you just toss your guitar onto it the way I do, sometimes it just swings around annoyingly.
TUBULAARRRRHolds my 8 string, 6 string, acoustic, etc.Has held up very sturdily over the year I've had it or so
And works well for it. My only concern is that the shaft that holds the weight is plastic and not metal. I don't know how long it will last. I might find a tube to place over it and make a lager hole. But the price is right and the stand is solid enough. All areas that touch the banjo or guitar are protected and should last.
We picked up the "XCG4 Guitar Stand" for my daughter's acoustic guitar and it is exactly what was needed! Here are my observations:Pros -+ Stable; once setup and tightened down, this is very sturdy+ Adjustable; the height and base can be configured to accommodate the guitar+ Security Strap; has a rubber strap that hold the neck securlyCons -- Slight chemical smell that dissipates after a few daysThis is a good value for a very functional and good looking guitar stand.Highly Recommended!CFH
Bought stand as a gift for my son's acoustic guitar.  He loves it and now has an electric guitar and wants another stand.  Can't go wrong for the price.
yes this is a great guitar stand nice cushion has a lock strap I'm very happy don't mind standing my les Paul custom pro guitar in this baby
I bought one of these for each of my electric guitars (3) and really like them. They work great, were easy to assemble, and not expensive. I do think the name is a bit inapproriate because I would never use one on stage, I don't think they are sturdy enough. These are great if you don't have to worry about pets or children possibly bumping into them. I realize you won't normally have pets or children on stage, but sometimes there are people moving around and guitars do get knocked over. I recommend the On Stage XCG4 for home use or if you have a practice room where you know your guitar is safe. I use these primarily for electric guitars but also have one for an acoustic and it fits very nicely. Great deal for the very low price.
This is great if you have to put your guitar down but don't want to put it in its case.
It came and it wasn't broken or bad and it held my brother's guitar for a few years until he sold it
Simple, no frills, stand.  Only problem I've had lately is that the velveteen padding on top seems to get loose and keeps coming off.  A lil' glue will fix it, just haven't had time!
Still a great product it's just a little flimsy. The way the bottom holder attaches to the base is the problem! It doesn't attach! It just slides in and then you kinda just hope it doesn't bend or break. The only problem is if you are clumsy like me you might push your guitar down into it a little to hard and damage it.
I purchased this for my son's acoustic guitar.  I was tired of finding it not in its case and lying on the floor, or against his dresser.  Since he got this stand, his guitar has been put away on it every time.  The security strap is a nice feature, to make sure the guitar doesn't get knocked off the stand.  Great value for the money!
Not crazy about having to pay shipping that amounted to half the purchase price for the stand, not to mention having to wait five days for it to arrive. No assembly instructions were included in the packaging. I've never owned something like this before, so that was annoying. Luckily, some nice pictures were posted on the web page and I was able to figure it out from there. Once I got it put together, and placed my beloved guitar in the thing, I got happier. It looks nice and holds the guitar safely (padding protects the guitar finish). I'd recommend this stand to others, but be aware of shipping, tax and consider the possibility it will arrive with no assembly instructions. Not that you have to be a rocket scientist to put it together, still...
I am a believer that if you have a musical instrument, it has to be out if you are going to use it regularly.  with these sturdy stands,  my guitars are out and around the house and they seem to &#34;talk to me&#34; every time that I walk by.  this encourages, if not compulses, me to pick them up and play them for 5-15 minutes at a time.  these stands are inexpensive, light, and hold the guitar well.  I would not recommend them for heavy, on the road, stage work, but then again, most of us are not on the road nor the tour.  we are just playing for the love of it.
This is basically the same as the other stand I rated, just from a different manufacturer.  Same basic materials, you can't go wrong with either.  See my other review for the World Tour GS-1 Folding Tripod Guitar Stand.  Honestly, I can't tell them apart since I threw out the boxes.
Easy to take apart, to put together, to store, and pretty stable when in use. Not the cheapest but worth the money.
Strong and won't tip.price is very affordable.I own several and have had no trouble with them.Buy it and you will see.
No much to these things, but they are cheap and they work great in the studio.  They shipped quickly and didn't break the bank.
For the price you cannot go wrong with this.  Holds my Les Paul and feels secure.  I've never had any issues with this.  Don't bother spending 3-4x as much for something that does the job as well as this.EDIT - Bought another one this Christmas for another guitar and this one feels as good and as simple as the first one.
On Stage XCG4 Tubular Guitar Stand with Velveteen Padding and Security is very helpful tool for any guitarist.I got a lot of them for my guitar collection and have no complain.Recommend it.
I have several stands, and this is the second one of these I bought. It works fine and will hold any size acoustic guitar.
It's okay. I've bought stands for less that were more balanced and sturdy, and the little &#34;safety&#34; strap is a nuisance more than a help.
The On Stage XCG4 Tubular Guitar Stand is a decent quality simple guitar stand like almost all the others, so here is how I rated it. There are really high quality stand of the same design, but i will not use those stands as a comparison.  Seriously, the tubular guitar stand has been around since dirt.  If you somehow made one that retails for over $30 and are able to sell it, I applaud your marketing team.Continuing on, this is how I rated the On Stage XCG4:If it were over $13, it would have gotten 3 stars.Between $7 and $13, earns it 4 stars.if it were under $7, it would have gotten 5 stars.I hope this helps,~JP.S.  The currency is in US dollars.  Please adjust accordingly.
I paid 10 dollars for this. It must be giving me cancer in the state of california because it's not cheap at all. Folds up for transport, works great on hardwood floors, padded where it needs to be, and has a strap so it doesn't fall forward either. Angle of the feet might be too shallow for carpet, look for something where the legs 'enter' the carpet more straight down.
I am a novice musician so perhaps my lack of experience in these items. Once you figure out how it goes together it is an excellent product. It holds your guitar up.
Got what I paid for.  Worth the money, definitely.  Sturdy and stable and I need more words so I can ...done
I have several of these and they are both sturdy and dependable.  My acoustic and electric guitars are stable when held in the stand.
This is my first guitar stand and I have to say I am pretty happy with it.  It's made of good quality metal and you can tell it's much higher quality than the price tells it to be.  The neck strap and the base are excellent.  Made of great padding to pad the bottom and can put any guitar base on there.  Look at the other reviews and you won't be disappointed.  It didn't smell like the other reviews said either.
You get what you pay for. This is a no-nonsense cheap guitar stand. Its adjustable, padded, and has a nifty rubber band that holds the neck of your axe so when you, a stage groupie, or your clumsy drummer trip on it, the whole mess falls over. This is perfect for your Fender Starcaster or screaming pink Hello Kitty guitar. This is not a good choice for your prized 1968 Jimi Hendrix Strat or 1964 Eric Clapton Gibson ES335. You might want to consider something a bit more sturdy for those.
Not only is this a quality guitar stand that is adjustable it is really affordable to and it has a safety strap for the top of the neck of your guitar that will keep ur guitar from falling forward this is a great buy!
I picked up another one of these for a new guitar and I'm very impressed.  They've upgraded the design to be a bit better than the one I purchased a few years ago.  Excellent stand!
What a great price and product!  Bought two of these so I can keep my guitars handy and I love them.  Really love having the rubber strap to secure the neck in the event of a mishap.  The wide frame legs make the stand extremely sturdy and love that it can come apart easy if I want to pack it up.
This stand is great!  It is solid, but light weight enought to move as needed.  The footprint is small & meets are needs well.
This stand is very stable and easy to put together. Works perfect for keeping my guitar safe from being knocked over.
This is a great stand, it looks the same as any other, but it works great for about 10 dollars
This is more of a like it or hate kind of item. If it doesn't work, you hate it. If it works, there's nothing impressive about a stand, so I just like it.
This stand gets a lot of use from me and holds up great. I'm going to be switching to a 7 stand rack soon for all my basses but I will still keep this around because it holds up well. Love the all black look as well.
I'm another reviewer who has, upon personal inspection, discovered that the rear leg of the stand is too short to provide staedy support for any beloved guitar. I returned it.I've &#34;First Act&#34; brand stands similar in appearance but more intelligently constructed.
For a ten spot, ya can't do better. Matte flat black finish is nice.Great durable foam contact points for cradling baby.Double dog dare ya to do better.You just cannot. Excellent deal !!
This is a great low cost stand that accepts both acoustic and electric guitars. The cradle and neck height are both adjustable enabling a variety of guitar sizes to be used.  While it doesn't fold up small like a portable stand, it serves well as a semi-portable stand and is very good as a stationary stand.
I've picked up a few of these for my various guitars.  I've found it to be steady and stable and it hasn't left a mark on either my large archtop or my Les Paul.  The little locking strap that goes across the neck cradle is a big plus too.  I've seen plenty of lesser stands for more money, so this one is  my first choice these days.
Works good, nothing special. I have to say I disagree with a couple of reviews which complained about a bad smell. My big nose can't confirm that. Maybe they corrected the problem if one exited.
cant b beat for the cost. it does jusy exactly whats expected. and at  10 bucks its woth every penny
I've had no problem with this guitar stand. I've had it for about 3 month's now, and when I'm not playing my Fender Strat; it is on this stand. I recommend it as a well functioning stand, at a very economical price.
This is fine for my music room at home where it isn't likely to get bumped too hard.  I wish the bottom didn't swivel, because I don't see a need for it to do that.  But it keeps my guitar handy and does the job I wanted it to do at a low price.  I like the security strap that keeps the neck from falling out.  However, I wouldn't recommend this for the stage where there are crowded conditions and it is more likely to suffer a heavy bump.  For that, you would want a larger tripod at the bottom to make it less likely to topple.
While it is just a stand, it seems to be sturdy and durable. Nothing special about it, but also no negatives that I can find either, than the fact that it doesn't give my foot massages. XD
I bought this two years ago for use with a Takamine. It hasn't seen heavy use. It wasn't supposed to. It sits in a corner of the living room, holds the guitar securely, and doesn't cause problems. Although it does make my ownership of a guitar more obvious, and my 91 yo neighbor was convinced for a year that I was drunk and  wailing away on the guitar at 3 am. At least, that's what she told the police.This stand is very similar to the slightly better selling Musician's Gear stand. They might actually be the same stand under different names. The pricing for both is very close if you consider shipping. If I were to buy a stand again, I would still get this one because it's available under Prime. The other one isn't. That gives this stand more value.The stand is very easy to set up. The lower cradle is not fixed and adjusts itself to the appropriate position for your guitar. This took a little getting used to, but it does work very well. The padding on the stand does protect my guitar well. Extended contact with the guitar surface has not caused any problems.Given the very low price, this is an excellent choice for a living room stand. If you're on the road or performing, you might need something a bit different, but I can definitely recommend this for casual players like myself.
I have been buying these stands for years and will continue to do so.  I've taken them to the studio with me and of course used around the house.  They do what they're built for and are as described.
I really like this stand. It has a nice wide leg base and well padded neck and body holders. It is a nice solid tubuler style guitar stand and either my electric or acoustic guiter fits well in it. I highly recommend it to anyone looking a stand for their guitars.
I have a number of guitars and keep them all on stand in my music room.  This stand is sturdy and protects the guitar well.
It's a very fair price and is made well.  It seems as though it will hold up to some kicking around.  The only thing that worries me is that once the bottom piece swiveled and dropped my guitar...and this was when I just set it down not a few seconds before it fell.  I'd recommend easing your guitar into place and making sure it's secure.  I'm not sure how &#34;on stage&#34; ready this is.  It's a good, cheap stand though and for the price point, I understand the sacrifices they made in the design.
If you just want a basic guitar stand to keep your guitar safe whilst at home. This is it. Have not gigged with it as yet. So no comments as to its toughness. Great value though.
This arrived with one end of the security strap and metal part...Broken! OK...I bought it on sale and returning it would not be an option...it would cost as much to mail back as it did to buy it!Obviously it was not the packaging which was more than adequate and there were no broken off pieces in the box.Of course,I could not recommend this product to anyone...most disappointing purchase!
Holds my guitars just fine. It is a bit odd to think that something off balance (one of the legs is shorter then the others) will be fine but it works.
Great for the price.  Not for guitars with nitro finish.  But I cut up a t-shirt into several long strips and wrapped them around the padding and then tied it nice and tight.  The result was a pretty cool looking stand that will protect my nitro guitars.
It's sturdy, and very portable. The two things I was looking for.Can't really compare to the others, but for me worth the price. I didn't have one at all and this workgs great.delivered in a timely manner.thanks!
believe it or not I've been putting off buying one... I'm so glad i got it now I love looking at my guitar in this thing and now I even want to pick the guitar up more than ever!... Id have to say im happy with the quality can't see anything to complain about really.
I have just receive mine just now.. It was awesome...I never thought that it would be so solid... It is made with steel and covered with rubber on the very edge.. Can't beat the price... I would recommend this to anybody who are looking for a guitar stand!!.. A+++
For 10 bucks this is great, very sturdy and reliable. Works wit all my guitars, and for the price it is a steal.
most guitar shapes and sizes fit on this guitar stand,it is easy to assemble and theres really not much to it but the fact that its a guitar stand,nothing special about it.
