I purchase this because my older springs wont return to it original place leaving my guitar tuning a half step up or down when using the whammy bar, This fender springs work excellent and fit perfectly on my Jackson dk2 ,  I'm using 3 springs right know and stay's in tune no matter the abuse.the only Con on this product is that they are noisy, is not that you will hear it in a rehearsal with a band or a concert but you definitely will hear them when you are alone practicing.
I ordered these because I wanted to deck the tremolo on my Strats because I don't really use the trem. I have a modern American Standard and an American Vintage Reissue Hot Rod 62 Strat. There are differences in the bridge and tremolo block but as far as I can tell the springs are the same other than the modern ones are black. My Standard now has 3 black and 2 silver springs but the 62 Hot Rod has 5 of the silver which are a perfect match for the ones that it came with. Easy to install and works like a charm.
I replaced the tremolo bridge assembly in my Indiana guitar, and what a difference!!!  The original equipment spring  tension was so stiff that the tremolo didn't even work.  Now it sounds great!
I think a set of five is a bit overkill since i only needed three, but these are a direct replacement for the originals.
I purchased a set of Fender Vintage Tremelo Tension Springs in order to "beef up" the tremelo tension on an inexpensive Squier Jagmaster guitar that I recently purchased.  These springs clearly are better and more consistently made than the springs that came on the Jagmaster (the loop actually goes all the way around, which is not the case with the springs that came on the guitar) and it seems that they are of a higher tension. Highly recommended as replacement springs, or to supplement the three springs that come on less expensive guitars.
At first I wanted to get these to replace the 3 cheap springs to came in my MIM Stratocaster for it was the last thing I needed to change to have a functional reliable floating tremolo. After installing these tremolo springs (which by the way have a nice flexible tension) I notice that my tone and sustain greatly improved. I did some research and found out there are other websites out there that sell vintage specs tremolo tension springs for like $20-$30 to enhance tone and sustain on Stratocasters! So at $8 this is definitely a WIN!!!
works great! pretty simply to swap out the old springs for the new ones, I'd say there was a slightly more smooth feel now when I use the whammy bar
Good upgrade, Fender vintage springs. Use 5 of them (in my case) and they work well. I would recommend this.
There's no substitute for the right part. These are great.  I like having extras around, just in case I rescue another orphaned guitar, to rebuild.  The springs are almost always missing. Cost less here, than at Guitar Center, so bada-bing!
I purchased these to replace the springs on my USA Standard Stratocaster.  These hold a lot more tension than the modern style black springs.  Holds your Trem solidly in place and reduces travel during bends.  Using 10's on my Strat, 3 springs was sufficient, if you want to hard tail it, just drop all 5 in. Great product.
Fender springs. You'll need a pliers or needle nose to grab and stretch them to reach the hole. There's too much tension to do it with your fingers. My American Special Strat came with 3 springs and now has the five. I find it stays in tune like a &#34;instrument&#34; should now.
