Hey, it's a fun little toy, but I've seen this thing going in most places for an even $100 which is ridiculous. I was lucky enough to get it on Amazon for $80. Once you get over the novelty of it it will sit on top of your amp to collect dust.  I've made some cool effects and written a many a great riff with this but it's not one of those tools you'll use every song... unless you're so amazing you can make it work every song! Learning how to use it properly and finding the nuances of making it work is half the fun, but once you get it, and you're over it, you wonder why you wasted $100 on something that shouldn't have cost more than $50. It's essentially a 9V battery covered by plastic with a pretty blue light. This was one of those impulse buys that grabbed a hold of me when I had nothing better to use my money on.
I first became aware of the EBow way back in the 80's when the song &#34;Big Country&#34; by the band Big Country came out. They used it to simulate bagpipes and I always loved that sound. I finally purchased an EBow about a year  ago. I'm a songwriter and record my own demos at home. I also perform live in a cover band. I don't use the EBow very often but when I do, it really adds to the performance. I recorded an EBow track for an original song in a passage where there was only acoustic guitar and it added another dimension to the overall sound and made my recording sound more professional. For live playing it can be a little tricky because sometimes it takes a few seconds to get the strings to start vibrating. With practice, I think this could improve. I play the solo on STP's &#34;Sour Girl&#34; and it sounds very much like the original recording. People in the audience tend to take notice during that solo and I get questions about how it works. I have not had good luck with arpeggios but again, practice could improve this.The octave switch is great for a controlled feedback sound. Battery life is exceptional. I have only had to replace the battery once. Overall, I think this is a great product. I wish it had been a bit less expensive but if I lost it, I'd buy another one.
The ebow is a crazy concept. It's fun to use and also very challenging. It comes with a book that had many variations on how to use it, which was nice. Comes with a velvet pouch and dvd. It's a little pricey now I assume from supply and demand but if you've got the extra cash and play every day, pick this up. Also, I played in a band and we did Miserlou and the other guitar player played the trumpet part with an ebow. I don't know how he did it or what setting his amp was on, but it sound like there was a TRUMPET in the room. He clearly, was good with an ebow. Goes to show how diverse they are.
If you've seen the youtube videos, then you know what this can do.I especially appreciate that it has the two modes: one for regular sustain and one for a 'feedback' sustain.They can be switched back and forth even while you're sustaining a note.I can't wait to use this with my band - we'll have to cover "With or Without You" for sure now![...]
I wanted to dismiss the critics and try it out for myself. I wanted to like it, but unfortunately, it just isn't my thing. I played it all but 2 weeks until I got bored and stopped. It now sits on my amp collecting dust. I pick it up occasionally, but I always end up putting it back down shortly after. I am sorry, I just can't dig it... :(Edit: So apparently, a lot of people dislike my review and are insulting me in the comments section of this post. Normally, I'd just laugh at these no-lifers, but I am sick of getting constant e-mails from internet tough guys, so I'd like to formally state  that this is not a bad product. It can be fun, but the effects it gives are not worth $100, and its build quality is not worth $100. Like I said in the original post, I became bored of this item roughly two weeks after purchase and this has not changed. The last time I picked it up was to harvest the battery for the blackout  active pickups on my schecter. Its not that I "didn't know how to use it" like one of the morons in the comments section stated, this product requires very little skill to use. Read the manual if you are having trouble, it explains in great detail the techniques you can utilize with this device.Would I recommend it? If you have a hundred bucks to drop, go for it. If not, your money is best spent elsewhere.
The e-bow is a great tool for any musician looking to get a really neatethereal sound out of their guitar. Great tool!
