Some of the complaints are well warranted about this cheap unit.  First of all I had to fumble around with it for almost 15 minutes to get it to open straight because it seems like I got a previously-returned unit that some other customer must have bent the arms the wrong way along the joints and I was careful not to manhandle it because I could tell it would break if bent it the wrong way with too much force.  I was about to give up but I felt bad to do the return because I didnt want to make Amazon lose money and this is a weird shaped box and probably costs over $8 in postage to send back to them.But eventually I figured it out.  I am a 5 ft 10 inches tall man and this stand is tall enough because I opened it all the way and there was still an inch or 2 to spare if I wanted to raise it to the maximum.  Looks like those complaining about the height did not realize that all 3 segments can be stretched out to reveal the full height (They probably only raised 2 out of the 3 segments).So for the price I think you get what you pay for and since I just want a stand that will stay in my bedroom at home I think this unit will suffice but if you plan to travel around with it or if you are getting it for a kid under 18 years old I recommend you buy a sturdier unit than this because they will probably break it in short order.  And then you will be out the fifteen bucks plus have to buy a new one.The truth is that its a flimsy piece of junk, okay for a responsible adult that will treat it with great care (such as myself) but not for children or drunks, it is very fragile and easy to break.  I took the advice and tightened the adjustment knobs for height only finger tight without great force as previous reviewers attest that it is easy to strip out the bolt if you over-tighten so be very, very careful.I will keep mine but if I had to purchase a second unit I would not buy this one because I dont like flimsy junk and I feel even my large dog could knock this down and break the dang thing.
I bought this to replace a folding stand that was just not strong enough to hold up under the weight of some of my guitar books. This stand works great for me, and hold even the largest of my music and tab books.The construction is much better than other portable stands I've used in the past, and has two great features that I really appreciate. One is it's height adjustable, and two is the tilting head. The tilting head is a real bonous on a portable stnad, and this one works great.For the price this stand is a great buy that I would recommend to anyone, but being primarily a guitarist this stand is execptional. With the page holders tilting head and height adjustability this is one of the best stand purchases a guitarist can make.
Of course, this stand is not nearly as solid feeling as my much-heavier, solid-metal music stand I use at home. It does twist around a bit when you handle it. On the other hand, it's much lighter, collapsible, and it goes inside my practice bag instead of being a piece of furniture that takes another hand to lug. For my practices and rehearsals I want to travel light. This stand fits that bill, and its desk angle is adjustable so it works well for large fake books and for a single lead sheet. I had two pieces of thin plexiglass cut at my local hardware store to sandwich separate sheets of music so I have no problems with wind or with three-sheet-wide scores. I've never had a sturdiness problem with this stand, and I've never had it tip over, but I am careful not to tighten the knobs more than necessary, and I set the legs to their sturdiest position. I always play sitting, so height is not a consideration for me. But I have measured it and found that at its highest elevation the bottom of the sheet music is 50" off the floor. That's plenty high for me even if I were a vocalist, and I'm 6'1". Sure, it does not impress as would an $80-$100, stand but the quality is almost unbelievable for $13. I notice that some of the negative reviews are two or three years old, and I wonder if this stand was the same design then that it is now. It IS a lightweight stand and I take care with the knobs, but I certainly would not call it flimsy.One discrepancy that might be important to you: The stand they delivered to me this month (October 2011) was NOT a "two section" stand, as advertised. It's all in one section and it collapses down to a 20" length that fits in my practice bag. I actually consider this a plus since it makes it quicker and easier to erect at rehearsals. I bought one of these Hisonic Signature stands a few years back, but they've changed it a bit. That one definitely was in two sections, and I made the top section into an excellent table-top book stand. That older one also had folding-clip-type clamps for each section instead of the turn-knob-screw-in type of clamps.
It may be a challenge to assemble it.I personally found it a challenge to assemble it but that is just how I am wired.I am not 'good' at putting things together without help.Good product after you get it assembled.James :)
As a newbie violin student I needed a music stand.  Having purchased many things before through Amazon.com, I have learned to trust the customer reviews which get posted (remembering that there will always be a few cranks).  This music stand got good reviews and I can say that I too am very happy with it.  I would recommend this purchase to any one.
This stand is a little difficult to open.  The top the gets very stuck and turned the wrong way.  Other than that the stand collapses very small into the black bag that came with it.
