It is a nice strap.  It takes care of business just fine.  I wish I could have found a more colorful style, but all I could find on line was black.  But it's a very good strap.
This strap is comfortable, has plenty of room to expand it to fit, and is just wide enough to continue to be comfy around you.  Perfect for uke or mandolin or banjolele, and even the extra thin travel ukes.  I really like it!
I have had trouble finding uke sized straps and have often had to use the larger guitar straps. This fits just right and looks just right.  It's well made and not too expensive.  I just wish I had found them before buying all those guitar straps.
I ordered this strap to use with both my concert & tenor ukes.  It just works.I already owned a ukulele leash-type thing that required me to poke my arm through a loop at one end and then put a hook in the uke's sound hole or tie it off to the head. The problem, of course is that if you just let go of the uke it still falls away from your body (sometimes disastrously).  With a strap like this one, you can completely let go of your uke & it stays perfectly in place. Chord changes & strumming become easier when you don't have to concentrate so much on clamping the thing to your body or supporting the neck.This is a nice size strap, not to wide not to narrow.  The length is easily adjusted to work with a variety of uke (and uke player) sizes. It does require at least one button on the bottom of the uke. The other end of the strap can be tied to the head with the included string if you like to do it that way. In my case I installed two buttons - more convenient and the strap doesn't interfere with my chord-hand. Here are the buttons I used:Strap ButtonsIf the thought of installing buttons makes you hesitant, put your fears aside. It can be done quickly & easily and the end result is well worth it. Here's an entertaining how-to video that will walk you through it: (...)
but I keep thinking it is going to interfere with tuning at the nutwill be trying to get more use in.
A well-designed strap that looks and works really nice. I'd say it's a little expensive. They should cut the price down by at least 1/3 and it would be a 5 star rating.
I looked at a lot of different straps before ordering this one.  I hesitated a bit because I couldn't find anywhere that they specified the width, but it was a good price, so I took a chance.  It's about one and a half inches wide, by the way.  I'm very happy with it and I like that it has the flexibility to attach one end to either the headstock or a button.  I can't think of any negatives, it's a nice, functional, non-flashy strap that does it's job well, and it's wide enough that it doesn't feel like it's digging into my shoulder.
