Still using it today, 2 years later.
For years I've used the super-cheap "rake hangers" you can get at hardware stores - the metal "U" coated in rubber, with the heavy-duty screw end.  These are fine, except that some guitars don't want to fit, and recently when trying to widen the mouth of one the weld failed and so the "U" detached from the screw part.Well, that got me to thinking that I should find a better solution for hanging my guitars.  The thing is, I hate overpaying for things.  To me, $15-20 is way too much for a guitar hanger.  Sure, it's important to have something solid to hold our "babies", but I want to feel like I'm getting some value.I bought 2 of these hangers, and they're rock-solid.  As others have said - put some good screws into a stud, don't bother with the hassle of the drywall anchors provided.  I just used some 2" drywall screws.  I like the simplicity of the metal plate that the yoke is attached to.  The U is easy to adjust for width, the retainer rings slide on very easily, and I've tried both acoustic and electric guitars and all hang away from the wall.No complaints - these are great, the quality seems excellent and $9 seems just about right to me.
I have an older version of this model, but it works great.  I opted to use more heavy weight wall anchors that I got from Home depot.  2 hangers rated to hold up to 75 lbs each equals 150 lbs worth of peace of mind!  The hanger itself that I bought was used, so it was already assembled, so I can't comment too much on the assembly process.  I bought 2 of them, and each holds my precious basses with tender care and worry-free security!  And no, I don't own stock in the company!  :-)
I actually have five of these for the various instruments, mostly bass guitars but also an acoustic and a solid-body electric.When mounted properly to studs - the only way I have mounted these - they are very, very solid. While in a nice package with instructions and hardware for wall board fasteners, I used longish brass wood screws to studs for appearance and strength. You do see the ends of the screws used after install is complete, and to me a brass screw looks great with this &#34;flat black&#34; model.The CC11 model -- this one -- works well with any kind of guitar including bass or acoustic. There are variants for other instruments, but a relatively wide range will be held securely by this unit. The yoke width is adjustable, and a combination of slope and two keeper rings prevent the instrument from coming off the holder.Recommended...but do consider you means of mounting carefully.
easy to install, holds the guitar away from the wall somewhat, and keeps it off of the floor away from the animals when I have it out of the case. great find, well worth the purchase price. :)
I decided I wanted to hang my guitars on my walls instead of having them take up space via floor stands. Just find a stud and drill in the screws they'll hold just fine. I'm really bad when it comes to stuff like this so I had my brother help me. Just make sure you know what you're doing because I thought I did when I really didn't at all.The wall hangers look really nice in person, and they keep the guitars held in place very nicely/safely. The only thing you should have to do extra after purchasing and installing these is creating a makeshift wallpad for behind where the guitar is hung; if something happens that makes it hit the wall, it won't damage the guitar or the wall.This is as legit as it gets if done right, though; I've had my guitars hung via String Swing for months and I've had no problems or concerns. I am very pleased with the cheap alternative to floor stands. It saves room and makes the room look cooler.
its cheap and the quality its great cant complain. i will be buying more of this in the future for other guitars.
I used this on the side of a wooden bookshelf for my ukulele.  It's attractive.  It's well made. It's fork is a tad large for the ukulele  It has rubber o-rings that slide, so I can bring them in and the uke does fit then.  But then, even the three inch deep uke is close to the bookcase (or wall, if you use it there).  The uke hits when I put it in the hanger, so I put a felt pad where the uke body hits the bookcase.Many uke players simply nail a single nail in the wall and use a loop off string from it around the uke head and tuners.  This is much less expensive, holds very well, is even more low profile than this hanger, and never drops a uke. Consider it for your needs.I'd not buy another of these for a ukulele.  It likely works fine for a guitar, though.I deducted one point for the fact that, even though it's adjustable (the o-rings), and advertised for ukes, it doesn't work well for them.  And it's heavy and not stylish, in my opinion.  I have the Hercules wall hanger (mechanical gripper) for my electric guitars, and it's fabulous (for guitars; overkill for lightweight ukuleles, maybe).Hercules Stands Wallmount Guitar Hanger GSP39WBUpdate 9/7/11: the more I use it, the less I like it.  I find that friction tuner ukuleles do not fit on it well at all, and the tuners hit the fork and it can make your uke out of tune.  So, for small instruments (you'd have to try it yourself with mandolins and banjos), this is atrocious.  For guitars, it's not as good as Hercules.
Easy to mount, solid grip on guitar. Only detractor would be that, with my guitar at least, it hangs kind of far from the wall. This obviously is a factor of what you hang from it though. An acoustic would clear the wall nicely, my solid body electric sits a few inches away from the wall.Silicone coating on forks and retaining bands get a good grip on the guitar, without marring even soft wood.I very much prefer this to having it on one of the 'accident waiting to happen' stands on the floor.
Very nice product great quality.  I ordered three to start was not sure if I wanted to trust my Guitars to them.  Arrived installed in minutes they come with plastic toggles to screw into drywall I chose to hit studs.  Rubber washers come with to size for different necks.  If you are going to mount off a stud I strongly suggest using an aftermarket high quality toggle  made from steel.  Very happy going to order more.
very good item if you are a musician you need it! cool for any bass, guitar and any instrument that fit into the hanger
Will hold any guitar that I've seen. It holds the guitar on the wall safely without having to worry about it falling. It's also very easy to install. It's a great price; and it's definitely worth the investment. Not only do you not have to have your guitars on the ground, but you save space putting them on the walls, and not only that, but it make any room look even better.
This thing works great and it looks very stylish with the guitar hanging on the wall.  This also keeps it away from the kids who always seem to want to play it.  Very good idea and holds it perfectly.
Purchased two of these to hang up guitars at home.  I saw them used in a guitar shop so I assumed they were more than sufficient for use at home. I'm using them with both acoustic and electric guitars. They appear to be designed to hang the guitar away from the wall to avoid abrasions on the back and they do just that. The hooks can be stretched apart or squeezed together to fit the headstock of the guitar.  Overall, they are attractive, well-made hangars.
I love these string swings!  My guitars are now out of their cases and up for display.  I have 3 in my home:  2 for guitars and 1 for a ukulele...and I'm planning on buying 25 of them for my school ukulele program.  They look great up on the wall.
I love these things. They hold your guitars in place and make this storage solution a nice decoration in the process!
Holds my acoustic 6 string great. Up and out of the reach of a baby just learning to walk, wife also things it looks attractive on the wall as an art piece. Quality product at a good price.
This a very clever idea. It helps save floor space in your rooms, and it helps cover empty wall space. Very easy to take off/put on. High recommend this to any stringed-instrument players.
The mounting process was simple.Recommendation:  Buy a cheap magnetic stud finder if you don't already have one.  You don't want your instrument plummeting to the floor!I got a stud finder off Amazon and mounted two of these hangers.  They're holding up very well. The backs of the guitars are practically flush with the wall.  Whether that's a good thing...is up to you.  I guess I don't have to worry about it potentially swinging into the wall as much if it were bumped.  So maybe it is a good thing.Be careful when you hang it though.  It could definitely hit the wall if you don't place it on the hanger carefully.
it can hold the weight of any of my guitars. its easy to install and i guess its cheap. it doesnt always come with the screw covers but that doesnt really matter
I bought 2 of these and hung 2 fender strats on my wall.  Comes with all the mounting screws and anchors needed to mount properly.  Couldn't be happier with this product.
