The Dunlop Guitar Fingerboard Kit arrived very quickly and was put to the test immediately.  I am pleased with the product.  It makes my guitar look new again.  I will definitly look into their other products.  Thanks to Amazon for the quick service.
I wasn't quite sure what to expect but have a few old guitars with pretty weathered looking fingerboards.  I figured I'd give this a try.  I am so glad I did.  I could not believe how much residue was on the rag after I cleaned the fret board, yuk.  Then I used the 02 treatment product to treat it and it really brought out the natural color.  I'd like to say it looks like new, but the guitar is a 1967 so that would be a stretch.But it looks a heck of a lot better, almost new.  I used it on one of my less valuable acoustics, but it's still a '67 USA made Fender.  I have such faith in this that I'm going to do my '77 Gibson acoustic next.Then I have a couple of electrics I will do when I change strings on them.  This stuff is great.
Nice little kit. it has 800 grit sandpaper in it, I hadn't noticed that in the listing, maybe I overlooked it. I had just bought some 600 grit at homedepot and used on the neck of a used guitar that had been neglected for nearly a decade. The 600 made it glassy smooth again (wet sanding) - I used this instead of the 800 that came with the package and it worked well for me.I had made the mistake of waxing my fretboard with carnuba wax after reading about it on a chat board. Big mistake it deadened the sound terrible. I was miserable, my guitar sounded like s***.After 20 minutes with this kit and a new set of strings and Bob's your uncle, good as new. I'm going to use this everytime I change strings on all my guitars.Nice little kit, I might even get around to using the 800 grit paper that came with it one of these days. Works a charm on acoustic guitars, haven't tried it on the electric guitars yet.
This product is a must for anyone with a rosewood fretboard guitar. My fretboard hasn't been cleaned/oiled in 15 years so it was extremely dry. The cleaner removed visible grime, the polish cloth shined up the frets, but most importantly, the oil returned the fretboard to a deep beautiful color and feel. I am very pleased with the product.
Bought this to use on my 1962 Strat Reissue. After a year or so of playing the rosewood fretboard become a little dried out and rough, of course covered with 100+ hours of grime and sweat. This kit has everything you need to make your guitar feel, look, and play like new. I put new strings on after using this and man! Felt just like the day it arrived from the factory. Can slide and play much smoother with this. Serious speed improvement.
I bought my new guitar and wanted to keep it in great shape.  I guess this kit works okay, but it's hard to use.  It will probably last my entire lifetime.  I think a smaller kit would have been better.  You really need to remove the strings when you use it, so you have to take off all the strings.  I usually only replace one string at a time when I am changing strings, so I had to change my habits.  If you have a guitar without a truss rod, that may mean you will take a lot more time tuning after you're done changing the strings, since the neck will bend more as you tighten the strings one at a time, and that will change the pitch of the strings you have already tuned.  I'm no expert, but I have a gut feeling that this was not money well spent.  However, since I love my guitar, I use it anyway.
I cleaned and oiled the fretboard on my straocaster the day after I received the product. The cleaning product worked very nicely but the oil was hard to get out through the applicator. The fretboard turned out nicely though so I decided to give it a 4 instead of a 3. I have to say though that I believe a big bottle of eye glass cleaner to clean the fretboard with and a good furniture polish would work just as well. Since you only use a small amount the kit will last a long time so it isn't a bad buy. Just remember it isn't recommended for a maple fretboard and could damage it. If you want to use this type of product then I recommend this one.
Has everything you need to keep fretboard in condition.Works well,Seems to hold up well also(treatment lasts for awhile...)Emery cloth for polishing frets is nice,worth $20.00,for sure.....
