The instructions could be written much better but I really like having one of these, in fact, I'll probably get a second one to tie to the first one so I can include more instruments.I guarantee, if you get one of these, you'll have a hard time leaving it alone. You can even work it into your live performances.
You may have experienced the problems of musicians. The drummer is drunk and the rhythm guitar is late. But you need to rehearse. This gets the job done, you can lay down rhythm lines and drum lines and get the sound you want. The thing to remember is that whatever effect you are using for the lead, will kick in on any recording playback as they use the same input jack. Otherwise, easy and a great product. The best is, that if you are playing really poor lead work, nobody can hear but you! lol.
I play bass,...and have for 40 years.  One thing I've come to like a lot about playing music on my instrument is the development of various kinds of sound effects, effects pedals, etc.  Laying down a 'track' or musical run of notes, then building another one over the top of that, and then another, and another once was only able to be done in a studio.  Now, with my Boss RC-3, I can do it any time I want.  In rehearsal it is absolutely wonderful... I can get a couple of rhythm lines going, then have the ability to begin developing a bass lead line to suit,...or play along to develop my 'chops',...whatever is warranted.  This pedal, like other Boss pedals I've purchased, is made to last longer than you (kind of kidding), the electronics have been engineered with nothing but precision and control, and the pedal will do all the manual says it will.  Best bet, watch a few YouTube videos showing its use by a number of musicians.  That helps you understand a lot,...then like me you can buy one and it will bring you playing pleasure for certain.
The Boss RC-3 Loop Pedal is great for playing guitar in a band, or with friends, but also a big help practicing. It comes with 10 pre-set rhythm tracks but the real fun is laying down your own chord sequences with your guitar and then being able to play lead guitar over that rhythm loop with just a quick stomp on the pedal. It makes practicing etc. a lot of fun and meaningful. I haven't figured out all the possibilities yet - and probably never will - but it is a cool pedal to have. Like all Boss pedals, it's as sturdy as a little truck.
I've read some complaints about this unit.  Maybe those folksshould shell out an additional $300 for something better.To the rest of you, with the 99 storage units, this is a great tool.My band, I to be exact, uses this to store backing tracks for songswe play.  For instance, one of our songs has a difficult drum track.I just loaded the whole pre-recorded track into a slot.Or, one of our songs has a train whistle in the background.  I loadedthe effect into a slot.Or, another song we do needs birds tweeting and children laughingand playing in the background.  I recorded the track and loaded it intoa slot.Basically any instrument or sound effect accompaniment you need, butdon't have someone else to play it, you can play it back using this device.
Another great Roland product.  Really easy to use and well built .... very good sound.  great for practice.  Certainly do not get the RC 2  ... get this RC 3 model for the memory banks and ability to store the banks later...I did think of getting the larger ones but those are just way to big... Check for sales or demos
