This saved med at least $40 instead of getting a traditional pre-amp. Best invention ever!! Also portable. Downside is that is plastic and does seem fragile but I keep it with the condenser mic and all the fragile stuff.
Never really intended to use this in a professional setting so the noise issue is not that big of a deal. Just wanted a simple device that could fit in my backpack to interface with my laptop for impromptu interviews and music recordings. For the price paid, it's very cheap and lightweight plastic construction leaves much to be desired. Overall, I can not recommend this product at the current price it's sold at. 15 to 20 dollars, then sure. Still, it's an OK product.
I was a little concerned after reader some of the reviews here, but the warranty, Blue's reputation, and Amazon customer service convinced me to give it a try. And in general, I'm pretty satisfied with it. Using it with one of my Oktava MK-301 microphones I get excellent sound, no hum, and so far, excellent reliability. I'm using it with Audacity and a few other programs, none of which have any difficulty recognizing it. There were some issues setting it up initially, and I'm a bit leery about the plastic construction, but for what I paid I think it's a good value. For those thinking of using it in field recording- stick it inside a carrying bag, and tape the cable to it to prevent stressing the USB connector. You shouldn't have any problems.
I use this with my Audio Technica condensor. Works great for home recordings hooked up to garageband on macbook pro for rough recordings. Its super simple to use and has a dial for the gain. It's not bulky which is a nice.
I have little doubt that the Blue Icicle will get the job done with a Shure SM-58, or similar "dynamic" microphone.  But its claim that it will convert any "condenser" mic, even one that normally requires XLR connection and phantom power, into a "plug 'n play" USB mic should not be taken at face value.  I say this because I have an acquaintance with the original Audio Technica AT2020 Condenser mic who had intermittent and marginal success when he tried such a conversion.  In the long run, he would have been ahead (in terms of both the conversion and saving a few bucks) by purchasing the AT2020 USB mic.  As it is, the Blue Icicle is probably the best such converter on the market (the comparably priced LightSnake cable will not convert condenser mics, despite what you may have read).  So, if necessary, give it a try--and more than one.  But make sure there are return privileges.
This transfers my XLR mic to my USB laptop. Simply plug it in and find the right drivers. My only issue is that the device would be better if they made it with a more durable plastic. It does seem like it can break easily. Thankfully I will never have to move it around much on my desk. All in all, it works and I am pleased.
