These tuning machines are great.They are a little heavier than the stock tuners on my guitars but they help keep your guitar in tune as intended.I needed the tuners replaced on an Applause (Ovation copy) guitar (the bushings fell out of one of the tuners and it became really floppy and refused to stay in tune)and a Washburn guitar. They fit on my Washburn and my Applause perfectly with zero need to ream or drill.The tuner hole size is .391 or 25/64 and of course if your hole size is smaller you must either use a drill or tuner reamer (yes a tuner reamer is a real tool just look at a place like Stewart MacDonald). You may be required to pre-drill for the screws that go through the back of the tuner.It is only one hole and very small.The vendor was quick in sending these tuners but there was no way to trace the package and it became difficult to receive it due to the fact it had to be signed for.The run around at the post office of getting it re-sent was ridiculous.The vendor should try to provide a tracking number so customers can avoid all of the back and forth and have an estimate as to when the package will arrive.
These things are heavy duty and thick.  The stock ones they replaced are so wimpy next to these things.  Quality devices.
Put a set of these on my Rogue Grand Concert, now the guitar stays in tune beautifully! Worth every penny!
I placed these on my usa made ovation baladeer. Stays in tune well and does a better job than the stock Ping tuners. This is the industry standard and you wont be disqppointed. To those who say it doesnt stay in tune should have their guitar's bridge checked as flaws in the bridge can cause problems in tuning.
I bought these to replace the stock machine heads that came on my Hondo II "The Paul", which I bought in 1980. The stock ones were loose, lots of backlash in the worm gears, and the guitar kept going out of tune even after the strings were fairly stretched out but still new.They went in easily, if you follow this hint( if your machine head holes do not need to be enlarged, disregard this hint)- The holes for the old machine heads on the Hondo II were 0.305" in diameter, and these new Grovers need a 0.390" diameter hole. So I had to find an accurate and clean way of enlarging the holes. It's almost impossible to use a drill, even in a drill press, without splintering the wood on both surfaces of the headstock. I read online suggestions about using a round wood file, and reamer, etc.. So what I did was first use a threading tap( for metal screw threads) which at the bottom had a 0.290" diameter, and at the top had a 0.375" diameter. This is a standard 3/8"-24 threading tap. I chucked the tap into my battery-powered hand drill, set to low speed, and used the threading tap to cleanly and carefully enlarge the headstock holes to 0.375" in diameter. Then I used a tapered reamer, from both sides, to enlarge the holes to the required diameter. Quick, clean, easy. If you have a different size enlargement to make, use the appropriately sized taps and a tapered reamer to get the holes to 0.390" diameter.Another hint which you should follow is to replace only one machine head at a time, like when changing strings. You don't want to take the tension off the neck and mess around with the truss rod. At least I don't want to!Now the guitar stays in tune, and is easier and more accurate to tune.A very worthwhile upgrade! Zero backlash in the worm gears on the Grovers, beautifully chromed and smooth as silk.
Best tuners you can buy.  Can't say much else.  Bought these to replace some gold ones on a Les Paul clone.
I just installed these on my Chibson LP from overseas. I had to rout out the holes a bit and make them ever so slightly larger.. I took a slightly larger drill bit and turned it backwards, not forwards, by hand slowly, until it was perfect. I also put some blue masking tape on the headstock just in case I slipped. Took me about 1.5 hours.The ones that came with my guitar were really close to these in appearance. Really close, but they were terrible in operation. I have no problems spending the 50 on these to improve the guitar. Haven't played them yet, but all the reviews were good, so here goes.....Update:  Played for a couple hours. First thing I notice is that they are geared lower than the old Chibsons and the other tuners on my other guitars.. You tune it a full turn, and the tune moves up slightly. Which is plenty of nice fine tuning adjustment.This fixed the Chibson tuning issue. I'll order another set for my other Chibson.Also, I have two Epiphones. I believe these are nicer than the Epi's.So I bought based solely on the reviews here. I wasn't disappointed. In fact, I am pretty impressed. good replacement for "iffy" tuners. They worked for me...
