the cables are great for the price cant go wrong I have not used them for a long time but so far no problems i ordered 6 more cables.don't buy this cables they keep failing, cheap material with WHAT I SPENT ON THEM YOU COULD BUY A COUPLE DECENT ONES
These are nicely made and the one I bought is working well. I'm very happy with it and will buy more as I need more.
It is a  nice cable for the money seams to be made well. Looks like it is holding up so far.
For the price these can't be beat. At this price it doesn't hurt to have a spare one or two on hand for the inevitable emergency
I buy this cable for my dj system and work great. i used a lot of time with my karaoke
NOT high quality, but definitely useable and worth the 6 bucks. Ends are not too bad and it works for what it is.
good cable doesn't tangle very good ends
The Cable is good and normal . good price and works well. The rubber over the connecting ends tend to pull back and I have to push them in place all too often.
I've kinda forgot I even bought this, it's just another cable in the mess of cables I already have! But it works fine, never had any problems with it. I think it's going through a cheap microphone I have, so It shouldn't be put through any conditioning. I think it would do fine in a live setting as well.
These are descent quality cables. Great price, I own many of these. Just a good, basic, cable. Love the price, and they shipped quickly.
Sold, great quality XLR Mic. It's pretty hard to mess these up. People often build their own, but when they're this cheap, why go through the trouble?
I have finally learned my lesson.I have purchased a number of these over the last year or two.. and previously had the same opinion as reviewers that say "good for static applications" as the cable conductors are prone to breakage, even along the length of the cable, not just at the connectors...But they are dirt cheap so i figured that was ok.But now, after recently buying and installing a cable from a mic in a sound booth to a digital mixer I checked it out and it seemed to work.A week later an acoustic duet came to record and the mic cable made the singer sound like she was singing behind a curtain.. yup..the cable.So by all means buy these on price, but when you get your items..please fully check them out.. a simple "does it work yes/no" is clearly not good enough, as i learned
I'm using four of these for Podcasting - they seem just a tiny bit flimsy but for my purposes where they will be gently used I am completely happy.
This cable is great for XLR microphones or DI-boxes.  They are clean of any electrical noise and appear to be good quality.
Seems to be made well, length was perfect for my application and there have been no problems with functionality or connectivity using the cable.  These make great and affordable mic cables.  Not much else to say, it works and looks well made.  Definitely recommend it.
For the price this product is ideal.  I find myself wishing I had ordered more.  It is perfect for the home studio and is budget friendly.  I shall  probably get three or four more.
Cable worked fine, but the strain relief for the cable end came out when I took it out of the package. You can even see it on the left in the picture that it's crooked because there's barely anything holding it in, so it provides no protection for the cable. Signal seems fine, so if you're not going to use it or move it around alot, it works. If you're going to be gigging with it, I'd get something with a real strain relief.
Good quality cable. Actually much better than I expected for the price. I don't move around much, so I don't know about how rugged it would be out on the road, but the cable is flexible and should stand up to a lot of rolling and unrolling.
Would not hesitate to purchase this item.  I like the flexibility of this microphone cable.  An easy item to recommend for the price paid.
it's 6 bucks so I didn't expect a lot from it, but it works as advertised.  not sure how long the connectors will last though as they do look to be lower quality.  the cable wire is rubber coated and is easy to roll and store, the wire is very thin.
I;ve ahd this cable pair for more than 2 years and have had no problems with them at all. I used them with both dynamic and condenser microphones.Here are their key points:+ Good quality construction.+ Secured heads.+ VERY long cable.+ NO signal problems.+ Overall great cable.+ Buy with confidence.
cable works perfect no defects, cystal clear sound, constructed well, use them in the studio, no noticiable problems, do not know how road worthy they are because I am a studio rat and not performer.
Bought this to replace my 10 ft mice cable.  Now i have plenty of cable to set up anyway i want.
I don't use it for any heavy use.  I use it for podcasting purposes.  Haven't had any problems.  So I can't speak to really heavy use of the product.
Be careful; I have a small recording studio, so we put our cables through a lot, and these guys just don't last. They were fine for the first few months, but then they started to die like a murder mystery. Seriously, one after another they would just go, for no apparent reason.Fine one second, and then it would just go horribly staticky. I actually had two blow at one time, and thought my PA was shot. Thankfully, it was just these cables. NOT GOOD. Spend a little extra on another brand. These have been my favorite:GLS Audio 25ft Cable Cords
What can I say? It's a mic cable haha. It's a great cable for the price. It sounds good, and seems to be very durable. It's not a monster cable, but considering its 1/5 of the price, I can't complain.
I ordered this as a spare and at this time, I haven't used it.  My microphone came with it's own cable and this was for a &#34;What if&#34; situation.  I gave it 4 stars on just expectation.
Just as good as any 20' XLR out there.Considering I spent $6.00 for it,it rules! Will buy more when needed.
works well when jumping or combining your system with XLR's  for noise  and clear sound. ease in connecting and reconnecting system
