I like this bag, though it is slightly different from the bag that is pictured.  It's a bit too big for my tenor uke, it's most probably made for a baritone uke.All in all a good value for the money!
Had I known what I was getting I would never have ordered it.  There are gig bags and there are gig bags.  I've ordered and used inexpensive guitar gig bags.  I expected more. This one offers almost no protection.  The only reason I have not returned it yet is that the return shipping will leave little to refund, but may end up returning it anyway.It *did* fit my Kala KA-TG with room to spare.
This is my second Makala gig bag. The first was a smaller size for my MK-C concert uke, the second was the one above that I purchased for my Oscar Schmidt Tenor OU6.My OU6 actually came with an O.S. logo'd gig bag included, but while I love the uke the bag was PA-thetic. Single layer of fabric providing no protection. After comparing that bag to the one for my Makala uke, I came straight to this page and ordered another Makala bag.Why do I like this bag better? Its multiple layers provide some padding and protection for the uke inside.  You can carry it around, set it down, let it roll around the back seat of your car (a little) without blemish to your instrument.  As good as a hard case?  Of course not. But very good for a bag.I also like the fact that there's no logo on the outside. I can buy a decent bag and put whatever uke I want inside. That was a disappointment for another reviewer, for me it's a plus.What don't I like?  The dorky pad around the handle.  Both my concert & tenor bags had the handle pad and the first project for both was to remove it.  It's not as if the uke inside weighs so much you need a special pad for the handle!  And it just looks better without it.
The construction, fabric, color and padding are all A-1. This is a super bag! My precious uku will always be protected and look good too.
I bought this under the impression that it was a soprano gig bag. I know it says tenor (now that I look at it) but since I put soprano gig bag into the amazon search I figured I would be getting only soprano bags... Anyway it doesn't seem much more then a normal gig bag. Yes it has the pocket for your extra strings and what not. Not sure how well it holds a tenor since I don't have one. Mine is black not the almost purple the image shows...
