Although this light is a little pricey in my opinion, it really gets the job done. I do like the fact that you can use batteries or a/cadapter to power the light. The nine led's really light up my music stand. The carrying case that comes with it is well made & makestransportation & keeping it stored easy.R. Joyner
That's why I got this...I needed light without the heat!  It works fine.  Just sorry it's a little pain to keep taking battery out if I want to use the AC connection.  Other than that, it's fine, and pretty well constructed.  Seems to take a few bangs without problems!
I have used the Manhasset orchestra light, and this is definitely an improvement, it distributes a nice soft light evenly through the whole page, unlike the Manhasset light which tends to be rather uneven.  It illuminates my entire largeManhasset M54 Regal Conductor's Music Standquite well by itself.Having said that, for a 40 bucks light, it feels rather flimsy to me. In both construction and light brightness, it does not compare well with traditional clamp or desk lights, all of which are usually much cheaper (the issue being mainly the light switch, the jury is out about the clamp, though it seems strong). Of course, as an orchestra light, it couldn't be much brighter without defeating its intended purpose, I am just pointing out that I feel it isn't worth 40 dollars, when you consider the whole field of similar lights (those not intended for orchestra).I bought this because of reputation and reviews, but it should probably cost the same as its closest competitor, theRechargeable Music Stand LED Light Clip-on 9 LEDS with Adapter.  That one has the same negative issues as this light, but at a much more acceptable $18.99 plus free shipping.One more thing, you should ignore the "Frequently Bought Together" suggestion to get theMighty Bright 80910 Bright Light Cradlefor this light.  I bought it, and can confirm they are totally incompatible, and anyways, this light has a huge clamp which can be used to carefully balance the light on a desk without clamping, if desired.
Nice bright light.  I have the might bright twin lights, and have used them for about 4 years. As with many things, I'm a little older now and need a little more light to read the sheet music.  This light comes in a very nice soft case (though they call it a bag) that holds everything. The switch is conveniently located on top of the light. The clamp is very well constructed and is less likely to move...unlike my twin lights.
Let me start off saying that you cannot go wrong buying any of the series of Mighty Bright music stand lamps.  The Orchestra lamp in particular is a fantastic product.  It provides plenty of smooth, even light and is sleek in design.  And the carrying case makes it very portable.  Fits best on flat metal, and has a tight clamp.  I have a portable stand which does not have a flat metal base...so I used a sturdy piece of foam board to clamp to...works great.  The unit uses three AA batteries. I started off using 3  batteries and they do work but light drops off within about four hours.  I prefer to use the 13 foot adapter cord.  I am an older person who has old eyes. Sometimes lower C and lower A look alike.  Mighty Bright Orchestra Light to the rescue!  The clip is also much larger than the image would let you believe; however, the base is curved to allow your music to easily lay on top.Some comments have indicated that when plugging the AC adapter into the base apparently did not disconnect the batteries as expected. The unit I purchased does disconnect the batteries upon insertion of the power cord into the clip. To confirm this on your unit: (1) DISCONNECT the AC adapter from the wall and from the light, (2) load batteries into the clip, and turn on the light, finally (3) with the AC adapter STILL DISCONNECTED from the wall outlet, plug the cable into the base. The light should go out. If it doesn't, your unit is not isolating the batteries from the AC adapter, and may present a fire hazard if the batteries are installed when the AC adapter is plugged in.
I bought this because I had a gig in a dark bar.  I used this on my music stand on the lowest setting and it worked perfectly.  For some songs I have three sheet of paper (which overlapped about an inch) and the light covered all three pages easily with no dark spots.  I can't imagine in what situation I would ever need to use the brighter setting. I was thinking of getting the cheaper/smaller version, but didn't want to risk it not covering three pages. The gig bag is a square and softly padded. There is a lot of dead space in the bag and no support in those empty areas or the corners so I don't expect much protection for the light or adapter.  Treat the light like it has no bag and you'll be fine.  They include 3 batteries (I didn't see them until I pulled out the adapter for this review) to get you started using the light, but the adapter works well and has a very long cord so if you are using the adapter at a gig you shouldn't have to worry about it making it to your power supply.
I've owned a half-dozen LED music stand lights over the years. This one puts them all in the shade (pun intended; sorry).The 9-LED bar spreads the light well in a wide fan pattern. The light is concentrated in the desired area and doesn't spread everywhere like it does with incandescent lights. The little fin at the back of the light is very good in keeping it from being an annoyance to other musicians when it's pointed back at the music. The light is two-level: normal and BRIGHT! Normal is plenty good enough for shows in a darkened theater. The fact that the light is white rather than the yellow typical of stand-light bulbs is a definite plus. If you need to put a color filter over it, you don't have to worry about a hot bulb melting holes in the filter. The light spread is so smooth and consistent that I don't have to waste time maneuvering the heads to find the optimum light pattern like is necessary with two-head stand lights.The gooseneck is reasonably stiff and should hold up well. The included AC adapter has a much longer cord than typical for these lights. The included zipper case is fairly big and bulky, but will squash down as much as possible in an instrument case or bag. It has a pocket inside the upper part for batteries, a clip attachment for the light base and elastic holders for the top of the light, and a small pocket for the AC adapter. It's hard to fit the adapter cable back into the pocket, but there's plenty of room for it in the case. I don't know about battery life yet, but at least they include a pack with the light just like they included the AC adapter (usually an optional purchase).This light is a bit large compared to other LED stand lights, but it's so good that I don't really care. I've gotten years of service from Mighty Bright lights, and I expect the same from this. Even if this one doesn't last, I'll keep buying more.
Excellent stand light. Provides a cool, bright, clean white light and will cover three or four pages.A  &#34;must-have&#34; if you play in pits or other dimly-lit venues.Get it!
