I have been using this gig bag for the past few months. If I do the math, I probably didn't use it more than 10 times, basically from home to the subway, from the subway to the studio and back, so maybe 20 minutes walk each time. So I used it for about 3 hrs and 20 minutes, mostly carrying it on my shoulders, sometimes by one of the two handles.Then the side handle started coming apart: the seam ripped on the side and the handle will eventually fall off if used. It will be OK for a while until the shoulder straps start breaking (which I kind of expect at this point!). Meanwhile I'm going to buy another (sturdier) gig bag.Save your money and get something better than this.
Honest for cost it's 5 star, but I got 2, and 1 handle was slightly mismolded, rubber groove is a little off... But in no way matters.  Just kinda ok really now I can tell them apart by feel.This is a nice heavy Cordura (like military spec heavy) with self repairing zippers (standard kind) and totally adequate pad, soft nylon lined, and bonus pockets... 3.  Nice build, PVC piping on pocket edges, adequate pad backpack straps for any acoustic weight.  Heavy rubber feet for standing it up, give a 1/2" of  wet ground protection if needed.For the price of 1 many other brands, I got 2,And for what most folks expect they are great.
This thing is crap right out of the box it had holes in the stitching and all the pockets were sown on crooked. What can you expect for $20 tho. This was a temporary solution I don't recommend this for long term use it will probably fall apart.
For my first gig bag its ok. I since then bought a new alvarez acoustic electric which i will be buying a hard case simply because the build quality and protection isnt there in a padded case. I have had this padded bag for a year now with light use and edges are starting to tare and rip. Also i am concerned that the zippers might get stuck and break at any moment. I will be replacing this with a hard cases as soon as i buy one for my alvarez.
Just got three of these in today and compared one to a used Fender standard (one strap) bag I also got in at the same time.The Chromacast has thicker padding that is covered with cloth on the inside while the Fender does not go thisextra step. The Chromacast also has many more pockets.The specs on the Fender and Chromacast do not back up reality, as the Fender advertizes 12mm padding, and the Chromacast advertizes 10mm padding. Someone is not telling the truth here, and I think it is Fender.This is a good medium class gig bag, that falls somewhere in between a dust bag (like the Burswood) and a Deluxe 20-22mm padded bag.The only thing the bag is missing, is a hanger on the back which the Fender does have.Chromacast should get rid of the plastic (expensive) hand grip on the front of the bag and just sew on a hanger on the back like everyone else.This bag is good for in house, and light use (no throwing it around) transport.If you are gigging, use a deluxe bag, or a hard case.At $20.00, this bag is a steal!
I had never heard of ChromaCast, but after buying this guitar bag, it's easy to understand why this bag is a top seller at Amazon.  It's relatively inexpensive, fairly well built, and features a number of zippered compartments of varying configurations, to store accessories.  The case is very convenient to carry, as it has a handle on the top, and a second handle on the side.  It also has a set of shoulder straps, for carrying the guitar on your back.  The quality of the nylon is decent enough, and there is a rubber pad on the bottom for protection and traction.  The amount of padding inside the bag is a little light, and the zippers might not be heavy duty, but for general use, this bag is hard to beat for value.Some have reported that the case is too small to accommodate an acoustic guitar, but I was able to insert my 4.8" high acoustic inside, with some room to spare.  I was so impressed by the quality of this bag, that I also boughtChromaCast's electric guitar bag, for just $17.
I recently won an Epiphone les paul specail and was in the market for a bag. This fits nicely and even offers a bit of protection. While I wouldn't say to drop it off the roof or run over it with your car... It does seem to do a nice job of protecting it from bumps on the road and such.
