I use this on my mandolin, it is easy to use once you have the trick of it, first this thing has a long end with eyelets on it (that the other reviewers fear will scratch the neck of their instruments), and a short end (designed to prevent said scratches). To use place the capo on your strings with the short end facing you, use your left thumb to hold it in place with the short end dangling just below your thumb, next loop the long end over the back of the neck using your right hand to pull it under the neck and then up toward your thumb, this will trap the short end under the long end and prevent the long ends eyelets from touching your instruments neck, now just rotate your left thumb out of the way so you can buckle the strap in place and you are all set.I prefer this capo over the other 2 I have because it is so tiny, barely  bigger than the first two joints of my pinkie, and yet it does the job it was designed for, its small size means I can toss it in my mandos hardcase storage box and forget about it till I need it.The only downside to this is that the elastic will eventually stretch to where it will no longer work, but then again at 5 bucks you can't have everything.
It's very small.  It's a fabric stretchy capo, the old type, that's quite difficult to stretch and make stay.  It's made with an end that you stretch the fabric over to connect to hold the capo, but the end isn't very long and I don't trust it to stay while playing for long.  I'll keep it as a spare, just in case, anyway.
it's hard to keep the loose end under the holes and since the holes are metal they can scratch the neck of the instrument. otherwise it's a good idea.
Old tech bungee type of capo.  Inexpensive and works well.  You have to remember that banjos don't have a lot of tension on the neck to they really don't require a vice to get the job done.  Works well on Mandolin's too.
I needed a small capo for my mandolin and so I purchased this little guy. Works great, though I have to put it on at that 1st fret and then move it up to where I need it.
Don't know what I expected for such a cheap price, but this product's quality is in line with its price. Also, the fit over my ukulele's fretboard is very tight, making it hard to put on and remove.
