This is a great value for a practice and travel instrument.(I got mine with free shipping)Built like an instrument, not a toy, it is an interesting crossover between a high strung guitar and ukelele. Fun to play, easy to take along, stays in tune well enough, and it's only a hundred bucks. I bet if you bought one you would like it.
I bought my Yamaha guitarlele about 2 years ago from Long & McQuade located in Canada.  It's the same as the one Amazon is selling here.  I teach classical guitar but have always loved the sound of ukulele.  My reason for buying this is because I don't have to learn how to play the ukulele and can play the guitarlele using the knowledge I already have - yea!It is very similar to a guitar in many important ways.  It has the same 6 strings tuned the same way.  However, and this is VERY important so please read carefully:  To get the best sound out of your new guitarlele you must tune each string up in pitch.  For example, let's take the 6th string (lowest) and tune it up to A instead of E.  Clip on your electronic guitar tuner and crank that string up a bit until the tuner reads "A".  It will be the same pitch as the actual 5th string on the guitar.So here's the breakdown on tuning each string:6th = A5th = D4th = G3rd = C2nd = E1st = AYou really need to to tune it this way because otherwise the strings are too floppy and you won't get that beautiful ukulele voice.  The action is very good and it will not be any harder to play.The instrument overall is fairly easy to play, especially in the lower positions.  I have trouble holding it because I'm used to holding a classical guitar so I always have to make adjustments to get used to it.  Barring chords especially higher up the neck is kind of tough because the frets are so close together so I usually play easier stuff.  Also, I have discovered that certain types of music really play well and others aren't so good.  Almost all Celtic music sounds great!  Christmas carols are lovely, but Spanish stuff doesn't sound so great, imho.  The instrument just doesn't have enough power to carry some types of music.  Blues are good, and very ancient sounding tunes like those that would have been played on a 4 course guitar from back around the 15th century sound really cool on the guitarlele.  It seems to be well constructed, the tuning gears work well, the action is good, frets are inserted straight and level so I really can't find anything to complain about, especially for the price.I would suggest keeping the tunes simple and have fun!  It's just like a little guitar with all the same strings and same number of frets. You will probably have to tie a strap on it to hold it in place but that's not absolutely necessary, especially for those of you who are accustomed to playing small stringed instruments.I took it camping over the summer and had a great time playing it around the campfire in the evenings, something I've always wanted to do!  I'm quite fond of my guitarlele and am going to purchase another for my daughter so that we can play duets together on them!  :DUPDATE 4.10.13-------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought another guitarlele (this time from Amazon) and it is exactly like the one I purchased a few years ago.  This one is for my daughter and she is having a delightful time playing it.  We've been playing guitarlele duets together and they sound great and is such a fun thing to do!
The Yamaha guitalele sounds absolutely beautiful. It's like a mini classical guitar, except the recommended tuning is A-D-G-C-E-A (A-D, followed by the standard G-C-E-A tuning on a 4-string Ukulele), but it can also be turned to E-A-D-G-B-E (standard tuning on a guitar).On the standard tuning for a guitar, however, the strings sound a little floppy. A reviewer suggested using an extra hard, high tension string like theD'Addario Extra Hard Tension Classical Guitar Stringsto get around the floppiness on the E-A-D-G-B-E turning. You can use a capo with this instrument. MyKyser Capoworks on it just fine.The guitalele measures 27-1/2" x 9" x 2-3/4" at their widest points. The construction quality on my copy is tiptop except for a minute area (where the neck meets the soundboard), which is lighter in color because it missed an application of wood stain (not a big deal really). The guitalele has a satin (non-glossy) finish, which is a lot less prone to the unsightly scratches a high-gloss finish might incur.The package includes a black nylon gig bag.For a high quality instrument that costs a tiny fraction of the price for a full-size guitar, the Yamaha Guitalele GL-1 is a good buy (just under a Ninety as of this writing).
Im a man on the move and am constantly away from home. I take this bad boy with me everywhere to satify my need to pick 6 strings.  great for takin to the beach or on the boat or to entertain yourself on long car rides.
I purchased this instrument brand new, on an impulse whim due to a managers-choice sale at a local music shop that I simply could not ignore.  It was brand new, unopened, in box.  They allowed me to examine it prior to purchase. In that environment I thought it a nice instrument.However, it can be difficult to properly examine an instrument in a busy store, and that store was VERY busy and noisy.  It's when you get it home and can examine it leisurely in peace and quiet that the details stand out.This is indeed a 6-string ukulele.  It measures a bit over 28" top to bottom and has the sound of a baritone uke.  I have heard throatier and more mellow instruments in the same price range.  The advantage to this of course is it's 6 string, so if you're a guitar player you can achieve the ukulele sound and portability without learning totally new fingering.... that is of course, until you realize that while it has 6 strings, it is not tuned like a guitar.  It's tuned to ADGCEA rather than EADGBE.  One cannot simply play guitar music on this instrument; all such music has to be transposed or new chord name recognition learned.  Being a total newbie to ukes, this was news to me until I got it home and read the instructions.  So my primary purpose in purchasing this-- to have a small portable guitar, hit a snag.Now that's not totally the end of the thing, because you can be a little inventive and use alternate string sizes to tune this to standard guitar tuning.  It takes a bit of experimentation but it is possible to set this up to standard guitar tuning if one doesn't mind buying a couple of string sets and playing mixup.  So all is not lost there.  It was just an unexpected surprise-- mainly because I didn't research the instrument prior to purchase (it's rare that I impulse buy).So tuning aside we get to the quality of instrument.  That's where the Yamaha really falls short.  This is an oil rather than a lacquer or shellac finish and in several places the oil was still visible and could be wiped away by hand.  There were a couple of glitches in the finish straight out of the box.  That this was a "rush job" out of a factory with no finish work at all was blatantly obvious.There are no strap pegs; those will require being added by hand (not difficult, but extra expense and time).The action is of course too high.  That's not unusual-- in truth it's quite common in off-the-shelf stringed instruments and came as no surprise.  But along with the other failures in workmanship it stood out here.However, the thing that bothers me the most:  if I wasn't aware this is a Yamaha Guitalele... I'd think it's was a cheap knock-off child's guitar.  There's not one thing about this instrument that says "quality"-- which is quite disappointing.  This instrument sells for about $100.  That low cost is obvious.  This is a "cheap guitar" in every way.  I can't honestly say it's a toy, but it reeks "beginner instrument".  The tuners are as cheap as they come,  the finish is cheap, there is no decoration, no protective edging. The finish is-- unfinished.I bought this solely based on the number of positive reviews here on Amazon-- and I respect those reviews.  People have different tastes and for some folks this has a "home made" feel that they will love.  However I've been playing guitar for (mumblety mumble) deca...uh... years and I know the difference between quaint and cheap.  I own two Ovation guitars, a Peavey electric bass, a hand-made violin and an Epiphone electric uke (which is of such higher quality it's not even a contest. And no I'm not hawking Epiphone.  Facts is facts, that's all.  You can read my very-positive review on the Epiphone on Amazon).When I got this  home and took a good look at it, I found no sign of quality or craftsmanship, nothing that said anything more than "this was made as cheaply and quickly as humanly possible".  In truth the only positive thing I have to say about it is that it does have a spruce top and the strings are of reasonably decent quality.Other than those two factors, one can find $40-$50 full-size guitars all over Amazon that equal or surpass this instrument in quality.  The only benefit this would offer is its smaller size and ukulele voice-- if someone particularly wants an inexpensive portable guitar tuned like a uke.  Other than its portability, I find no special merit in this and even at its relatively low price... consider it over-priced (or rather, under-made).One must grant it's largely a matter of personal taste and expectation.  But low quality is low quality.(Edit two weeks later:  I just today saw the Cordoba at a local store-- a direct competition to this instrument.  The Cordoba is MUCH nicer.  It's built better, has better sound, and is finished out much more nicely.  Sorry Yamaha, but facts is facts.  Had I seen the Cordoba and Yamaha side by side, I'd have bought and kept the Cordoba.)That's my honest review.  I know some will disagree.  But others know exactly what I mean.  This isn't an expensive instrument so one really can't expect super-fine quality at this price. However-- I paid about the same price for my electric uke and it is superb quality from top to bottom.  As mentioned, the Cordoba is a better instrument and costs the same.Fortunately the local merchant has a satisfaction guarantee and I was able to return it.  I simply cannot recommend this instrument unless there are no better options-- and frankly, there are.
This little Guitarlele is great - I have tuned to the standard E tuning of a guitar and it manages very well. It gives a gently subdued tone, that is perfect for playing any time, even accompanying music on the TV whilst the family are watching. I have had way more fun with this little guy in the last couple of weeks than I had with my twelve string in the last six months.Added info:Now that the tuning has settled down, it is keeping tune very well, with no need to retune during playing.The strings it came with are not the best though, they are wearing through all ready.
