Love this strap! It's a good quality strap and I have three of them. Being comfortable and basic you can let your imagine run wild! Just go browse a crafts store and see what you can find to make it YOURS. I can't let on what I've done to mine because...they are originals...but you can have a blast making a one of a kind of your own. Come on, we're artists so show off your creativity.
This is a very serviceable strap at a great price. I own five of them They last well and are as good as many higher priced straps.
This is a lower quality Leather StrapPros:CheapLeatherEasy adjustment designCons:Leather was low quality - rough and hard to the touchLeather had scrape marks on front and back of strapEyelits for attaching to guitar are not incredibly tight, , I need strap locks to feel safe with the strapLeather lacks give and is rough, rubs neck and shoulder and digs into flesh with heavier guitars or base.It is an OK strap... not great... but cheap
While not as soft and supple as suede straps, I am pretty sure this solid little strap will break in fairly well. The button holes were a little tight, but thats not a bad thing. It is definitely longer than a normal strap by a few inches and it smells nice to boot. It is fairly thin but that should help it break in quicker. All-in-all it's a good strap for the money, which wasn't much.
This is a nice leather strap, not thick, but very functional and nice looking.  I found it a bit uncomfortable with a heavyweight electric guitar, but should work just fine with an acoustic.
Planet Waves Classic Leather Guitar Strap Black is good product.It's soft and pretty, and looks nice with my Strat.Recommend it.
nice strap, i meant its just a basic strap, so its not gonna blow your mind or anything but its of very good quality from what i can tell so far. should last a while with good care.
This is a single layer fairly thick strap of sturdy leather with a suede back. At full price of 16.99, it is a solid deal. Any lower, and it is a steal. Leather straps are a little tricky to buy online; You can't feel it or see the exact one you are purchasing, and every piece of leather is different. Most of the time with leather straps, you get the quality you pay for. This one appears to be an exception to that rule. But if you are looking for buttery soft fine Corinthian leather with gold stitching, you need to understand that you'll have to pay more. If you want one made from Wild Buffalo Leather or Free Range Mastodon Hide, you'll need to hitch a ride in the Tardis. If all you want is a solid deal on a basic leather strap that won't let you down, this is a safe bet. Oh and tight strap button holes? That's a good thing in my universe, as gravity is often as irresistible as the lure of time travel (on this Planet, anyhow).
Nice strap for the money. I ordered black but got brown.
Nice solid no frills guitar strap. I used this on my stupid heavy Agile guitar and it helped a lot.
I bought this strap because I wanted to draw on it with sharpie and then cover it with a clear coat to preserve the sharpie. This is a good sized strap with a  nice drawing surface. My plan worked, and this is a good quality strap to do it on. And such a good price.
Good leather good build, made to last  and age nicely.  I like leather best of all things it feels proper, and I like simple let the guitar stand out, keep the strap simple but elegant.
I ordered two of these based on the review and indeed, this guitar strap deserves 5 stars.It feel like leather but I am not 100% it is true leather. However, at 10$ a piece, I have to give it 5 stars.I used to have nylon straps and these twist too easily. This one does not twist, saves me lot of times, especially during gigs.I will order two more (I have 4 different kind of guitars, acoustic, classical, electric and bass), it fit all of them.
Like many others here have pointed out, this is a very good leather strap at a very good price and it is made in Canada. It is a simple design, but it is plenty long enough for a taller than average player, is solidly made, and did you notice how low the price is?I have looked at leather straps for some time, and could never pull the trigger on ordering one because of sticker shock on the price. Most straps I have seen in guitar stores of this quality start in the $30+ price category. I just cannot justify spending $30 or $50 or more for an overpriced version of this same guitar strap which has some fancy brand name label on it and is of no better quality. This strap was barely more expensive than a cheap nylon strap! (A nylon strap may work adequately but lacks any real sense of style)Also, most of the name brand straps are two inch or three inch wide, and this 2-1/2 inch wide strap is just right for me.I like this strap so much I am now placing an order for one in every colour I can find them in for use with my other guitars!
Nice strap but a bit too stiff ... might loosen up in time but certainly worth buying.  Well built and good adjustability.
Good quality and very comfortable for the material and with of belt, no matter how heavy your axe is. Can't go wrong with this one.
This is a very GOOD General purpose strap! A little stiff, but I'm hoping it will loosen up with use.
This is a great guitar strap for the money.  I have a similar strap made of thicker leather that I really like but it cost 4 times as much. The strap is comfortable and adjustable. I liked the strap enough that I bought a couple of more in different colors.
As the title says 8 weeks in and no issues at all.  It's comfortable and sturdy.  What else could you want in a guitar strap?
Most better quality leather guitar straps are typically $20 or more, so in retrospect, the low cost of this Planet Waves Black Leather guitar strap should have served as a red flag.  I bought it anyway, hoping that it would be a decent product, but unfortunately, upon receiving it, I was almost immediately disappointed at the quality of the item.While the strap appears to be 100% leather, and isn't a piece of junk, it doesn't appear to be of very high quality. The leather is thin and soft, and I would not be at all surprised, if the edges soon begin to curl, and the strap begins to wrinkle. I don't expect the leather around the holes for the strap nuts, to hold up well long term. If you use this strap, you probably want to use some kind of strap locking system.I have leather straps that have lasted for over ten years. The leather is thicker and stiffer, and has resisted fraying along the edges. While the leather has developed some cracks, it is still holding up fine, and there is no chance that the strap will tear. I could be wrong, but looking at the Planet Waves strap, I have doubts that it will hold up anywhere near as well or as long.If you are a casual player, this strap is probably fine, although strap locks are recommended. The leather may start to curl up and deform, but the strap certainly isn't going to fail immediately. While serviceable, more serious players, or those with an aggressive style of playing, might want to spending a little more for a better quality leather strap. I decided to keep this strap, but it is installed on a secondary guitar that I don't play that much.
