I've been very disappointed with this tuner. When I've used it the needle keeps jumping all the way to the right(sharp) then back to the left(flat). I have two(2) other tuners I bought from Wal-Mart and I always get accurate tunings from them.  I bought this KORG because it's a brand name and the Company has an outstanding reputation. Even though my tow(2) Wal-Mart tuners are older, they both still work better than this KORG.
I have tried several different brands/types of tuners in my 13 years of playing. I have found that this model fits my needs perfectly. It quickly detects the tune, dynamically changes as you turn the tuning pegs, and is extremely accurate. It also has options to tune flat, sharp, guitar, bass, etc.It is also small and portable. I have one in EACH of my 12 guitar cases and it fits into the accessory pockets/pouches perfectly. I cant recommend this tuner enough.As always, please indicate if this review was helpful and keep on rockin'
The quality and feel of this tuner is very good. Tuning the guitar is really easy, just put the batteries in (it comes with 2 AAA batteries) and press the red button to turn it on, then pluck the strings! This is my first tuner and its great already! It's very portable.
This thing works well and is a little easier to see and less jumpy than my old tuner.  The LEDs are a little cheesy compared to the old one though.  But maybe that saves on battery life.  I don't know.  It gets five stars for just doing its job quietly and for a fair price and not breaking.I'm also glad I bought the one specifically for guitar/bass and not the chromatic one.
This was the easiest tuner I had.  I am sorry I gave it away now when I upgraded.  LOL
Wonderful to use - as soon as I put the batteries in and started even without reading the directions - easy
There are better tuners out there. Far better. This could be good, but it seems to me that all Korg products seem to think of Standard tuning as the only tuning out there, and they don't even tune it well to Standard (especially when tuning the G string)! I personally play exclusively in Standard for my electric playing, but sometimes I want to fiddle around with open-tunings on an acoustic. This piece-of-junk makes it incredibly difficult to tune to any tuning using "F" or "C" notes. I have no clue as to why that is, pretty stupid if you ask me, especially once you consider that majority of this generations guitarists are metal heads playing in drop c tuning or acoustic d-bags (I say that with love) that play in open tunings. Trust me, your money is best spent elsewhere.
Bought to tune my bass. Works fine and at the this price it cant be beat. Highly recommend for budget tuner.
It works beautifully. Arrived on time as promised as expected it is durable and it is easy and accurate as well, is as described.
Had to return the first one.  Second is holding it's own.  Just using it on an electric not sure about acoustic.  Spot on when used correctly inline with cables.
All tuners like this are going to be a little "jumpy", none of them are perfect.  This does the job perfectly once you get the hang of it.The Korg Pitchblack was a little out of my price range, so the GA40 is working perfect for now.  Overall this is a fair priced tuner from a reputable brand... five stars.
I AM SELF TAUGHT GUITAR FOR ABOUT 15 MONTHS.  WITHOUT THIS I WOULD BE LOST.  I WORK WITH A GUY WHO HAS PLAYED GUITAR FOR 30 YEARS.  HE TUNES IT TO ITSELF .  WHEN I HAD HIM TRY MY TUNER HE FOUND THAT HIS GUITAR WAS TUNED TO ITSELF YET SO FAR  OFF.  FOR $15 YOU CANT BEAT THIS.  DON'T BE SO CHEAP. BUY THIS AND ENJOY IT!
