The Hosa XLR cables are affordable and very heavily made.I have a large mixer and rack and cables everywhere.I decided to purchase shorter cables and the Hosa cables 5ft measurement worked perfectly.You really will not be disappointed with these.
I bought these to go from my board to the amp. We use them for a mobile church so they take a beating. They are still going strong.
Sturdy cord and plugs, inexpensive, good value. I don't require professional-level equipment, so this cord serves my purposes well. Satisfied with purchase.
Use it every week at gigs.  Solid, no problems with the solder joints.  A good quality cable at a very good price.
Hosa products are a good bang for the buck. I haven't looked up the specifications, but I'm guessing the wire is 22 to 24 AWG, but since it's only 10' long, it's good enough.
This was exactly what I was after. I have a voice touch and needed a small cord to connect the mic to the voice touch and this was perfect. Before I used a 20 foot cord to go about 12 inches. I highly recommend this for those who keep the mic on a stand and have a voice touch or other stand connected device for vocals.
I bought these because I really had too long of mike cords for my solo live show. And these are really nice cords if you have a home portastudio recording studio like myself. Who needs all the spaghetti to trip on all over the place? I bought two because I use a Digitech Live 2 Harmony processor and two XLR mike cords are required to make it operational. Good price here too. Hard to find just 10' mike cords. Usually longer ones are only obtainable.
This cable seems like it will last me for a while. As it is only being used to connect a DI box it will not get abused as much as the vocal mics always do.
These are not the greatest but they're cheap and they get to you fast when you need them. I've only had one fail and I've bought many of them to use in our broadcast studio.Amazon is the first place I go when I need cables for audio, video, computers or concert lighting.Good music to all!
This is a fine cable at a decent price point, nothing exceptional mind, but it gets the job done well enough.
I've used a lot of cables and I always come back to HOSA, they are indeed some of the best audio cables in their price range on the market.
I bought this cord after returning a cheap one that I should've known better than to buy. My son, who has some experience as a musician recommended the Hosa brand when I was seeking a proper replacement.I bought it for a small home recording setup which includes a Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone and a Behringer Xenyx 302 Mixer, and both ends make a reliable connection to both the board and the mic; the sound quality is excellent.An excellent value for the money.
Nice solid cables, with excellent support at the ends.  Should last a lifetime of usage no problem and just what I needed to connect my tube preamp.
