With drum pads, I basically either get 0 velocity, or max.  And I have to really hammer on them to trigger.  Hurts after a while.Likes:+ Size+ Assignable knobs.+ Works good w/ Ableton LiveDislikes:- Drum pads!Keys are pretty cheesy but workable and expected for this price and size.I'm looking to upgrade after a month.. Want better drum pads.  :-/
Works as advertised but the keys are stiff. Pads take too much presure to activate. Nice that I dont need another interface to connect it to my laptop.After the first few uses the USB socket broke and fell off into the unit rendering it useless. Wrote to dealer that was listed as selling it to me thru Amazon only to have them tell me the wrong seller was listed. I had registered it with AKAI already so I complained to them and they sent me a new one. I had to pay shipping back the old one to them even though it was a defective product.Not recommending this product.
First off this costs extra because of the drum pads which are pretty much useless. You have to practically hit them with a hammer to get a response. The keyboard feel flimsy and they are indeed small and not very playable. There is no modulation wheel but you do get crappy unresponsive pads and cheap knobs. HATE the mini USB jack since those connections rarely last. For this price it is a 'Do Not Recommend' for me.
This unit might be great if you have child hands - The KEYS ON THE  keyboard is soooo small..  Don't get this if you have Man hands! wtf U[DATE THE DESCRIPTION Akai WTF
The size of this makes it awesome for carrying around and it all works great. I have it custom mapped for multiple softwares. I love the product and all the features for the price. My only problem is, is that the USB plug on the controller becomes lose very quickly after moderate use. This is actually a huge problem, once the plug stops working your out of a controller. I would recommend this controller for home use and to leave the plug in the controller and do touch unless you have to. When unplugging it just be careful and it'll last a lot longer. The price on amazon is awesome.
I use this to record my band and other songs into garage band. Plugged right in, no drivers to install, computer recognized it immediately. I am missing out on a lot of this thing's capabilities by using it only in garageband, but for what I need it for, it's perfect. I use it to make drum beats and to add tambourine and other percussion instruments for our tracks. I researched a ton before I bought this one. Touch sensitive keys are great although they are mini keys. I could have got a lot better midi controller, but for the money, this one suits my band's needs just fine.
This is a really amazing portable Midi Keyboard. This is great for anyone wanting to create music while traveling. I've had no problems with it and the beat pads are really firm, but nice. You have to use a lot of pressure on the pads, but oh well. It is perfect. PLUS There are soo many settings and options to play with, as well as setting the knobs on the keyboard to do whatever you need it to do. Works amazing in FL Studio.
