This is one of those simple gizmos that make you wonder "why didn't i think of that", it snaps around my mandolin strings by the bridge and a quick run up to the nut and back down  every few weeks keeps the strings clean, and best of all I don't find lint from my cleaning rag in the wound strings any more since I started using this instead of the cheesecloth I used to use.
I use to use a cloth to clean my strings... this now rests in my guitar tech bag as a very useful tool.Easy to open, clamp on the strings, run it up and down and your strings maintain a clean and clear sound longer! The only thing that I worry about is running the plastic over the frets. I understand that it's only plastic, but I wonder if it will decrease the life of the frets over time...I don't know... if I see an issue, I may update this a year or so down the line.Until then? Excellent solution!
I give this product a 5 stars in terms of the idea, but a 4 or less in terms of the materials used to make it, especial the outer plastic shell. The cloth in the sandwitch which does the cleaning is a good and fare material. All and all for the price it's a 5 star. Good idea to clean the strings (especial metal strings) without damaging them or the guitar itself.
I chose this because I wanted an easier way to clean my guitar strings. So far it has worked beautifully.
This is a very useful little device. I use this cleaner on my strings after any use of my guitar. It removes anything on the strings and dries them immediately. This will increase the life of your strings. Don't expect miracles, but this helps quite a bit. I have bought this for me and several guitar-playing friends that have found this much useful. Highly recommended. Cheers!
This is great idea to clean guitar strings. I've always wiped down the necks of my guitars but this allows you to clean the underside of the strings as well as the top.Simple to use, small to fit inside a case or gig bag and not expensive.Using this will help lengthen the life of your strings and pay for itself in no time.
Simply the easiest, no hassle, no mess, way to clean your strings. I have used on all my guitars. It even fits my acoustic 12 string!Update: 1 year later and the string cleaner is going strong. Wash up in soap and water and let dry. I bought a 2nd one!
First of all as a former touring guitarist and a guitar tech junkie, I have a tool box with every tool you can imagine.  I have to say this string cleaner is a must have!  I say this because in the long run, it will save you money on strings, save you time with changes, and will keep your strings sounding alive.Most guitarists don't realize just what they are doing to their strings when they play.  You are leaving behind a world of sweat, dead skin, and all kinds of nasty elements.  The oils/fluids you leave behind can be very acidic and contain plenty of things that will build up and corrode your strings.  I've seen people who change strings every week because the strings keep going dead.  I've seen mold and and all kinds of garbage build up on strings so bad I thought a sloth may be living on it.  This little tool will prevent that.I have a routine with mine. Before I play, I run the cleaner over the strings a few times.  Whenever I'm done playing I make sure to spray a string cleaner fluid onto the pad and run it over the strings again until I feel they are completely clean.  You will not believe the extension of your string life or the quality of sound you will get following these cleaning practices.Someone has mentioned in their review the fret damage that the string cleaner caused and I too thought about that the first time I used it.  I suggest pulling up a little bit so that the cleaner does not touch the frets.  Toward the nut where it is hard to get the cleaner in, I just wipe down with a rag.  This is a great, cheap, handy little product that all guitarists should keep in their pockets.
I had neglected my guitar for awhile but just got back into the swing of things. Needless to say the strings were at least 5 years old and I was about to replace them with new ones but thought I would give this a try. I am amazed at how good the strings feel now. They really are like a new set of strings. Saved me 20 bucks in having it restrung too soon so they already paid for themselves. My only reason for knocking off 1 star is because the darn thing is harder to open then it should be. They could rethink the clasp a bit more but it does get the job done.
I was not to thrill about this product, I really don't have anything super negative to say but nothing super positive either,
Just use a cloth or paper towel.
I'm on the fence with this product. It does its job so no real complaints there, however once applied I feel it may be damaging my frets. I havent seen wear or visible damage but as you run it up the neck of the guitar you hear it hit all the frets. If you apply pressure to keep it from hitting it then pulls the top cleaning pad off, away from the strings causing it not to clean the top. Much more convenient then using a string cleaning cloth though so I'm sticking with this.
Nifty little item that does what it's designed to do.Realistically,it's not worth $10.00.$5.00? yes.Save your money.I regret this purchase for what I paid for it.
Pretty cool gadget... a whole lot less trouble than opening and closing bottles, cans, or sprays, and does on a set of old strings.
I bought this since I am a new guitar player...It does hit the frets but doesn't seem to do any damage...Pretty easy to use.The only oddity I have is that the box was kind of open already when I bougt it new.Does the job.
It sorta cleans strings but not fully, i dont even really use it anymore, i feel like i wasted my money on this item
