So I agree that this pedal sounds good and the construction is very solid.However, I like to play at a substantially high volume for recording. To my surprise I hear radio noises. I tried different power supplies at different locations thru different amps and pedal boards.  Sadly the radio noise is present at high gain applications.this pedal sounds great nevertheless and worth the money. It is just you do really get what you pay for
so this is supposedly a fulltone ocd clone.  I can not comment on this as I have never owned or played one.  What I can say with over 30 years playing experience is that this is a great pedal especially when you take into account the unbelievably low price.I own this pedal, the vintage overdrive and crunch distortion. See my other reviews on these pedals. basically the vintage overdrive is a tube screamer. the crunch is a fairly high gain distortion pedal and this pedal is inbetween.It is built solidly and looks roadworthy.  It has reasonably decent components and it sounds great.  Is it of the same caliber as a $150 boutique pedal - no but it is pretty darn good esp for the asking price.  I WOULD HAVE NO ISSUE GIGGING WITH THIS UNIT.  The distortion is warm with the tone at 12 with plenty of tonal variation available and plenty of distortion variance available.  Lots of sounds in this unit.  And very very quiet.  Nice thickness to the sound with good bass and less ragged than the crunch distortion if that makes sense.  Much quieter than the other two pedals mentioned.  For classic rock  this is perfect.  maybe even metal but would go with the crunch distortion for thatOverall no concerns with this great product!
This pedal lives up to the hype. Distortion-wise, it delivers something in between a tubescreamer type OD and a full on distortion (like a Crunchbox or Rat).  I checked out several Youtube demonstrations before I took the plunge on this one.  I think the tone is actually much better in person than it appeared in the videos - more transparent and organic sounding. I have owned the Fulltone OCD in the past and this pedal is nearly identical sounding if my memory serves me correctly.  I also own a V1 Dano Cool Cat OD - which is an excellent OCD-ish pedal- but this one is getting more action these days.  I am running this into the front of either a Palomino V32 or a Jet City 20 watt combo with the amps set up just on the verge of breakup.  The pedal also plays well with others-  I am getting nice lead tones by running a TS type of OD into the front of this one.  The JF-02 is a really nice dirtbox - and not just for the price.  The fact that you can own it for 40 clams or less makes it a no-brainer for those of you who (like myself) are addicted to dirtboxes.  I have noticed some price gouging with  a few vendors on here.  Shop around.  I knew the build quality was decent because I own the Joyo Vintage Overdrive and they are both built like bricks.
I'm a 4 string rock bass player that has purchased a LOT of overdrive and fuzz pedals. Most of the overdrive pedals work very poorly on bass. They typically lose the low end or otherwise suck the punch and power out of the tone, are too fizzy and clanky in the top end, don't provide enough dynamics, or don't provide enough gain variation and are really more fuzz than overdrive.This incredible inexpensive box really nails it. You get everything from barely there overdrive to serious overdrive approaching fuzz, all with a great bass tone, with lots of your original dynamics without requiring a clean blend, and a usable tone knob to tweak to your liking.The downside is you have to live with yourself knowing that Joyo blatantly copies other designers circuits. The whole wheat side of me dislikes knowing this is an OCD ripoff. The frosted side of me loves that I saved a LOT of money buying this ripoff.
The price is great.The sound is good.The power jack, however, leaves a little to be desired.My standard Boss daisy chain power supply cable comes out of this pedal 10x easier than any other pedal.I've now secured it with tape, so it should be ok.Based on other reviews, my guess is that I just got a dud and that most of them are okay.
The Joyo Ultimate Overdrive is simply a great pedal. Tone adjustment is precise. The bright switch is an added bonus. Having that in place lends to greater tones and harmonics from this pedal. Construction is first rate and there is absolutly no hum, hiss, loss of signal, nor any excessive coloring of your signal. In short you get 100% drive that has a very broad range to work from. Through a tube amp it just extends the sound to levels that were not possible using the amp's gain alone. Impressive! I can clearly see why so many have stated that this pedal is so good. It just is. I'm not one to argue over perfection, and neither should anyone else that plays guitar and cares about their tone and gear. This one is a winner, hands down!And I'm not a new player either, been at it for nearly 5 decades now. I know tone, and have had great, and not so great gear. This one is a keeper! It handles everything from easy overdrive to nearly all out metal (not a metal pedal though) but it gets that drive from those huge amps of the 70's right on the money. Versatile. Smooth. Easy to dial in. What's not to like here? Forget your "boutique" pedals and save tons of money and get a great pedal.
This is supposed to be an Fulltone OCD clone, but to me, it sounds a bit better than the OCD, and worse.Has more low end and a smoother mid that the OCD. Thought isnt nearly as dymanic as the OCD, that may not be a good thing though, depending on your taste.If I turn the gain up past 9 o'clock, the pedal sounds more like a fuzz than an overdrive, and kills the dynamics.Thats a good thing and bad, as I like a fuzz tone, but thats not what I bought the pedal for.Overall I can live with it, its well built, sounds good and the price is unbeatable.
I needed a phaser, and saw that the Joyo Vintage Phaser was rated well, and super cheap, so I bought it.  I was EXTREMELY impressed with it, and did some further research into their pedals.  This was one of their top-rated pedals, so I figured I'd give it a go.  I have to say that I am fairy impressed!  I get a wide range of tones coming out of this little box - anything from a light fuzz to a vintage-style high gain.  You won't get a modern metal crunch from it, so if that's what you're looking for, look elsewhere.  If you want a nice distortion to replicate stuff from the 70's and 80's, then this is a great bet.  This pedal is currently plugged in, and I suspect that I'll keep it as part of my rig (unless I happen to get rich and find a nicer, boutique pedal, or get around to modding my other pedals.)As a reference:  I own several Boss distortion/over drive pedals (Japanese DS-1, SD-1, OD-3 and MT-2.)  I The Joyo JF-02 and OD-3 are the two drive pedals that I have hooked up, since they are by far the best sounding and most versatile drive pedals that I currently own.A side-note for the tone-freaks:  The peddle does seem to be a bit muddy.  It's great for jamming out power chords, but not so articulate when you're arpeggiating chords. (Still noticeable when you back off the gain on the pedal but crank the volume on the amp.)
I really liked this one.  I bought the Crunch Distortion at the same time and these are complimentary to each other as well as nice standalone.  I very much like how Joyo has reproduced some great sounding pedals for amazingly low prices and seemingly high quality for the average guitarist that just cannot afford to spend thousands on these overpriced "boutique" pedals.  I will continue to buy these products from Joyo until I find something wrong with them and at present I have nothing to bitch about at all here.  Sound wise this is a big phat heavy sound.  As an example, this is the JF-02 and JF-03 on guitar and the JF-03 on the bass as well running through the clean channel of a Line 6 Spider:[...]Buy this/these pedals and all things from Joyo, they are worth every penny.
this is a great pedal I would suggest it to anyone looking to get a pedal that would do overdrive and distortion it is a little more on the gain side and has a fizzy characteristic not to fuzzy however imo. Its fairly responsive too and the eq is opposite of say a tube screamers pronounced mids so rather flat eq. Plenty of volume and is a clone of the fulltone OCD if you want overdrive that doesn't sound like a tube screamer than this is for you. And botique quality at paupers price.true bypass so no tone loss props to joyo. P.s. crunch distortion is also an awesome pedal by joyo which does plexi tones well and is very crunchy.
No way this thing cost lest than $40.  I needed a small pedal board and didnt want to put a lot of money into pedals so I gave the Joyo pedals a try and I am pleasently surprised.  This compares very closely to my high end OD pedals I own...in a metal case???? BONUS.  I'm super happy with my Joyo pedals.
This is a pretty hot pedal! Honestly, I have compared this against a Suhr Riot Distortion and an MXR Classic Distortion and quality wise, it is REALLY, REALLY hard to not hear the difference in terms of quality, tone, distortion / overdrive. Great price and well made. Joyo...nice job here!
I did not think a pedal under 40 bucks could sound this good. It does. You have to try it to believe it. I don't like the demonic face on the front though, so I knocked off a star. Otherwise it would be an easy 5 stars.
I have heard good things regarding this pedal so I was always interested, but never pulled the trigger on purchasing it. When a buddy of mine who happens to be a professional musician began talking about it, I said I think I'd better check this out.IM GLAD I DID!boys and girls time to break open the walletsgreat tone and drive within this little boxyou'll be adding it to the board just like I did
Thick, harmonically rich, articulate overdrive.  Amazing sustain, booming bass, even mids, chrystal highs.The pedal responds well to the guitar's volume and easily replaces my holy fire, custom badass od, and every other OD I have.How this pedal is so cheap is beyond me.  Just buy it.
JF-02:OMFG! No need to get all OCD about emptying your Full wallet to get the Tone needed! I tried this on Strats, an LP, & a Harrington, through my slightly modded VC5212(Webber speakers)tube amp; clean channel. No hum, noisiness,,built solid. The English instructions aren't really useful as the pedal itself is self-explanatory.I'm possibly half deaf but have been doing this for 20+ years. I'll be experimenting with a tube pre and running through a solid state to see what happens. There are many factors that make tone and this is only a small part of it. Your attitude and hands create the sound in the end. A pedal does not make you play better, practice does. If you are familiar with the OCD or can get one and a/b side by side it, you'll be amazed. Cool looking pedal box to boot.
Like many others wanted the brand name pedal, drooled over it for years, just can't pull the trigger on a $130 pedal. Bought this instead and it plain rocks. I put my pedals through three tests, 1) playing alone, 2) Playing at rehearsal, and 3) gigs. This thing stands up nicely on all three. Using it with Am Sp Tele, Hiway 1 Strat, Squier 51, Epi LP Spec w/p/90 and Fender BJ, Peavey Classic 30/50. Sounds amazing in any combo. Using it as my gain along with the Joyo Vintage OD, for lead boosts. Killer set up.
Just for the thickness of the sound this little jewel makes, it was worth giving this box a try. As someone else previously mentioned, set in a tube breakup setting , this device still is a little fuzzy. The tone, none the less, is very usable and sounds great. I'm a  happy customer and am sure most anyone else will be as well. Thanks for reading this.
50+ years playingmy pedal is unuseablethe lower strings are all mush at any gain or eq settingread all the good reviews and watched all the videosmine sounds nothing like themmaybe defectivei also own the joyo british and joyo crunch and they are flawless
I've had this for nearly a year and I have no complaints. Works perfectly. Sounds awesome. Lots of gain, tons more than my Boss SD-1 w/the Monte Allums SD808 mod.  If lost or stolen, I'd buy another. Highly recommended.
Let's get a few things straight from the start - I love effects pedals.  I love the idea of a handcrafted boutique pedal (and have owned a few), and I'll also play the mass-produced BOSS and Ibanez stuff.  And if you put foreign/no-name brand in front of me, but the pedal is made well and sounds GOOD, I'll play that too.  All you need to know is that this pedal is well-constructed and sounds darn good for 40 dollars.Joyo is a Chinese company that essentially has makes their own form factor (a heavy-duty metal box with an MXR-like button switcher), and then clones/mimics/copies circuitry of popular boutique pedals that cost anywhere from $100 to $250.  And they've figured out how to ship them to the U.S. and sell them for $40 to $60 each.  I've recently discovered these pedals, and if money/pedalboard space were no issue, there's probably 8 to 12 of them I'd like to own.The "star" of the Joyo lineup, however, is arguably the JF-02 Ultimate Drive.  This pedal got some notoriety a few years back when an American company bought them in bulk, repainted them, and tried to sell them for almost $200.  The fact that they thought they could get that much for it tells you something about the quality.The pedal this is supposedly clone off of is the Fulltone OCD Overdrive, a boutique pedal that came out several years ago, and usually sells from around $150.  I own that pedal, and I've done a side by side comparison on my pedal board.  And while tone is EXTREMELY subjective, I'm not sure that I wouldn't go with the Joyo Ultimate Drive in a blind test.  While the 3-knob, Lo/Hi switch are clearly inspired by the Fulltone OCD, the pedals actually sound quite different.  With the exact same settings, the Fulltone will actually sound much brighter.  That's really saying something because the Fulltone is known as having a very well-rounded tone with a defined base.  Well, the Ultimate Drive offers even more bass and mids, yet the Tone knob can brighten it up quite a bit without losing that bottom end.It's actually extremely versatile.  I'm not sure that it would do low-gain "crunch" sounds very well, but if that's what you want, consider the Joyo Vintage Overdrive, the Joyo Crunch Distortion, or a Tubescreamer.  Right now, I have three pedals that are fairly similar and offer a great "overdriven Marshall" tone: The Fulltone, the Ultimate Drive, and the Marshall GV-2 Guv'nor.  While they are all great pedals, the Joyo really hits the sweet spot on my Vox Combo amp (using a Gibson Les Paul).As for soloing/lead play, I'm noticing all types of pick attack/harmonic response with the Joyo that I don't get with other stompboxes.  It really does act and feel like an onboard overdrive channel.  If you point all the knobs at 12 o' clock, some people may think it is muddy, but that Tone knob really does change the character quite a bit.  Sorry for the long rant, but I want people to know that just because you can't afford $150+ on a single pedal doesn't mean you can't enjoy a great overdrive stomp box.  Check the JF-02 out - it just might be your "gateway drug" to other Joyo pedals!
Until today.  I do not own the Fulltone pedal that this product was designed to replicate, but you can search YouTube and see several comparisons and there is no audible difference.  Aside from that, this pedal is quite awesome on its own merit.  It's not a "metal" type distortion, but it nicely covers everything else.  I play an Ibanez Artcore through a Vox AC15 in a Christian band and set with just a small amount of drive, at about the 9:00 position, this pedal does not add color to your signal and the sound of your amp shines through nicely.  That's the whole point - the reason we choose a certain amp is because we like the way it sounds, so when we push it with an overdrive pedal we don't want it to change the sound of the amp, we simply want to kick it in the rump a little.  Or a lot.  And the Ultimate Drive does it nicely.  The drive could best be described as somewhat gritty and smooth at the same time, like sand in a smoothie.  Driven hard it gives plenty of nice harmonic overtones.  But I think it sounds best with just a small amount of kick, right into a tube amp.  I'm not exactly bringing home tons of money, so it's nice to see that there are pedals designed to give great tone to even tightwads like myself.  The only thing that I could consider to be a downside is the stupid graphic of Satan, Darth Maul, Gene Simmons, or whatever that thing is that's painted on the metal case.  Other than that, if you're in the market for a "boutique-style" overdrive at about 1/3 the cost, you've found it. ONE FINAL NOTE: One unexpected benefit of this pedal is that the overdrive does wonders with a single-coil strat.  Really.  It gives it a nice fat crunch while somehow retaining the strat tone.  I can't think of any other pedals I've owned that could do this.  SECOND FINAL NOTE:  I'm almost embarrassed to admit this, but I also played it through a cheap solid state Fender Frontman 25R and it sounded great even through that piece of rubbish.  As a Christian musician, I can say that this may not exactly qualify as a miracle, but it's pretty close.
Put this through an AC30C2 and prepare to be amazed. Never owned an OCD but I don't need to. My neighbors I'm sure are not pleased. Many have decribed this pedal and there is nothing else like it at this price point! It's your guitar on steriods. Crisp deplication of it with bass, treble and a little hair on it. That's at the 25% gain setting. Flip from low to high micro switch and hold on to your balls. From nasty blues to Steppenwolf you will have it covered.
people say its an ocd clone.  it sounds very similar.  i think it might be slightly rawer around the edges, but its a very subtle thing.  all in all, i'm happy with it.  knobs are very responsive and it offers a wide range of tones.  good pedal to add.
I can't compare it (as others have done) with the OCD, but it simply gives me an overdrive that I love. I have several other OD pedals: Tube Screamer, LovePedal Kalamazoo and even a cheap Danelectro DS-1. The JF-02 is truly my favorite right now. I've been using it with a Strat and a Les Paul clone into either a Fender Vibro or a small Bugera V5. It serves up great tones into either one.
