This music package by Led Zepplin is historical and put together well. Great for any Zep fan. Great audio and video. I especially liked the unreleased version of For Your Life!
What else can be said that isn't implied in the title of this review? Not a single second wasted in this performance and this bundle is perfect for those of us who don't want to purchase the items separately. My only issue was how long this took to come out considering the show was 5 years ago. That and the fact they didn't play more songs but who can blame them, their catalog is  almost endless (one of the few bands who matched quantity with quality).
Get this. It was awesome! Blu-Ray surround with the band was just amazing. Great extras too. They were so much tighter on this concert than back in &#34;How the West was Won&#34;
I was a little nervous for some reason when I started watching this (I saw it in the theatre).  I was afraid I might be in for another Live Aid let down or something like that.  I had heard the epic reviews and the internet buzz when the actual event happened...but had no idea if this would be as good as all that.  Never fear, you need to see this film.  The guys prove that the hype was legit.  I was so stoked when they launched in to some of my faves like "For Your Life" even if the performances of "Dazed and Confused" and "Stairway" seemed a little pedestrian.  But hey, it's LZ doing Stairway which is better than 99% of the music on the planet so who cares if it was an obligatory performance?  The show seems to get better as it goes along, and by the time "Kashmir" comes on I had tears in my eyes.  No joke.  This show is riveting.  I bought the Blu-Ray so I could continue to experience the awesomeness of this show, which really defies description.  I am not sure if non-LZ fans can appreciate how incredible this show is, or what the band accomplished in doing this.  They took it seriously and rehearsed for 7 weeks for this one event.  Jason Bonham did a good job of honoring his father and staying true to the original material and live nuances developed over multiple tours in the 70's.  If you love LZ you probably already have this set, if you have a passing interest only you will witness a one-night-only reunion that blows away any of the other weak attempts by older bands of this era.  It's pretty awesome.
I love the performances and sound production quality of Celebration Day! The band's on fire and Jason Bonham did a incredible job. A must buy for the Zep fan I can highly recommend this.To rehearse that long for this one show it's a shame they could not consider another world tour or at least a few more concerts. With Jason doing so well it was possible I could easily imagine NY, SF, Rio, Paris, Rom, Tokyo etc
