I bought these for my teen son who plays the bass. He absolutely loves them and they seem to be lasting a good while as well. Nice sounds.
I used a felt pick that was made in the 1940s for a long time and it finally disintegrated over time and became unusable. I bought a set of Mahalo Felt Picks and while they seem nice, they're too stiff to get a clean sound when strumming and I get a raspy, harsh tone when picking single strings.I know many people love these felt picks, but I've found a set of soft rubber picks here on Amazon that give me a tone that's much closer to the sound of my dearly departed vintage felt pick.
I bought these because they were an &#34;add-on&#34; offer and I'm glad I did.  I don't play uke but a friend turned me on to using them for bass. These are a little too soft for guitar (check out the Dunlops) but I'm going to make sure I have some of these around, too.
I love these picks. I bought them just as an add on to get free shipping but they turned out being a great buy. It is much louder than playing with just my fingers and changes the sound completely.
What can you say about a pick? These picks sound good and have lasted well. I have also found that felt uke picks produce a good sound on bass guitar.
I don't often use a pick for my soprano uke. The Mahalo picks bring a clarity of tone that I really like, especially if I'm looking for a brighter sound.
these picks are bigger than i expected. easy to hold and very soft. they deliver a rather muted and softer sound than traditional picks.
MY THUMB GOT SORE!  I HADN'T PLAYED ANY OF MY STRING INSTRUMENTS FOR SOME TIME.  THE FINGER TIPS ON MY LEFT HAND WERE NO LONGER CALLUSED AND MY RIGHT UKULELE STRUMMING THUMB WAS TENDER FROM BEING OUT OF PRACTICE.  HENCE MY PURCHASE OF THESE FELT PICKS.  THE PICKS ARE FINE.  THEY ARE USEFUL.  MY ONLY COMMENT IS THAT I REALLY LIKE A FELT PICK THAT IS THICKER AND A LITTLE SOFTER.  THESE ARE GOOD BUT DIFFERENT.
We purchased these because they were recommended to be used with the Ukulele.  They seem to make a damper sound rather than allowing the strings to make music.  Not sure I would buy these again. But great to give the kids when I don't want to hear 6 Uke's practicing at the same time.
As a classical guitarist, I have never touched a pick to my nylon strings.  As a recent ukulele enthusiast, however, I have a little different approach.  In a group, if all are acoustic, a lead line of some sort has to push through the strummers.  I tried these.  Nothing against them.  They are good for strumming.  For lead, I needed to use something harder.  I went to a soft plastic or nylon pick.  It will still not be too good for the strings, but it does the sonic job I need.For a nice strum, these are fine.
Recently got the itch to try some different picks out just for fun.. these, rubber picks, metal picks, etc. I play guitar.I'm not crazy about these for that purpose, but they aren't made for guitar obviously, so I can't fault them. They seem to be made well made. They are larger than I expected, and rather thick.Obviously these are made for ukes, so my review is probably not helpful to many. If you're like me and were looking for some variety for the guitar I'd suggest the rubber picks instead. They give a similar mellow sound without mudding up the tone, and they are easier and more comfortable to use also. Heck, maybe uke players should try those too?
Aloha friends! Simply put, if you have a ukulele, then these are the picks that you should be using. Cheers!
I thought these would give me more volume and a better feel for stumming my uke.  I don't use them much at all, preferring palin hand strumming to what these deliver.
