Well 3 hours to put together got tiring and annoying as things tend to fall a part..however as a standalone items it is great with good sounds and groove tracks to practice drumming on..However I am not a drummer nor have any interest in becoming one..I bought this in order to use with software recording for basic beats to fit my own songs..and it is a NIGHTMAREGoing on a week now no support help from either company..HEED MY WARNING IF YOU WANT TO USE THIS WITH NI, EZ DRUMMER OR OTHER PROGRAMS LIKE THAT YOU MUST KNOW HOW TO REROUTE MAPPING OF MIDI IN ORDER TO USE IT. This is not a plug and play item you will spend hours of your time trying to get this to work with software...There is very little helpful info out on the net i've owned this for over a week and still never used it for its purpose yet being that its a stand alone item..there really is no MIDI support..Im am close to giving up the fight and sending it back.Alesis could have made this an amazing item and 1000 times easier if they simply created a midi out port on the module you could run into your daw and software..
Other reviews give an adequate overview of the kit and its potential so I'll just mention particular details: The kick pedal spring tension was set too tight, making the pedal hard to control and very frustrating to a beginner. Fortunately the thumbscrew and nut adjustment is easy and made a tremendous improvement in feel and control.The documentation is poor and, inexcusably, there's nothing better available online from Alesis: The steps in the graphical setup page are less than ideal for a single person assembly. The kit allows for tremendous flexibility in positioning the pads horizontally and vertically, yet you're pretty much left on your own to discover this. Experienced drummers will know what they want but I would have appreciated a suggested basic setup showing common variations.The control module's buttons and operation are described but there's no detailed guide to the preset kits or selectable pad patches. You'll just have to hear them and jot down your own notes.There seems to be an ongoing controversy over a firmware update to the controller module - whether it fixes an issue with the snare drum pad responsiveness when struck simultaneously with the hi hat, or is in fact the cause of an issue with the pad. I've noticed no such problem and, as of this date, Alesis has no such update on their site, which leads me to suspect their former patch may have been bad and/or they've updated units currently being sold.Speaking of the snare, the second outer zone for rimshots is nice but I can only get it to trigger while sticking from the outside. The technique of laying the stick flat across the head and lifting one end doesn't seem to trigger the rimshot (or perhaps I just haven't worked out the touch yet).I'm interested in a natural sound, probably close to a classic jazz kit, and a couple of the presets work for me. I also have Battery 3 and using the kit to trigger those samples opens up vast possibilities. Still, most of the time I just want to sit down and play and don't want to bother firing up the PC and loading software so it's nice to have two workable options. The headphone volume could be louder but running it into powered speakers and taking a headphone out from them solves that issue.Keeping the pads clean is easy with two soft lint-free cloths. Dampen one with a little warm water (wring it out well) and use a light circular motion to remove dust and dirt, then wipe gently with the dry cloth to take up any residue.This is my first experience with an electronic kit and, as others have mentioned, the sensation really is fundamentally different from an acoustic instrument, particularly when striking the cymbal pads. It takes awhile to mentally balance the soft thud or click (depending on which surface you strike) from outside the headphones with the sampled drum sound within. I wasn't sure I liked it for the first couple of weeks (meaning I probably didn't) but I've gotten used to it and have gradually begun to relate to the DM6 on its own terms, not as an imitation of an acoustic drum kit, but as something else with its own special characteristics.
For the money it costs it worth it. The construction seems good (especially the kick drum pedal), but the brains leave a little to be desired, although it's very functional. The biggest complaint I have is that it only has 1/8&#34; stereo out and 1/8&#34; headphones out. Really should be 1/4&#34; mono or stereo. I bought a separate plug to allow this so I could put it into my mixer and I'm good.
I'll try to keep this succinct and say only what needs said. Setup was fairly easy (although the instructions were downright cryptic). The adjustability is wonderful. And the kit looks phenomenal out of the box. That being said, one of my toms is nowhere near as responsive as the rest of them (I'll soon contact the company for a replacement), the cymbals are not intuitive to strike placement (you only get the secondary cymbal tone when you strike it very hard, and even then it's no guarantee), and I'm guessing, due to their close proximity to each other and the sensitivity of the pads, the snare often activates when I strike the hi-hat. At first glance, the different tone kits don't bring much to the table. But there is a wide range of personalization available when you begin to dig deeper into the controls. To a small extent, I've even been able to cover up the less-than-responsive tom by lowering the volume on all the other pieces. My only other complaint is that the bass drum doesn't bring much to the table. It sounds more like a flat tom than a bass pedal.In short; this kit was somewhat defective out of the box. But it's still fun to use. So, unless you plan to record with your electronic kit, I'd recommend this product as a fun musical toy. But it's certainly not up to par with some of the more expensive kits I've used. And recording with this kit would likely be a nightmare.
I am a beginner and wanted a set that I can learn on, but would also allow me to experiment with other percussion instruments besides a rock drum set and would take a small amount of room and allow low volume levels.  I've had this set for about a month and a half.  So far, it is working well for me.  The rubber drum and cymbal surfaces are great for keeping the volume low enough when playing late at night.  Each drum and cymbal seem to have sweet spots where I imaging the triggers are.  Depending on the devise, hitting further from this sweet spot might change the sound and/or volume produced.  The impression I get is that most electronic drum sets have some kind of problem or another, so it seems to be whether the problem(s) are something you can live with or not.  Also, you can't play with the same nuance and control as an acoustic set, but for the price it goes a long way to making it seem real enough that I can enjoy it and feel like I'm learning the drums.  It takes up very little space compared to an acoustic set which is great for me since I have little room for it.  There are a few problems that I'm not likely to encounter until I become really accomplished.  One is that when playing the snare rim shot and either the hi-hat or tom 1 simultaneously, one or the other will not trigger a sound to occur about half the time.  I found this out when playing these combinations rapidly, which I'm not likely to do maybe ever.  But it is still an error in functionality.  I called Alesis and they said this was a common characteristic of this model drum set.  There is a firmware update that has been mentioned in earlier reviews that I, but it didn't make any difference.  In summary, for the price and my needs, I am very pleased with this drum set.  More expensive sets with more sounds and better nuance control don't have the rubber surfaces that I want, plus, according to reviews they all seem to have problems of some type so spending more money doesn't necessarily eliminate problems.
