This pedal has tone! its very easy to use and program, I did not have idea on how to use it, and really quick I got it, it has a great interface, it sounds great, you just need some time to adapt and you will be creating your own tones in no time.The distrosion is great some people say they arent but I really love them, its a matter of  taste and creating your tones, some preset may not be good for youThe downside it does not have the AC adapter but I knew this.The lights under certain light conditions are very bright,But this pedal is note heavy, well constructed and sturdy, I got the AC adapter so I dont have to be on the batteries all the time.This pedal has the whole package, effects, great tone, great distorsion and cleans.
The Boss ME-70 is not as nice as the BOSS GT-10 and will not let you install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  I recommend getting a BOSS GT-10 and then install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Now your guitar can sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound with BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.
I agree with other reviews that Boss exploits its customers by insisting the $300 pedal have the PSA supply, but sells it separately.  It's a cheesy way to meet a price point without really doing it.  I used a OneSpot power supply I had already, and it works fine.  Just glad I didn't have to shell out $20 more to Boss for something they should have provided with the ME70.The first thing I noticed is that the tuner is not too good.  You get a letter, with an arrow on each side, and it's not very responsive.The Korg-style dial-in reverb controls are easy, but extremely limited.  Expected better.  You get either room or hall.  Neither are that realistic.Going from manual patch-level to bank-level is awkward.  It may just take practice.Next thing I noticed is the delay level does not respond as expected.  If I set the E. level (delayed signal level, or balance) at around thirty, it can be clearly heard.  When overdrive or boost is added the primary signal is boosted as expected, but the delayed signal remains at the original volume, effectively reducing the balance and making the delayed signal nearly inaudible.Did Boss just start making multi-effects pedals?  Have they learned nothing?Despite somewhat mediocre performance and design, the ME70 does have features that recommend it.  Some of the drives are usable.  The controls are accessible and easy to adjust.  The "Solo" setting on the Comp/FX module is a nice booster, although it can apparently be overdriven easily by the boost in the OD/DS module - maybe this is by design but it would be nice to have two levels of clean boost.The next annoyance is the very limited capabilities of the optional footswitches.  I was hoping to be able to flip between the preset and manual setting, but all it does is turn the preamp on and off, or step (one way) through the presents (FS-5U).It almost appears that Boss very cynically crippled the ME70 so it did not threaten GT10 sales.I'm looking forward to learning more about this pedal.  So far, it does some good things, but it could be much better.Has anyone else noticed the ME70 reviews out there aren't too useful?  I'm thinking of checking out the Vox Tonelab EX, which is being blown out now.  $225 at GC, for example.--3/16/12 update:  Despite the limitations above, I like the portability of this unit.  It runs on 6 AA's (I think) which is great when you just want to put it on the floor and play, for example at a jam where you don't have power nearby.New Fail update - the Tremolo in this unit just stinks.  I mean stinks.  Whatever the "waveform" is, it's not a sine wave, not smooth at all.  Very poor musical characterists.  Whatever engineer was in charge of this - you screwed up big time.  Your own Boss tremolo pedals are much better than what you've put in the ME70.  Why would you do that, Boss?  I like tremolo but it's virtually useless in this unit.  Some people won't notice, but if you like that swampy Fender style tremolo, you will be very disappointed.
I've stayed away from multi-effect pedals for years, because I spent more time messing with it, then playing guitar. I could never get the levels right. The Boss ME-70 is easy to use. It sounds great. 72 patches in all. My current band does not even play that many songs.
I'm a professional musician, playing 6-8 times a month.  This pedal does far more than I need it to do and has plenty of options for an avid guitarist that likes to figure out all the bells and whistles.  I really like the 38 second looping function.....that's plenty of time to get through some lengthy phrases, and it allow you to layer the loops so you can really get creative.  Don't forget to order the external power supply - I would have happily paid a little extra money to have it included....not sure why it's not.  Double A batteries last a longer time than I expected they would.  I haven't had a chance to play with customizing patches, etc, but I'm sure that I'll be pleased with what it has to offer.
Excellent Multi-Effect, great sounds, the distortions are really great. Modulation and Delays rocks, they sound good. Like always, Boss products are just amazing.
As an "Old School" Guitarist introducing new gear into my rig always makes me nervous. With a somewhat massive pedal board filled with individual Boss pedals which is often too large for some of the venues my band gigs at & definitely too large for our practice studio (and a bit too heavy to lug around).I researched every multi-effect unit on the market today & decided the ME-70 was the best way to go for me mainly for the "Manual" settings. When I received the unit, it came out of the box ready to go (other than installing batteries) and worked exactly like I had my "rig" shrunk down into a rugged small package.COSM- With the amp simulation & Pre-Amp portion I don't need to carry an amplifier any longer because this unit has the ability to clone my coveted tube amp collection with the twist of a knob.Effects- Boss is "THE BOSS" of effect pedals in my opinion... this unit combines everything I need & then some in a single unit with the ability of individual tweaking. I do not venture into the unit's ability to remember settings because every venue I gig at has different acoustics & constant tweaking is required to achieved the tones I want to hear.
