I have an Epiphone Dot and I installed a Bigsby V5 on it.  I could not find a gig bag for semi hollow body guitar so settled on this one due to the price.  And a previous reviewer said his Dot with Bigsby fits.  Well it fits, but just barely.  The guitar fits snugly in the plush lined case.  I have to turn the arm of the Bigsby around, facing down, to close the case.  I think the case probably pushes the arm down a little bit even in this position.  I probably wouldn't store my guitar in this case for long periods cuz I'd worry about tension on the strings.  Otherwise I like it.
The shell and the lining of the case are perfect: hard on the outside, and soft on the inside.I opened up the box and my Epiphone Dot slid right in.The only thing that worries me is that the hinges feel a little cheap, and the lock cold be beat with a bic pen.I'm not traveling around with my guitar too much, so that's not a problem for me, but I would worry a bit if I were checking it on an airline.Otherwise, it works perfectly for what I bought it for - protecting it in my mancave / basement from dings and scratches.
There seems to be a lot of know it alls when it comes to this case. One reviewer says it's made by Fender. I seriously doubt that and have to wonder on what he bases that on. Show me proof. Someone else seems to think it's made by Epiphone. Sorry to disappoint you but Epiphone doesn't make cases. They accept bids from case manufacturers who can build a case to thier specifications at the lowest cost. I have several Epiphone 335 Dots and a Gibson ES335. I bought Epiphone cases for all of them. I found the Gibson case to be identical except for the color of the lining and the logo on the outside of the case. I couldn't see any sense in paying more money just for the Gibson name. My Gibson fits perfectly in the Epiphone case. Although the cases have the Epiphone logo on the outside, they are all made by TKL. How do I know that you're wondering? They have a TKL tag on the inside of the accessory compartment. That's been a few years ago. The cases you get now could be made by a different company. The case is very heavy and is actually heavier than the guitar. Regardless of who actually makes the case, it has to meet Epiphone's manufacturing standards so it's got to be good. This case will fit The 335 Dot, Casino, Sheraton and the Gibson ES335. Anyone who knows anything about guitars knows that the Epiphone Joe Pass Emperor II has a much thicker body than the 335 Dot. This case was not intended for the Emperor II. It's a great case and will protect your guitar, but it's not designed to be thrown from a rooftop or run over by a car. I just bought two more of these cases for my Harmony Rockets. One is a single cutaway reissue and the other is a vintage double cutaway. Both guitars fit perfectly.
Bought this for my Dot. It fits snugly and is adequately padded. The outer material is strong so I feel comfortable carrying and storing my guitar in it. A must if your already paying so much more for the Guitar that will go in it.
This Epiphone Hardshell case is a real bargain!  Well built and functional, just the perfect size for your Dot,  Casino, 335 , or in my case a Sheraton II.  Finished in faux leather, a nice scuff resistant vinyl of some sort, much like the old Fender Tolex.  NICE hardware on this case. All the latches are fitted well and are both good looking and rock solid. Hinges too.  The handle isn't going anywhere!  Inside you get a nice soft plush interior, the obligatory hinged compartment for strings and things, and a good solid rattle free fit for your guitar.Top all that off with 2 feet on the end for standing upright,  2 well placed feet on the side and 3 on the bottom. NO matter which way you place the case (other than upside down) both your guitar and case are protected.  You get a total of FIVE good quality latches (one of them locks, key included) and hinges at either end. As I said, the hardware on the case is really good.  For under one hundred dollars this case is an unbelievable bargain.I was immediately struck by how SOLID this case feels.  It is no lightweight either.  I feel totally secure keeping and transporting my Sheraton II in this case and unworried about it breaking apart or popping open, etc.  Mine came almost scuff free out of the box, but there were a few signs that it had been handled a bit before packing. Still, it looks super and the overall visual presentation far outstrips the price.If I could make just two criticisms, it would be that I notice the stitching appears to be single stitched, rather than double stitched. Also, the strip of fabric that holds the lid open seems overly thin and not well implemented. It is a smallish piece of colored vinyl attached to the lid and case body and it looks like this will be the first thing to wear out or even just up and break.  Also, when you close the case , instead of folding in on itself it tends to stick out the back of the case, necessitating you manually pulling it into the case before fully closing.  I would have much preferred a nice self folding piece covered with the same material that lines the case itself.  This is just a minor niggle and could easily be replaced by either yourself if you are handy, or most any music store with a halfway decent tech in the backroom.I have no reason to believe this case will fall apart anytime soon . Overall, I am extremely pleased with this case and my Sheraton II is happy to have found a long term home.  An excellent value, highly recommended!
great case for my Epiphone Sheraton II! If you own a dot, sheraton, or a 335, you should buy this case! It comes with a key so you can lock it.
As a lot of Epiphone owners have learned, cases designed for the Gibson ES-335 clones won't fit Epiphone guitars, as the Epiphones have a slightly larger headstock. This case, however, fits my Dot Custom like a glove. The padding is perfect, the top is arched to precisely fit the guitar, and the build quality is better than you might expect at this price level.
Didn't expect much for the price but this is a top notch case for any of the Epiphone - Gibson  Semi-Hollowbody Guitars - Great Deal to protect your investment!!
I got this for my Epi Sheraton II:PROS:  It fits perfectly; it's "fur" lined and has a decent sized internal compartment; it's solid and the hardware is sturdy; it has one locking latch (out of five), but nothing that would stop a real thief; it has two knobs on the bottom that allow the case to stand on end without tipping over, two knobs on the side for when you put it down on its side, and three knobs on the back that allow it to lay down without being completely on the ground; it's relatively thin.CONS:  It's heavy; the handle is positioned oddly and at an angle; it has some "Made in China" characteristics.I've had several cases and this is one of the nicest.  On a personal level, I'd prefer it didn't say "Epiphone" on the outside.  But since it does it's a good place to hide a $3000 Gibson 335.
When my case arrived I feared it was too small to hold my Epiphone Dot. But, this case fits my Dot like a glove. The case is sturdy enough to protect my guitar from knocks and dings while the plush inside pampers the guitar's finish. The accessory compartment is large enough to hold my picks, tuner, and extra strings.
