This is a proven classic.  Using it to mic my Mesa Boogie Mark V 1x12 cabinet.  Sounds fantastic and is solidly built.
This is the #1 mic you should get, recording or live, instruments or voice, it always come through  with a great sound and seems almost indestructible.looking forward to work with it on future projects, can't believe it took me so long to get one of those
Although this mic is now considered primarily an instrument mic, that was not always the case and I've actually preferred this same basic design for live vocal use since 1970 when I bought my first one which was then known as a "Shure Model 545 Unidyne III."  That mic got stolen about 2 years ago, but remarkably was still working at the time it got boosted and I was still using it when I needed one with an on/off switch function.  I've owned or used countless modern day SM-58's and SM-57's along with dozens of other mics over the years from all manufacturers.  I have a fairly deep baritone to bass type voice and I don't need to get closer than about 7 or 8 inches to a SM-57.  To me the SM-57 sounds similar to the $469 Shure SM-7 studio vocal mic if you put a windscreen on it and get about 2 inches away.  I'd only use an SM-7 in a studio environment though because they are slightly more fragile and over four times as expensive.  By design the SM-58's require you to get much closer to the mic to get a full range sound than with the SM-57's.  I prefer the SM-57's over the SM-58's for vocal use because they sound crisper on the highs and they sound fuller on the low end.  The SM-57 sounds more natural on vocals and never sounds muddy or muffled.  The SM-57 has one of the most pronounced proximity effects of any mic I've ever used.  If you tend to shove the mic down your throat you may benefit from the less dramatic proximity effect of the SM-58.  If you are ever going to use an SM-57 for vocals I'd recommend buying the Shure A2WS windscreen with it.  That genuine Shure windscreen fits precisely and locks securely onto the SM-57.  The SM-57 will pop like mad without one.  The only possible drawback to the SM57 as a vocal mic is that there is no model available with an on/off switch these days.  I can't find a modern SM-57 with a switch anywhere.  However, if you've ever tried using a mic when you forgot that the switch was in the off position it probably just became a liability. For my money, the SM-57 is the best all around microphone of the past two generations for stage use and some recording purposes.  For studio vocals I'd use an SM-7, which really doesn't sound all that much different from the SM-57 when the built-in variable EQ on the SM-7 is set the way I like.  The SM-57 and it's predecessors are to me the best all around microphone since 1970 and certainly the most enduring and durable.  You can not go wrong unless you get too close with no windscreen.
Good all around mike. If you are looking for a solid mike to start your studio, I recommend this one. Best used for guitar and mid range instrument recording but not bad on vocals. Best mike for the price and purpose.
Seriously?  The Shure SM57 sets the standard, which by all other instrument microphones are judged.No kidding.  They work great with guitar (for a REAL acoustic guitar sound, drums, congas, tablas... You name it..  if it's an instrument the SM57 delivers.I hear it's good for vocals as well.  When the President gives a speech, the SM57 is there.In my experience a vocalist better have above average pipes to use the SM57.  The SM58 is better suited to those who lack vocal projection (most wannabe's).For instrument sound reinforcement...  bar-none... the best.
If it's good enough to track Tom Petty's vox on the heartbreakers albums, its good enough for the rest of us. Sounds great on amps and perc. Dropped one from a 12 story building a few years back into a parking lot and it barley dented the housing and still works 100%. My drummer still uses it on his kit and I never told him haha (hope he doesn't read this review!) It's a shame the new mics coming out (wireless stuff they make: IE Presentor, PG seies, digital series etc) are such flimsy pieces of garbage. This is the last of the cool from Shure.
There's a reason every mic cabinet has at least one of these (and if it doesn't, it should).  This is a great all purpose dynamic mic, I use it for instruments, vocals, even field recording sometimes.  The SM58 has a frequency response that is supposed to be more tailored towards vocals, but that doesn't mean that the 57 can't handle a voice.  They're pretty much the same mic as far as I'm concerned, and for the average amateur recording engineer or home studio practitioner I think you'll find the same thing.  And if you're operating at a level where you refuse to use them interchangeably, then you probably already know what you're looking for.  I'll be getting a 58 to add to my personal cabinet soon, but if you're like me and wanted to spend more on a nice condenser before filling out your dynamic mics, you can't go wrong here.
I use this to mic snare drums and sometimes guitar cabinets. It works as well as most mics and is more durable than most. I have used this in the studio when nothing else was available and it worked fine. As long as I run sound for a living I will keep some of these mics.
Considering that the SM57 was introduced to the world in 1967, a year after the Shure SM58LC Shure SM58 Vocal Microphone, I guess the 58 gets Batman status, relegating the 57 to that of Robin. But that's not really a fair assessment considering the 57 and 58 were developed at the same time, and except for the 58's acoustic foam lined cage pop screen, the two mics are identical electrically.The SM (Studio Microphone) 57 was designed to begin it's life in a recording studio, as a dynamic microphone used to mic the ever increasing volume of rock and roll amplifiers, drum kits, etc. In that capacity, it had no use for the pop screen of it's cousin the SM58, still one of the most sold vocal mics in the world to this day. So the SM57 slimmed down and even though it's still a fine vocal mic, you'll see it used mostly mic'ing instruments, which it excels at.One of it's long time and most important roles has been the official podium mic for the White House. A pair of SM57's is always seen on various White House podiums for press conferences and there is even a VIP bundled kitShure SM57 VIP Dual Microphone Kityou can buy for this exact type of use.The SM57 is an extremely rugged mic, built to tough standards and can take lots of road abuse. That's one of the things that makes it popular with touring bands and sound companies. And on top of that, it's just a great sounding mic for the price.There is a Performer SeriesShure Beta 57A Microphonethat looks very similar to the SM57 but the Beta 57 has a different mic capsule and transformer and sounds different. So make sure you try before you buy.Bottom line is the Shure SM57 is one tough road mic that sounds awesome and is not overly priced. A best value for sound companies, home studio recordists and touring musicians.
I use this for recording guitars as well as live vocals.  I've knocked this microphone around a decent amount, and it is plenty rugged.  I couldn't be happier with it.
This mic is well made (heavy on the mic-end).  However, I have yet to try it with my multi-track studio.
