I tune my guitars, ukuleles, cavaquinhos, and piano with various tuners, like the Korg GA-40 or Korg CA-40 or Korg TM-40, and I pair this Korg CM-100 Tuner Clip and the difference is huge.  You no longer have to worry about background noiseI clip it on the headstock of my guitar/uke/cava and it tunes them quite well.  On the piano, I can clip it on any part and it picks up on the tuner.  It works as well as most/all of the clip-on tuners you see on various guitars and ukuleles nowadays, but if you have one of the chromatic tuners that don't directly clip on (like the Intelli IMT series), then this will make it work 100x better (okay, slightly exaggerated) because the ambient noise is not picked up by the tuner's microphone.I give this accessory high marks, and I highly recommend it.
I have a Korg tuner but found that I needed this so it would not pick up sounds in the room and interfere while I was tuning my Dulcimer. Now I just plug this into the tuner and thenclip it onto the headstock of my Dulcimer. Now I can tune my instrument anywhere without picking up background noise.
The Korg CM-100L Clip On Contact Microphone For Tuners is a great product.  I would recommend it to anyone needing to tune an instrument.  My instructor, who has been playing a violin for about 40 years, brought one to my private lesson recently.  Because it did not pick up extraneous room noises, it made tuning my violin for the lesson so much faster and easier.
Not as good as the headstock tuner I purchased. I used it a few times. It can be used as tuner or a pickup for my acoustic.  I wouldn't buy another one.
I teach guitar classes at a community college and spend my days in a room full of twangin' 'n strummin' guitars. Human ears and tuners with external mics, including iPhone app tuners, have trouble in such an environment. Why? The cacophony of competing pitches befuddle both brains and tuning machines.  So I bring an extra beefySeiko Sat800 Durable Style Chromatic Tunerand Korg CM-100L mic to class for students to use. And it works great: clip to the headstock and it isolates their guitar from the din and delivers a clean signal to the Seiko.The Seiko tuner has hit the deck many times and still looks like new after a couple years. Unfortunately the CM-100L is not nearly as durable: wires are thin, delicate and prone to breaking. If I was the only one using the CM-100L, it would probably last for many years. But students are rough and can't stop themselves from tightly wrapping the wire around the tuner after they're finished (although I ask them not to). The wire gets stressed at the mic clip and/or plug and shorts out. I burn through one or two CM-100L per semester. I found a big gob of silicon sealant on stress points helps extend the life of the wire (electrical tape is useless).Great product: easy to use and makes tuning in a room full of guitars a snap. Wish they made an industrial strength model with big beefy cables...
Bought this to tune my hammered dulcimer. The clip is a bit larger than I expected, but it just fits on to the bridges under the strings. If I had paid more attention to the picture on the site I would have known how large the clip is in relation to the 1/4" plug.It does it's job, picking up vibrations from the instrument rather than noise from the room. Works well while other things are going on around you. It seems to track 'truer' with this clip than with the internal microphone, meaning it doesn't bob up and down as much. If that holds true for other instruments, I may start using this clip on everything.I saw one review mention that the clip they received was not labeled Korg. The one I got is labeled, both on the package and on the clip.
