For the price, this box works just as well as as any expensive one would. Just put in a 9v battery and it works right away. Three knobs to control tone, level and distortion to get that perfect sound. I do recommend you get a power adapter, because this eats us batteries like crazy. I accidentally left it on for a few hours and the juice was all dry, batteries are expensive, get the power supply. Overall, this is a good budget buy, you won't need to money for quality with this.
What more can you ask for in a pedal that runs you twelve clams and ships for free?  This is not the highest quality pedal in terms of construction or tones, but it gets the job done nicely for cheap.  If you are just starting to experement with stomp boxes (or you are addicted to collecting stompboxes like yours truely), you can't go wrong with the FAB line.  I find the placement of the knobs just slightly annoying, but it's a nitpick at this price point.  If you are looking for something like the Boss DS-1, this will pretty much cover the bases at less than a quarter of the price of the Boss pedal.  If you are looking for more of a light breakup kind of box on the cheap, get the dano overdrive instead (the silver one).  I also find that for about ten bucks more, Behringer makes some great clone pedals.
Look at the price, because this thing really sounds good. It's no toy, it's a real Retro Electric Guitar Effects Pedal. I'm very happy with  this purchase
This pedal works great and doesn't slide at all. The adjustment helps me to get just the right amount of distortion I need. Not the best pedal out there by far, but great for a beginner with a limited budget.
The only reason I'm not giving this one star is that I didn't expect much for such a low cost pedal. I got this for one of my guitar players so he could use it to switch between clean tones and distortion at our rental practice space before he gets the money to buy a halfstack and decent sounding pedals. We have a punk ska band (think suicide machines, sublime) and need to switch a lot in all our songs. I thought this pedal would get us by someway in the meanwhile. NOPE. This pedal sucks your guitar's tone, and you have to turn the knobs all the way to get anything going, and its not a pleasant sound either way. AVOID.
This pedal sounds great with my fender excelsior with it's 15 inch speaker and also very good with my 1960's danelectro tweed amp with it's bright weber ceramic 8 inch speaker. I can use the entire range of the tone knob to go from aggressive growls at the low end to screaming lead tones at the other end, and it never sounds harsh. The clipping is sweet and musical, with a sound very reminiscent to cranked amplifier stacks with their front ends being pushed with overdrive pedals. Sometimes I feed this with my SD-1 or my Danelectro D-2 overdrive and it just puts it over the top. FOR THE PRICE, these pedals are outstanding. The QC may not be perfect, and there are duds out there, but I would say that it is worth the risk, as the circuits in these are just like vintage pedals although they do use cheaper components and boards and such. As long as you dont literally stomp down on the pedal and you dont drop it down the stairs, it will last long enough to make it worth your while. Also, the blue LED is somewhat bright and annoying, but it is a good indicator so I guess it does it's job. Overall, rock on!
I've written here before that it would be nice to find a multi-pedal arrangement for space saving...but I still end up looking at individual pedals for their individual sounds.
The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-1 Distortion effects pedal works great and gives me that  mind blowing distortion you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is &#34; It tends to be a little noisey &#34;  if you turn the gain up too much.  You can get a noise filter to add to you pedal board that will take care of this and any other noise problems you may have.  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but thats my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great...
Great little pedal, economical and worked flawlessly.  It didn't have a power supply or battery included, for a low price what do you expect?  Besides batteries aren't that expensive.  Cranked out a nice distortion for my Fender guitar.  Great product.
Musicfriends, This is a fab item - For 20.00 You can't go wrong on this. Warm distortion and good controls. For me great studio/recording use but thats it. I would certainly not tour with it... its built cheap w. plastic housing and one circuit board squeezed in and funny enough the one piece rugged metal... is the bottom plate. Hello designers.... Metal around top and plastic on the bottom if you must. But anyways, bottom line great unit for 20.00 and sounds good very versatile.
I was looking for a pedal that didn't take my life's savings and still performed well. I found it right here, it  works well with no problems to report. next week I'll purchase another (with a different feature). It also arrived super fast.
This delay pedal doesnt give you massive distortion, but a nice bit of fuzz.  I'm impressed with what you get for the price!
I love a lot of Danelectro products, but not really this one, i give it 3/5 because it works as advertised.The features are good. True Bypass requires a 9v wall plug, and adjustments are good.BUT HERE'S MY ISSUE- The Distortion is not 'Crunchy.' It distorts, sure, but the sound is not dimensional... it has no depth to it.Thats fine for someone who is playing one of the various metal genres, but i play a lot of blues-rock... I ended up switching to a Vintage-Tube overdrive by behringer.Not for me, maybe for you.
