For the price I think it's hard to get any better than this.  I love this case.  It fits perfectly in the overhead bin on planes.  It's light and feels comfortable when you carry it.  Had mine for 2 years now and no complaints, still as good as new.  The look is not that inspiring, but it protects your guitar.  Some reviews are mentioning faulty hinges but I've had no problems with mine.
I tried this at the store.  It looks like it would protect a guitar, but the latches are kind of large and clumsy.  The interior was nothing special either.  I passed.
I recently purchased a used American Fender Strat that came with the old tweed case...nice case, but doesn't provide the protection that I need for my guitars. The Fender/SKB case is built like a tank and provides great protection and it has TSA locks for when you travel. A no-brainer for Fender guitars.
I recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars, a Fender American Standard Strat and a Fender American Standard Telecaster. One was in the SKB Fender case ($99.95 on Amazon), the other in a Gator case purchased locally.  I was told it was just as good as the Fender case. Both ended up in checked luggage.  After 1 flight from Florida to LAX and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section of the Gator case gave up.  The padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case.  Neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but with the padding loose, the Gator case is going to require some repair before it can be used again. Other than a couple of scuff marks on the SKB Fender case, it's as good as new.  I just ordered another SKB Fender case.  The Gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips with cheaper guitars.  The SKB Fenders will be my airline cases from now on.
Sturdy - great latches - I love the handle - so comfortable to carry - nice and big so it fits your hand well.Not a lot of interior storage - but my Strat fits well - it is very secure inside.There is enough room inside for a strap and a cleaning cloth, a few picks and a set of strings - but not much else.My old case I could also fit a Boss TU-3 tuner - this ensures a thinner, lighter case.The case is also very well balanced with the guitar inside.If I purchase another Strat I will purchase this case again. Great case. Heavy duty. Rugged. Sturdy.** 10-23-2012 - still holding up well!
