Dont last but a couple weeks..terrible feed back as the ends near the plugs detirorate quickly. Will never buy again even if only 5 bucks
What can I say?  It's a cable.  It's cheap, and it works as advertised.  Much less expensive than what they try to force on you at the local music shops.  Gold tips, yeah, right!
Nice one, small, soft, cheap cable with comfortable lenght. Nothing else I can say :)Take it for cheap guitars.
I've used several different kinds of guitar cables, and I've finally settled on planet waves cables. From patch cables to guitar cables, I simply trust this company. In most cases the difference between guitar cables is the same difference between an iPhone and an Android, there really isn't one - it simply comes down to user prefrence. So in that regard, I prefer planet waves cables. I snagged this cable so I had the one right angle for my pedal board and the other end for my guitar. Highly recommended!
It has what you want in a cable, and not what you don't.  Not insanely priced from having pixie gold dust sprinkled over it, but quiet and supple and uses good quality plugs on both ends.  So there it is; nothing magical, just a guitar cable.
these cables are nicely constructed. i bought them for home use only. home recording or just practicing.they seem to work well so far. i wouldnt gig with these on a regular basis, but for home use, with littleabuse, they should last.
The Planet Waves Classic Series 10ft Instrument Cable is basic, but works great and is very flexible.  Seems sturdy enough to last a long time.
I have many Planet Waves cables.  They all work well, are well constructed and are a good value.  I would highly recommend any Plant Waves Cables.
I've purchased many of these cables and I'll be getting more eventually. Cables, even good ones, eventually break. These are quite flexible, seem durable, and are by a brand name. If you need cables, these work great.
First of all I liked the fact that it came coiled in a circular coil instead of the bow tie pattern that leaves bends through out the lenght of the cord.  The jacks are sealed in rubber and provide stress relief. It sounds ok for the price.
I purchased the Planet Waves 10 Ft Instrument cable for our son to hook up his electric guitar to his amplifier. It works well...no connectivity issues whatsoever. Highly recommend.
It's a bit thinner than the average cable.Not as thick as I would like but works well and its kind of nice and slick to put away. Very smooth.
I think these are the same as the pricey monster cables and half the price.  I will buy Planet Waves from now on.
Absolutely no complaints about these cables.  We use them to power two Fender Squier Strats, and were very happy with the sound quality for our use.  The plugs are sturdy with injection molded guides/covers and provide good strain relief.  For the price there's no worry about solder quality, since any repair would cost you more in time than a new cable.We also use the more expensive metal cover Hosa Cables and see no appreciable difference in sound quality.Great for short connections for mixers or straight to the amp.Specs - 10', 1/4" mono (tip)
I bought these for spares and also use on other amps so not to have to swap back and forth.I like the right angle plug end for guitar input and fits a std. Telecaster input jack great.The flexibility of the cable itself is another thing liked. These do not tangle in use androll up easily for storage. I have more expensive cables but rather use these.
I really like this cord, it rolls easy, its long, and its got a great powdery feel to the material. I suggest having multiple of these so length wont be a problem, got 6 of'em myself, all sound great, (Right angle or Straight).Great buy, cant go wrong here.
This cable is dirt cheap, but the quality seems to be just fine.  I am using it for my primary rig setup and I can't tell the different between this and some other cables.  Recommended.
These cables are just what I hoped they would be. They work well on my electric and my acoustic. Happy guy here Thanks
I've come to the point where anytime I buy a new guitar cable it is a planet waves. They are good quality, decently priced, and I don't have to worry about them shorting out on me. Definite buy.
No problems at all with this product.  Works well with the five string bass and amp purchased from Amazon.  I would recommend this product.
I prefer this cable over a lot of more expensive cables because it's inexpensive, yet lightweight, flexible, and of more than acceptable quality. The problem with a lot of more expensive cables out there is their greater weight and stiffness, which feels nice at first and feels "more studio," but when you're actually using the cable, it has a tendency to be too heavy and get in the way of things. For instance, Monster instrument cables have a tendency to move my tuner around because of how heavy they are.For just a few bucks more, I prefer Pro Co Excellines, since they have metal ends (and their lifetime warranty is simpler, just call Sweetwater), which feels nicer to me, but I like these just fine.
Second one I bought. Lousy build quality and only lasted 3 months. Went through two of these before I learned my lesson. Don't waste your money on this junk. I love Planet Waves stuff normally, but these are junk.
I like the Planet Waves instrument cables. The cable material is very bendable and easy to work with. Great so far.
WOW,if you need a guitar cable this is it...it's metal on the tips and long and black in the body (like a long snake with shiny ends) no, it works just fine and just long enough for my playing...if you have a guitar and amp you will need this...even without a guitar and an amp it's still fun to have!!!&#60;&#60;&#60; be warned this review may not help you...so go on to the next, if you need too&#62;&#62;&#62;
I plugged in the amp, and I plugged in the bass, and there were no issues with the wire.  This is one of those products you don't want to overly notice, and in that it has done the job is is designed for.
I got a couple of these....only buy this cable if there is NO CHANCE that it will be ever used in the real world....after only a month mine has developed a nasty short in the plug....and of course , since this cord is molded/sealed up tight , it can't be repaired.......you could cut off the plug and solder a good 1/4 inch plug on it...but why bother.?....just save your headaches and money and buy a good heavy duty cord....this cord is too flimsy......its junk with a fancy molded plastic ergonomic looking plug  housing...but inside its junk....thrown away money.!!!.......buy a lottery scratch off instead,,,
Simply, these are great cables. They snap right in, carry sound well, and come with a lifetime warranty. The 15' length is just about right, and at about one dollar per foot a good value. Recommended.
I haven't used the cable yet, but it looks new and durable. The cable appears to be structurally sound around end connections and seems to be what I expected. Can't wait for the rest of my gear to get here so I can do a sound test. Based on physical condition, I would recommend this product.
A simple affordable instrument cable. I prefer cable ends that are formed (not the type which can be unscrewed), as there is less risk of breakage and noise. Cable quality is not high (for professional recorded you'll something better), but very good in general.
cable is conducive of good tone but jacks wear out after about one year of use. Still highly recommended for the money,
Great sound quality, meets full expectations. Cable is very flexible and also seems strong and good physical quality. It's worth spending a few extra dollars on a good quality cable rather than to buy other crappy cables.
This was bought based on the advice of others. I had a cable with the standard Neutrik/Switchcraft-type ends fail on me, and this cable was supposed to be either strain free or simply designed for long life because of the strain of usage.It worked great for about 4-6 months, and then broke. It happened so quickly (the trad types seem to take longer) that I swore it must have been the output jack on my guitar. After confirming the guitar was okay, I tried a shorter cable, which worked fine.D'Addario does offer lifetime replacement, but it puts you in a bit of a bind - you need a backup cable while you are waiting for a replacement, and you have to pay return shipping of the defective cable out-of-pocket. You also have to get R.A. Taken altogether, this makes it a deal breaker. The extra costs essentially make this cable as expensive as something that has a track record of lasting for years. In my case, I bit the bullet and did what I should have done the first go-round and got a really nice DiMarzio cable.Again, this cable SOUNDS good while it works - capacitance with the longer cables can be an issue. The good news is that IMO high price is not a guarantee of ANY cable sounding good. The replacement DiMarzio is another example of one that was at the top of the list with cable comparisons. I don't get into the mojo or intangible aspects that will typically find someone paying much more for a cable, but I want durability and published capacitance that is within a certain range. This one meets half of those criteria, but it gets expensive because of the potential to fail sooner rather than later. Well, expensive relative to a cable with an initially higher price but longer lifespan.So the replacement that Planet Waves sent me is now the backup, and is still in the original packaging. I figure I'll use it only for short periods while replacing my main cable, so it should last a long time in that situation. If I have a few $ for the shipping and D'Addario is still honoring the lifetime warranty if/when the 2nd one breaks, I may get it replaced. More likely I will just chalk it up to a learning lesson and toss it. Even $4 shipping is a decent percentage of the cost of a more durable cable - IMO it should be set aside to fund its eventual replacement.If this cable would have last 1.5 to 2 years, I'd probably give it 5 stars given the price. And if D'Addario took away the warranty thing, it would probably re-shape the customer's perception on what something at this price should cost, because it's a wear item, plain and simple. IDK how much R&D; it's worth their trouble to put in something at this price point, but that's is what I would shoot for - a realistically acceptable period of trouble-free use w/no warranty as the trade-off. That would NOT make it a deal breaker.
Best inexpensive right angle cables out there. I use these in my lesson room at the music store that I teach at. They will last forever if you take care of them.
I wanted something inexpensive and well made and decided to go with Planet Waves over the similarly priced Fender cable. I like it because the tip is one piece instead of screw on and the price was just right. When I have to replace this cable I will likely buy this same cable or something else by PW because of all the cables I have owned PW seems to withstand my abuse most effectively.
This cable is really good for the price! i have been using creepy cables that makes noises when plugged into the amp but this one keeps it quiet. Would like to purchase another one in the future. Buy it! it's worth it
I've used so many guitar cables over the years that I lost count. It's hard to find a tough, low noise cable for less than ten bucks anywhere, but this one is the best one out there for the price paid. Its made well, with strong plug ends and a thick yet flexable cable covering that I love. I use it for all of my equipment connections, and it simply works with no problems and no noise that I could detect. Try it out, you'll discover the same as me and my band mate's have, that this is the best cable for the money on Amazon!
Not the greatest cord I have ever used, not the worst either. I would prefer Fender Tweed cables over this one if I had to make a recommendation.
Once I switched to these cables I never use anything else now. Great connection sounds good and no issues at all.
I ordered these as both a spare and to use with my lower end keyboard (a Casio PX-320) so I could leave my expensive Roland RD-300NX in my home studio. Much to my surprise this cable is pro quality. It's as noise free as myMonster Rock 21' Instrument Cable, and I cannot tell the difference between the two cables when I am using this one with either or my keyboards. The remainder of this review is going to compare this cable to the Monster model.I'll give the Monster cable a plus for outer jacket and overall construction, but where it matters - signal transmission - I frankly cannot tell the two apart. Part of the reason may be that this cable uses both foil and braided shielding to minimize handling and emissions noise. And I am sure that the oxygen-free copper conductor also has something to do with it. Both the every expensive Monster cable and this one share some high end components and construction.I love the strain relief on this cable more than the one on the Monster. It does a better job of holding flex to a minimum, although the connectors on the Monster are a better quality.Bottom line: the Monster cable wins out in few places, but this one is no slouch or cheaply made piece of junk. In fact, I will probably keep the Monster cables in my home studio and switch completely to this model for gigging. For one thing, there is no discernible degradation in sound quality with this one, and for another this costs a fifth of what I paid for the Monster. Even if you insist on using the more expensive cables, this is a great one to have as a spare.
I own several of these cables in various lengths and am very pleased with the quality and performance of them. I use this particular length cable for patching various pieces of audio gear in a rehearsal space or for plugging into a direct box on stage.The ends are solid when connected and the cable material itself is very 'slinky', i.e. not stiff or difficult to work with like some other cables tend to be.And a lifetime warranty on the cables is a great addition at this price.
Its solid. Has great quality. & doesn't short out on you. I had it for a few months now & not a tear anywhere in site Planet Waves printed on the cord "guaranteed for life" i think they mean it XD
Good  cable works for me, using it in a rhythmtrak foot switch. Just the right length. May order more as extra's.
Solid, reliable and rocks.Works as expected and should last a really really long time. Glad I bought it. Nothing else to say. Thanks.
Very good sound and quality.  I am not a professional guitarist, so these cables will do just fine for me.
Clear amazing cable VERY UNDERRATED incredibly cheap and amazing sound quality overall
I haven't measured signal throughput so I can't comment on that.  But where this cable does impress is how easy it is to handle.  This thing simply will not crimp, will not kink up on itself, does not get twisted and has no tension in it.  It's the easiest handling cable I've ever dealt with, a real pleasure when you've got all kinds of wires running all over.  It's like a floppy noodle but light and sturdy, and the jacks are strong and stable with no loose connections.I have a 10-footer with one right-angle connection, and the right angle is a perfect fit for the jack on the bottom end of a Telecaster.
The Planet Waves Classic Series Instrument Cable, 5 feet is a very well pro made cable that has always been exactly what I needed.
What can one say about a cable?They are intended to transmit electrical impulse with the least amount in interference and this one does a superb job of just that.Why I have been thinking of replacing all of my other cables with additional cables just like this one, only slightly longer or a good deal shorter depending on the intended function.
I love the fit and the sound quality. It doesn't come loose or wiggle once in place. I'll get this one again!
A good cable for the money. Could have better stress release, but certainly plenty good enough for normal use and a very good value.
I was honestly amazed at how flexible this cord is.  I really like the right angle plug for my amp, it doesn't make the wire 'stick out' like a straight plug would.  Good stuff.
Well this cable certainly didn't last long as the title says 8 weeks.  Bought a new Fender Mustang2 v2 amp a week and a half ago.  Last night amp would turn on but wasn't putting out any sound from the guitar. Messed around a bit and it started to work.  Today same thing and it's obvious nothing is going from guitar to amp.  Thought I had a bad jack in my new amp and wasn't very happy.  Got out the old amp and guess what nothing there either.  At least my new amp is working and I only have to replace a $12 cord.Maybe I'm just unlucky and got a bad one and if I bought it at a local store I'd return it.  Not going through the hassles of mailing it back or asking for a refund.  Will just move on to another company's cord.
The cable died on me in less than a month. Very disappointed in built quality.
It does what I need to get my bass and guitar to the amp. Probablly not much use being only five feet in length for a gig or show but since I am only rocking out in my house it's no big deal.
This same chord was almost 30 bucks in a regular store it just had a different name on it, sounds great and you won't trip all over the place while rocking out, so get one today.
havent used this one yet.  i got it to run to my pedal board for those stages where the backline is not easily accessible.  seems like a well made cable and i like planet waves products in general
Always high quality for a reasonable price. More durable than the cheap cables you find online and less expensive than the 'boutique' cables.. Great working-man's gear. Not so cheap that you can't rely on them, not so expensive that you can't buy a number of extras.
It came in nice packaging.Cable looks great - feels of high quality.So far it still works well.10 ft is nice for home.If you're a performer... longer is required.
