I bought 6 of these XLR to 1/4&#34; adapters hoping to connect my microphones to an old funky mixer I owned with 1/4&#34; inputs.  It didn't end up working because I discovered I needed to convert the microphone level to line level (which these don't do), however they do convert XLR to 1/4&#34; balanced quite well.  Just not what I needed in my particular situation.
I use this adapter on the interface/mix board end of 1 channel of my XLR cable snake, to change 1 channel into my monitor return. I plug an XLR to Female 1/4" stereo adapter to the other end to create a headphone jack at the musician end of my setup. Now I can record with 6 channels, and monitor with 2. (It's an 8 channel XLR snake). Why do I go through all that you ask? because I have an 8 channel XLR snake, and instead of buying another snake, why not ADAPT the snake I have? hence the word adapter... :-P I love it. It's a great tool to add versatility to your setup, no matter what you're doing. Definately recommend this product to anyone that would happen to need to change an XLR to balanced 1/4" stereo... It's high quality, and very solid, I definately expect this to last me a long time.
I purchased this to work with my ION system and my shure mic. Arrived as expected, very solid great fit. It works!!!!
This has come in handy many times in my studio Z108.net. We love having it around. Good quality affordable price.
As the title says, it works.  The only reason I took off a star is sometimes it gets a little stuck and I have to use some force to get it off the XLR.  But, no issues besides that.
This converts an xlr signal (for me, a Shure SM57 mic) into a 1/4 male (I run it into a guitar pedalboard and then an amp).  Have no issues with performance but the converter is a little bulky especially once you clip a mic onto that.  Could be tight fitting into certain places on a pedalboard but works great overall.
I got 3 of these to plug XLR cables into the 1/4&#34; jacks on my board. I got it because my board only has 6 channels with XLR inputs. None of them work. Perhaps I got the wrong thing?
Its affordable and it works.  Its a nice little adapter for your low impedance cable to your high impedance input.
For the price, can't beat it.  Works as well as any $15 - $20 one I would have bought at local guitar stores.
Just a basic female XLR to 1/4 inch male adapter. I use these so I can plug my regular mic cables into my keyboard/practice all in one PA.
