Simple. Effective.  Just what I wanted.  Seems a tad flimsy, but, time will tell.  Tuning couldn't be easier.  Neat product.
Simple and easy to use, easy to carry around.Love it, the display is cool, and can't ask anything more.
It's not that great. You go through batteries like crazy and it doesn't work at all for bass. It's fine for guitar or banjo
Easy and quite simple to use, this tuner is accurate and none intrusive, so you can leave it on your instrument for a quick re-tune on the go.
i ordered a couple from my guitar seller...enjoyed..saw these and tried again...the box for tuner was a little smushed...but well packaged and arrived on time...will order again if needed..enjoy
Works amazingly well, is very precise, and easy to handle. I have seen other devices that would get confused about frequencies and jump back and forth between different notes. Not so this one. It is a great, reliable tuner.
works great,great little tuner,i would recomend this for experienced player and a beginner. i was skeptical when a friend rcommended it, but im pretty impressed.
This is a handy little piece, and for the money a great deal.  I have one of these for each of my guitars and they're as accurate as anything else I've used.
Well, to date, these Snark tuners have got to be one of the best tuners I've ever run across.I highly recommend them, especially the ones with the built-in vibration sensor.
I ordered this primarily for my 5 string Ovation Bass.  First, there is very little room on the head stock for it to clamp without hitting strings.  My Ovation has a beveled end to the head stock but I was finally got it on the bottom between the D & G string tuners.  It does not respond well to an open B, but octaves are fine and as long as I have confidence in my intonation it is no problem.  I tested it against some of my more sensitive tuners and found it to be spot on.  When I tried it on my Ibanz solid body 5-string I found it to be even less likely to &#34;read&#34; quickly or at all. Also worked great on my 6 strings.
I used this tuner as I transitioned from playing Rocksmith to playing in the real world. My amp had a built in tuner, but it seemed to give inconsistent readings. With this tuner, it doesn't matter if it is electric or acoustic, it gives a very very accurate reading. My luthier tunes by ear and when we tested against it, they were only off by 2 units in any given direction. Very happy and pleased with this one.
i bought three of these items after i first tried ine from a friend. and i am convince that the tuning is consistent and very handy.. a must for guitarists!
Does what it was intended to do. Completely satisfied with this purchase. Seems to work just fine for my needs.
The one that shipped was the cheaper, shiny plastic one.  In my experience this model is inferior.  Also the rubber lining inside the clip was unattached - probably the glue didn't hold?  I like Snarks and think they are some of the best clip-on tuners.  Just not a fan of the cheap, shiny plastic versions.  I'll try returning it and getting the SN-8.
Got this to tune my guitar without relying on Rocksmith on my PS3, and to double check against it. I have a pretty crappy ear, so I rely on it to tune correctly. Responds fast, display is INCREDIBLE! I wish my car dash looked like this thing. Fits easily on the headstock of the guitar, in front or behind. Tunes by sensing the vibration of the instrument, not using a microphone, so you can tune even if it is noisy. And any pedals, effects, amps, etc in the setup do not affect the tone, you are tuning the actual resonance of the string. Even picks up well enough for me to adjust intonation as well. Forced a friend who just bought a bass to get one too. For the price, I would recommend anyone who plays a stringed instrument get one.
I bought this because I bought a used Martin D15M that didn't have a tuner built in, and it clips right on the neck and is easy to turn on. The cool led readout instantly tells you which string, and gives you the "green" when the string is in tune. This is a great little tuner and I recommend it.
Really, they are. I really don't have anything more to say about it. I've played for 13 years and these are by far my favorite tuners ever. Affordable, accurate, and they don't fall off your knee all the time lol!
The tuner I choose is very easy to use, simple and small. Good for people who don't have time and patience for to conect cables to tune the instrument. I recomend it.
Great tuner for the price.Makes tunning easy and fast.The grips come off the neck on my acoustic,but works better on my electric.
It is really helpful to a person like me that knows jack squat about music. I really do recommend it is tiny so it is not all big and in your face and you can easily take it off if it does bother you.
Great tuner just bought 8 of them for X-Mas presents. Very easy to use  clip on and go. The price was great. fits in your case. battery life is good. very versatel. Tune my Mandolin and Banjo with it.and they look really cool
This little Snark is easy to carry around and works great.  I have used several different styles and brands, this is a must have for musicians.
I was not sure about this at first. Seemed too cheap to work. But I was happily surprised. It works welll.Not perfect, but not expensive.Get one.
Great little tooland very handy, a bargain and a good buy Does not mar my guitar and is easy to see,Thanks
-  This tuner is affordable and it works well. I have purchased six so far. They are sturdy. They have all come with a battery in the box you have to install yourself.-  I actually sat on one and thought I broke it, turned out the main tuner head pops right back on to the goose neck. The LED is bright in low light but does not display well in bright daylight. If the display starts to dim in the dark you need a new battery. The fairly large disk style battery cost me $9.80 for a two/pack at  Walgreens.-  We had a Birthday Jam at a friends house. I used this tuner for my guitar and ending up passing it around all night between three bass players and four guitarists. At the end of the night I gave it to the birthday boy as he had admired it all night.-  I gave one to my grand-nephews. I keep one on each my favorite acoustic and electric guitars. They stay on in their cases. I like the goose neck style but I have not tried the other no-neck swivel ones. I also have one for my Bass. It's a great musician's party favor.-  I always had trouble reading my old analog tuners in low light so I really like these tuners. Don't forget - Practice, Practice, Practice.
Snark tuners are the best.  A few months ago I bought a different brand tuner and it doesn't pick up all strings.  I bought this one and it works great.  No problems.
It's a great little tuner, great accuracy, but unfortunately, they are a bit on the delicate side. The first one started working about a week after i bought it. Just broke down. The second one i purchased had a break when it arrived. After piecing the two of them together, i have a nice stable tuner. But beware...these are manufactured on the cheap.
Snark tuners are great. Since I've bought Snark tuners, they have never broken or fell out of tuning capability in any way. I've had some for years that I still use today without ever changing batteries or anything. They are great and last forever. This one is also super accurate and allows you to really fine-tune your instrument. It have a vibration and mic sensor, so it can be attached to the instrument or set aside played in to to get a reading on the pitch that is being played. Really nice piece of equipment for a small price.
It's a pretty cool little gizmo. The clip on feature is really helpful too; makes me wonder what I did before I had one.
I have several of these for my guitar, fiddle, and mandolin.  It works well for all of them and is inexpensive.
I tried one of these on my violin at a Guitar Center where it's costs more than Amazon.I think the Amazon price is the best you'll find.It works as well as expensive tuners. In addition to tuning up the strings, I use it to practice scales on the violin and check my intonation.Be advised though, that it only registers natural notes and sharps. It does not show a readout of flat notes, instead it shows the &#34;equivalent&#34; note. But as violin players know, a B flat is NOT the same as an A#.But it doesn't just read the letter of the note your on. The graphical representation shows how close you are above or below it.For ten bucks, you can't go wrong.
This will b my 2nd one of these so to me it's worth it. The 1st one I loaned to a friend and never got back so for $10 I just got another. I think their pretty accurate. I normally tune by ear but if there's a few of us playing then sometimes someone needs one, and I always use it putting on new strings myself. As far as battery life goes you can get them right on Amazon. They are cheap you can get a package of 6, each one lasting over a year or if you prefer you can go over to Walmart and get them in the jewelery section.
I'm pretty impressed with it.  I've only used plug-in types of tuners prior, and this was a nice surprise.  I ran this through my ukulele, electric guitars as well as an electric bass.  I was blown away how it could tune my bass.  It works quickly, and it seems pretty accurate compared to my Petersen.  I would recommend it to anyone.  Took one star off for visibility.  Certain lighting and certain angles can wash out the display very easily.
My eight year old finds this very easy to use on his violin. It seems to be accurate, and he is now capable of tuning his violin by himself.
I used other clamp type tuners and this one fit the bill perfectly.  I bought my dad one, too.  he loves it too!!!
Works well even with a room full of noise....................plus it's easy to see. These are the best buy for my money when it comes to tuning a Guitar or Uke.
I used this to tune a coconut thumb piano. If it can tune that, it should handle your guitar or bass FINE. Was really impressed to see it in action. NOT THE SMOOTHEST operation in the world but it's gig-bag small and accurate.
Works great and does a good job, a must have type tool for the price get one !!! Light takes up little space and easy to use .
Clamp it on end of the neck of your guitar. Pluck a string and it will indicate what it is. Turn the tuning knob to the desired spot and you are done. Takes 10 minutes to tune the guitar. Mine is electric. Works plugged in or unplugged.
Got this tuner for my new bass.  clipped it onto the headstock, was able to tune without plugging it into the amp. clear bright display.  Might have to pickup a couple more of these for my other guitars
I bought this to use on my Fender P-bass. It is not reliable for me, sometimes it works and sometimes it can't find the low note correctly. I'm still using my Roland stomp box tuner. Glad this was inexpensive, it was not worth the hassle to return, i gave it away.
Snark tuners are the most comfortable ones you can find. And they tune with amazing accuracy. If this model had a microphone to detect sound it might have been even better, but there's already another model for that. In one way it's better because sometimes the vibration and sound sensor works together to pickup other sounds while you're tuning, so this tuner is a pretty good choice.
I LOVE snark tuners, this not being the first one I bought, nor the last. I loved the fact that I didn't have to press all the buttons like the other ones. Just get it relatively in tune by ear, then this thing will help you with the rest. My only problem is with the little rubber plastic on the grip. It has already pulled up and I only put it on and off my guitar maybe 3 times so far. I mean, I've had it for less then a month now and that is pretty bad. I'm just going to glue it back but it seems like it should have been better in that aspect. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a black snark tuner for their axe.
I have played guitar/bass for quite some time and have used numerous tuners ranging those those big Korg strobe tuners to my latest Sabine STX-1100. I liked the big Boss TU-1000 but that is overkill unless in certain situations.I was at a big jam in a nightclub around Christmas and saw a bunch of guys using clamp on tuners of varying brands and thought I would try one. I looked at the Amazon offerings and after reading reviews settled on this one over the SN1 or SN2.This is too easy and my guitar has never stayed in tune like this before. It requires no input from your guitar so can be used any time. The only thing I don't like about it is it doesn't really like the E string of my bass. I don't think it picks up those long wavelengths so well. I will try the SN8 shortly and give this one to a friend.I do recommend this for guitarists because you will always be in tune no matter the tuning. If you leave it on while soloing you can see what notes you are playing. I am my own guitar tech, as well as for a friend, and I can set the intonation perfectly with this thing.Get a Snark and you will be happy.Edit - I don't like to use this with my PRS as the headstock has very little room to clip this to. The only place to clip is the very end and you are fighting tuning keys for space at that point. If you can get it there comfortably it works but nothing like with a Fender or Gibson; both which have plenty of space on the headstock.
I had bought an SN2 and love it but I found it had a little trouble recognizing the low E on my bass. This handles bass tuning much better. The lit display is great for tuning on stage, and because it works on vibration you don't need to worry about muting when you are tuning.I also find it very accurate. I would have given it 5 stars but the battery died after a couple of weeks. This is probably the seller and not the manufacturer.
I've had a few of these things, not all the same model. This one was hard to read. I changed the battery and that helped out quite a bit. Overall I like it and use it on gigs instead of my pedal.
This tuner is super easy to use and very user friendly. Clamp it on, press the power switch, and then  pluck a string. It will tell you if you are hitting the right note and if it is in tune.I only gave this 3 stars because the battery meter only indicated 1/2 charge out of the box. It still had the plastic barrier that had to be removed to connect the battery.  Shouldn't it have a full battery since it is brand new? Not enough of a hassle to send it back, but worth mentioning.Had the battery not been an issue, I would have rated this 5 stars.
This is one of the best, simple to use, guitar tuners I've used -- and I've used a lot of them.  The bonus is that it's also one of the least expensive that I've seen.  You won't be disappointed.
Any guitarist knows how one of these works.  Clamp it on the head, turn it on, and tune.  I've tried this on several guitars as well as an electric bass.  My only real complaint is that it often takes 3-4 seconds to register the note it's getting.  It occasionally latches onto a harmonic as well.  The low E on my bass will occasionally register as a B (3rd harmonic) for example.  In general, the dullest means of plucking the string (finger instead of pick) will give the quickest and most glitch-free pitch.  All in all, it's a handy little tool to have in the gig bag.
Not quite as loaded as the red All Instrument Snark, but it gets the job done. Is very sensitive to vibration.
I've been using aKorg TM-40 Large Display Digital Tuner and Metronomefor a long time with my guitar. While adequate, I wanted the Snark because it was made specifically for guitar and the clip-on feature would counter my laziness in finding the tuner.The snark is great, and the price is amazing. The Snark, unlike the Korg, tunes by vibration.. so if it isn't attached the the guitar, it won't work. I feel that the vibration tuning is more accurate and efficient. With the Korg, the dial would spin all over the place and I would just mentally estimate where the right tone would be. The Snark is much more decisive and faster so it eliminates all the guesswork out of tuning. You will know exactly how sharp or flat the guitar is or if you want to try alternative tunings like drop-D it is so much simpler than with the Korg.No metronome but that's what I'm keeping the Korg for. I also wish that this specific came in another color other than black. There are Snarks in other colors but this model is specifically for guitars.Overall, extremely happy with this purchase.
Awesome for $10. Accurate with TV on in the background. This thing is just sweet, I just love it. Easy no-brainer.
It's just about dead-on with my Korg, which is extremely accurate. I had never seen a tuner that you can just clip onto the neck like this, and it is hugely convenient to have it sitting right there as you play. It's soft enough with the clip, that it is safe to have on a high end guitar without worrying about it scratching or hurting anything. It shuts itself off when you forget to do that -- which happens a lot. Good little tuner at a steal of a price. I like it.
I play guitar, bass and violin.....and more. I have used many clip on tuners that are two and three times the cost and are just okay. In fact that may be saying too much.  I was really surprised at the Snark SN-5 tuner.  I found it very accurate.  I compared it to my Boss TU-2 tuner plugged in to the guitar and it was just as accurate and maybe a bit tighter.  I decided to adjust my guitar intonation with the Snark (no one would ever do this...this was a test) and it was very close to my stroboscope.  I plan on buying the higher quality Snark tuner that supposed to be even tighter.  Very impressed with this. If I can take my tuner pedal out of the loop and off my board, I will be happy.  These are cheap enough to buy one for each guitar so I don't have to move it around as I change guitars during performances.
I am a long-time musician with lots of experience with tuners and stringed instruments ... wanted to like this ... but ...First the positives:- Looks great- nice, easy to read display- the screen pivots in almost every direction to suit your needs- the clip seems sturdy- tuner is compact- nice priceNow the significant disappointment:- inaccurateThe settings were on A-440 but every time I tuned an acoustic instrument with this thing, the tuning was sharp ... I tested this not only by ear but against other tuners ... very disappointing ... I have used the old Planet Waves tuners for years and had settled on them as the best choice for the price; however, since D'Addario now owns Planet Waves products, they have discontinued the tuner I like and only offer the NS Mini Tuner (it has its place I guess, but I much prefer the larger one ... too bad they made this decision IMO) ...I haven't settled on my new tuner of choice yet so for now I will keep using my old Planet Waves models ...Bottom line, no matter how nice the Snark is in many ways, the primary function is to help the musician tune accurately, not only string to string but to a standard A-440 ... having failed that requirement, it is useless for me, especially in a band situation ...
I have several Snarks. This one is the most basic. All are fast and accurate. I have many young guitar students and the Snark is the first tuner they have no trouble using. I also have purchased several red, blue and the new Super Tight tuner. The Super Tight is slightly faster, brighter and more accurate, but the speed, brightness and accuracy of all Snarks are very, very good. I own many tuners, and clip ons of many other brands. The Snark is by far my favorite. There is no close second.
I've been playing guitar for over 25 years and been through many different style of tuners. This is by far the best I've ever had. Not only is it accurate and easy to use, but it's so convenient! Simply clip it to the head of the guitar, press the only button on the unit and start tuning. Also, unlike other tuners I've used, this tuner does a great job of filtering/ignoring ambient noise in the room. I can actually tune my guitar while having a conversation, even with the TV on in the room!Pro's:- Vibrant , easy to read display- No need for cords, chargers even when used on electric guitars/bass.- Simple one button activation- Lightweight - I leave it on my classical guitar all the time, especially after restringing.- Auto Shutoff (also can manually shut it off, just press the one button a second time)- Works for Guitar and Bass (both acoustic and electric) and violin - Also works on my Ukulele!Con's:Wish I had this 20 years ago!Bottom Line:This is a no-brainer. The price, quality and easy of use make it a must have for any guitarist.
I really and suprisingly like this little gadget. It works great on my electric and acoustic guitars and really is quite accurate.
This is a very accurate tuner. I have used it on mandolins, guitars, violins and violas, and double bass. They are a little hard on batteries, but not overly so.Highly recommend!
I love the small size of this tuner, and it clips on to the guitar headstock firmly. The tuner picks up vibrations, so it doesn't require a silent room to tune an acoustic guitar. There's just one button, so it's idiot-proof. However, the button can get pushed to easily, so sometimes the tuner is on in my guitar case, running the battery out too soon.Speaking of battery, the smallness of the tuner necessitates a small battery, but I hate that they used the CR2032 battery. It just doesn't last long, and in Brazil, it's really hard to find this battery at all.
I own the SN-8, which btw, is the best tuner I've ever used. I bought this bc it said it was made specifically for bass frequencies & violin. So I wanted to use this w my acoustic bass and violin. I was also intrigued by the &#34;tighter&#34; tuning aspect of the bars on this. Let me tell you, if it worked, the bars may have been a cool feature, but when you are fine-tuning an A string and it tells you you are on E (when you know you are on A bc the other tuners all say A, and it matches the piano), then there is a problem. I could not find any way to re-calibrate the thing, so it looks like it's just defective. The one I received was completely useless.I am amazed at the great SN-8...I am disappointed in this thing. I must have just received a dud (I hope, since these usually get good reviews), but I will be returning this since it absolutely does not work correctly. On the flip side, I will be getting another SN-8 in it's place, since I know those are great tuners & I love the one I already have.
They still work years later.  I've had to change a few batteries but they last a long time.  Fabulous tuner.  Even works on a stand-up bass.  Just clip it onto the bridge.  Excellent product.
I love my Snark SN5 tuner.  It works smoothly without any issues, and allows me to tune my guitar swiftly and accurately.  All you need to do is clamp the tuner to the headstock, and it is ready to go.  The SN5 is smaller than I expected, but the multicolored meter is easily readable, and the meter can adjusted so that it can be seen clearly from any position.Using the color coded meter, you can tell whether a string is flat or sharp, and adjust the string tension accordingly.  With a little practice, tuning becomes a quick and easy process.  The unit is powered by a CR 2032 battery, which generally has a long life.Although the clamp has rubber pads, apparently the finishes of certain guitars could still be prone to damage.  The instructions states that the Snark is not recommended for guitars with the following finishes, polyurethane, French polish, and nitrocellulose lacquer.  Those with Gibson, Gretch, or Taylor guitars may want pay particular attention to this warning.  I have had no problems using this tuner on Kramer, Ibanez, Charvel, Epiphone, and ESP guitars.  The tuner also works for bass guitars and violins.  I do not have either of those instruments, but I imagine the tuner would work much the same.As there are a number of guitar tuners that attach to the headstock, it took me a little while to decide on the SN5.  Even after eliminating tuners by D'Addario and Planet Waves, selecting the SN5 wasn't that simple, as Snark makes a number of similar tuners.  I am completely satisfied with the SN5, and believe that it fully deserves a 5 star rating.  It is also the least expensive, of the tuners I was considering buying.  If the finish of your guitar isn't an issue, you may find the Snark to be very helpful.
I love this tuner... I have other similar models, and they are all great.don't hesitate to get one.These are three times as high at guitar center.  how ridiculous.ok.. this may sound silly, but just to let you know you can do it.if you hold a stick or something similar touching your throat, and clip this tuner to it, you can tune your voice with it.even holding your thumb against your voicebox and clip this on your finger will do it.cracks me up, but fun to play with
The Snark SN-5 Tuner for Guitar, Bass and Violin gives me spot on tuning. I especially love being able to tune with a silent tuner. When playing music with other musicians who are also tuning or warming up I don't have to be concerned with hearing myself pluck the strings of my guitar or violin while comparing the sound to a pitch pipe or keyboard. This tuner works by picking up the vibrations of my instrument.I decided to buy this tuner after another musician lent me his extra one during a jam session. I was really impressed with it and had to get one for myself ASAP!
