This came today and I must say that it surpassed my expectations greatly. My Takamine acoustic/electric fits perfectly and is VERY STABLE on the stand. I have 100% confidence this will NEVER tip over on its own. You'd have to be a total klutz to knock this thing over. Anyone with less than 4 or 5 stars must be a paid shill.This is built like a tank and should last a lifetime. It is adjustable (the neck) fully padded, and the two-arm base piece swivels for a custom fit. The stand takes 30 seconds to assemble and folds down for easy transport. A+++++++++++++
It's a stand, it does what it's supposed too?  That being said, I try not to use stands as they are extremely unreliable.  I use these to put my instrument down for a short time only.  These are by far some of the better made ones I've found without a contraption to &#34;lock in&#34; my instrument and give a false sense of security.  These are made no where near how they used to be 20 years ago, in a negative way, but the foam/ medical piping has gotten better as the old stuff used to scuff and deteriorate really quickly.  I'd prefer a better stand, however, I question it's existence.
This OnStage "Heavy Duty Guitar Stand" is exactly what we were looking for to hold my son's acoustic guitar. Here are my observations:+ Easy to Setup; takes just a few seconds+ Sturdy; free standing design works well+ Neck Retainer; adds a degree of protection from accidental knocksThis is a great basic stand that works exactly like we hoped!Highly Recommended!CFH
Excellent value for the money although not any more heavy duty than other stands I own. Nice and stable for my classical guitar.
This is a good stand.  I've had other stands of tubular construction in the same price range before, and this one is definitely much sturdier.  It fits every guitar I've put in it just fine, and holds them rather steady even without fastening the clumsy band across the neck.  If you have ever been tempted to lean your guitar against something, then you owe it to your instrument to pick one of these up.
Using this for a PRS electric guitar with satisfactory results.  Easy to set up. Sturdy enough for repeated use.  No worries about using this with an expensive instrument.  Simply put, it's well made and works great.
This stand was very inexpensive and I thought I could save a bit of money and give it a try for use with my Epi Sheraton II.  Unfortunately I am just not all that comfortable trusting my guitar to this stand.  It seems to be built well enough for what it is, but it seems quite unbalanced and always on the verge of tipping backwards. Also, for left/right stability you need to set the guitar just so in the bottom support piece or it seems 'tippy'.The construction itself is 'ok'. The rubber tips on the feet seem fine, but the front legs seem overly long with the rear foot overly short.  The body cradle is nicely padded but isn't firmly seated inside the center tube and even though it has a rudimentary locking design, it just isn't all that solid.  You can adjust the height but just inserting the top piece into the bottom caused deep scratches in the black paint of the top tube piece.  It ships with an unsightly white UPC sticker which must be tediously removed if you want it to look good onstage.Granted, the Sheraton II is a large and heavy guitar but the OnStage is billed as "Heavy Duty" and to me that means SOLID, which this stand just isn't, at least with larger guitars or basses.  When you use a guitar stand you can't afford to be dealing with something that is in the least bit temperamental or you risk damaging your instrument and possibly even your livelihood.Bottom line, you get what you pay for. For smaller, lighter guitars, Strats and such, it may be ok, but for Dots, Sheratons, 335's and larger Gretch's, I just wouldn't trust it and that goes for most basses as well.I will need to look for something else.
I have gone through a lot of stands and this one for the money is Great. As a matter of fact, I ordered 2 more. Get this one and have No Regrets........
This stand was purchased to replace my older bass guitar stand - which was weak and falling apart.  I neededa more heavy duty stand and this one is perfect.
