I bought the Mini Tone Master as a practice amp for my Dean EVO electric guitar, and love it -- but there are a few things you should know before a possible purchase:1. When they say "mini," they mean it. It's a tiny little thing about the size of a hardcover book (or smaller), and about as thick (2" thick or so).2. It also runs off a 9V battery, though if you have a DC9V adapter, there's a plug for it. it also has a 1/4 jack for standard headphones or earbuds as well.3. It's LOUD. Even when at low volume its tones will fill a room. This is a major plus for such a tiny, inexpensive amp.Controls on the amp are great; it has a gain/distortion knob that is almost as good as having an overdrive or gain effects pedal hooked up to a full-size amp. It's strong enough to where if you're playing small gigs such as coffeehouses or hole-in-the wall small bars, you won't need to lug along your 10W (or larger) amp with you, though that may depend on the tone your guitar puts out to begin with. Still, this is an awesome deal; I paid about $30 here on Amazon for it, so if you need a practice amp but don't want to spend a ton of cash, snatch up one of these little bad boys. You won't be sorry.
I expected this to come with a DC adapter. Nowhere is it mentioned there wouldn't be any or I could have ordered one. The product is good, surprisingly loud. The bass is too much for the body and the battery cover sort of rattles (once the battery popped out by itself when I played a low E) but that's no issue. I have only used it with a 9V battery so far and noticed a continuous noise on a high gain. I hope that doesn't happen with an adapter. It's a nice little amp, good for carrying around. If you have long fingers, you can sort of hold it between your outstretched thumb and middle finger along it's height - it's that small! A guitar strap, a backpack and a 5ft cable and you could easily walk around the house playing it. The distortion it gives is good. Not good for palm muting. This is nice for practising Randy Rhoads, The Doors -type of rock where not many effects are used.Also remember the DC adapter has a polarity outer ring + and inner -. Many adapters come with the reverse of this polarity so make sure you check that before plugging in one. It's easy to change the polarity, open the box of the adapter and exchange (needs soldering, obv) the red and the black wire places!
I like the sound of this amp. As has been said in other reviews if you want clean sound it isn't the loudest in the world, but is loud enough for practice. If you want a little distortion, turn the gain up and you can have plenty of volume. I'm using it with a cheapo guitar from the sixties, (a Decca), and I believe it produces the best sound I have ever gotten out of it.
soi f you want to turn Distor t off,u cannot.dig?it s always on...alwaysif you like hard rock that wayu need this tiny gig thingie
Sounds ok on its own, not very loud or good quality at any high volume, but then when you plug in some good headphones, AWESOME! Great gain, tone, high volume, sounds awesome, perfect to use as a headphone amplifier with some play and effect. Great sound, awesome deal. Score! :D
I have a small apartment in a small but densely populated apartment complex - space and noise is an issue. As a beginning guitarist, I contemplated a small amp but decided on the Mini Tone Master (because in my apartment, the smaller the better). Also, I had no need for ample volume or a variety of controls being at the level that I am... I just wanted something no-frills that was small, compact with enough quality sound to help me as I practice. The Mini Tone Master delivers well.I was pretty surprised at the range of sounds the little guy can produce (from distortion grungy to a softer bluesy tone). It does not come with a power adapter but we already have on in the apartments and works well with that or with a battery. Battery life is also pretty good. I've had the same battery in there for several months already, playing several times a week and sometimes leaving it on accidentally for a day or two and no signs of battery drain so far.It is a little frustrating sometimes, as another reviewer mentioned, to remove the distortion but with enough fiddling, I found a setting that was acceptable to my ears.While I didn't need volume, this little guy can be loud! No weakness there.I also plugged an acoustic-electric classical guitar into the mini tone master and it also worked surprisingly well.
Overall dimensions 6 3/4" x 6 1/2" x 2 1/4". Very nice travel size. Sound is about what you would expect. It is basically a toy. If you use more than 2 (of 10 max) gain, it sounds awful. I turn guitar volume to max and adjust volume on the amp to desired level. Tone works nicely to filter the output over all frequencies. I am using it with a Fender Starcaster when I travel for work (hotel friendly). I think it's over priced but I think it looks good and it seems durable.
In the reviews for this item, there seems to be a lot of debate over what the Fender Mini Tone Master is and how we should evaluate it.  Is it a toy, or is it meant to be a serious bedroom amplifier?  Do we review it compared only to other "mini amps", or do other small combos costing under $100 creep into the discussion?  Well, I bought one for myself and the conclusion is this: It isn't the best way to practice guitar quietly at home, but it's also also fun little product at an affordable price that sounds slightly better than you'd expect.APPEARANCE/DURABILITY - Actually, the aesthetics of the Mini Tone Master are one of my favorite things about it.  This is a $40 conversation piece that I wouldn't mind having out on my work desk as a reminder of one of my favorite hobbies.  It just so happens that it's a functioning amplifier you can plug into and practice with also?  The component actually used to make the amplifier are cheap, yet are put together in a convincing way.  Take a step back and you'd swear the hard plastic housing was actually vinyl or leather.  The "grill cloth" over the speakers is a nice facade for the hard plastic facing that protects the speakers.  Actually, while the amp is cheap, it's also fairly durable.  In fact, I just dumped it off my desk reaching over to write this review, and it seems to be working fine.  (Phew!)  It should also be noted that this amp is powered either by a 9V battery or a 9V DC adapter (a BOSS pedal supply adapter will work, for example).  While the battery option is obviously nice for portability, the red "ON" light seemed noticeably dimmer with 9V's, and I can't say how long the battery will last.  If you plan to have it in one place most of the time, the adapter is the preferred way to go.SOUND - The concept of this amp is pretty ridiculous if you think about it - a one watt output with TWIN 2" speakers.  Given that each speaker is smaller than the "tweeter" on a large stereo speaker, you won't be surprised at all to hear that there's virtually no bass in the sound.  It sounds like a poor 10W solid state amp, only shrunk down to a few inches.  At the same time, that's kind of a remarkable feat for a miniature amplifier, and it puts out a fair amount of sound.  I opted for the Mini Tone Master over some other options because it actually has a fair range of tones.  Low Gain/High Volume produces pretty good clean tones, and with humbuckers and the gain turned up, it can get a bit raunchy.  Unfortunately, the tone control either does nothing, or behaves completely irrationally.  I haven't figured out which yet.  I had it at "5" most of the time, but it didn't seem to cut much treble as I turned it up.  Actually, it got the brightest around "7", and then almost became more muffled beyond that.  But again, for a $40 mini amp, my expectations were not that much to begin with.  I do like the four knobs, and the decision to make the power knob the same size as the other knobs was a subtle touch that prevents the cheaper feel of an on-off flat toy switch.I expected the speaker to overdrive/break up if you pushed it too hard, and not in a "tube-like" manner.  That wasn't necessarily the case, but there are other problems.  Something internally rattles after the volume goes above "4", and it's not the speaker being overpowered.  This is a common issue with cheap amps, and I might even pop it open to see what is rattling around.  And the sound quality isn't objectively "good" by any means, but it is good enough to play amplified electric guitar and to hear the basic characteristics of your instrument and playing style.ALTERNATIVES - The primary reason I rated this 4* instead of 5* really isn't any of the issues above (I am happy with the amp), but it's limited usefulness compared to the many alternatives for home/quiet practicing.  My favorite of these, by far, are the Vox Amplugs, which are headphone jacks stylized after different famous amplifiers.  The sound quality those things pump into your headphones is of far greater quality (and volume/fullness) than anything this mini amp could do.  Also, they are offered at $40 or $50, so it's simply a better value.  Another alternative is to plug into a smartphone and practice with software.  While sound quality and volume are often a problem with smartphone apps, the possibilities for effects, modeling, and recording are endless.If you think about recent improvements in small size Bluetooth speakers, you realize that the sound quality on a device of this size could be far better than what the Mini Tone Master offers.  At the same time, those speakers can cost up to $200, and premium sound quality was never the point of this amp.  Your opinion of it will depend on your expectations, but if you don't take it too seriously, it's a cool little device.  And, in my book, anything that allows you to practice more guitar than you would otherwise is nothing to laugh at.
