This audio adapter works perfectly.  Why spend any more than you have to to get rich sounding audio.  I'm able to use headphones and listen to a song while a different song is playing through the main speakers.
I used this to create a custom sound card on my macbook pro when using Traktor Scratch Pro.  Did not end up doing what I needed with it, which was to be able to preview (there is a new toy on the market for that now) but it was good for adding additional channels to my limited macbook pro sound card.Good in a pinch!
I primarily use this as an usb adapter for my headphones, so that I can connect/convert the 3.5mm headphone jack into my pc.The audio adapter is well built. It has a yellow LED light that is solid when plugged into an usb port and blinks when there is a device that is connected to it through a 3.5mm jack.Installation was flawless. Windows 7 64 bit installed drivers immediately.No issues. No nonsense. Simply works!
its working great, but it does not work in stereo. It is a mono adapter, the stereo adapters are a little more expensive.
Great quality. I bought this at the same time as another 7.1 HD USB sound card, but that one break. This one has lasted. My only complaint is that even with the sound all the way down to 1, it is still fairly loud and I end up turning down the volume in whatever app I'm using.
Works well with my PC notebook and my MacBook Pro.  Sounds good.  Amazing for the price.  Good buy. Can'd go wrong.
This product has a mono-microphone input and a stereo headphone output.  It is meant for connecting a headset to a USB port.  Since the headset has a mono-microphone, this adapter works great.  The drivers automatically install on microsoft operating systems.  This product is great for using a soft-phone or other communications program.  The windows systems remembers volume settings each time it is connected.  I imagine that you could use something other than a headset with this, but it was mainly built for a headset.  Works seemless and great with a headset.
For Macs but fyi it goes out after 45mn and just need to be unplugged and back in. Not a big deal.
I got this to use on an old Mac computer to allow me to use some equipment that needed more than a line level output. It works great for that. Haven't used it for anything else, though, so cant comment there. Seems sturdy and well made as well.
The audio jack on my laptop was failing.  I had to wiggle and twist the headphone plug until I could hear both channels.  By that time half the youtube video was over.  What a hassle!  I'm trying to imagine how can I crack the case, get in there with my soldering gun to replace the audio jack when I ran across this great idea.  A plug-and-play USB device with both input and output audio jacks.  Took about one minute to install on my Dell Inspiron, which recognized it immediately.  Problem solved quickly and elegantly.Shipping was free and prompt from the Amazon partner.  Good job, Platinum Micro, Inc.I understand the input jack is mono so don't try to use this as a quasi recording studio.  And consider the availability and accessibility of your USB ports.  Then, order this great little solution to a big problem.
