I had no problems at all getting a brand new poly pro strap on these. Even if it was too snug, it wouldn't have been hard to work a strap on to these. I don't know why people are saying bad things about this product, If your dealing with guitars there much harder things to do with guitars than getting a snug leather strap onto the locks. Don't listen to the whiners. These are what they need to be.
You can find "cheaper" ones, but sometimes the Schallers are same price if not cheaper.  These are the best design of lock in my opinion and will hold up to years of abuse and use.  I've had several sets for 13+ years and use them without hesitation.
I have these on 5 of my guitars now, with my acoustic and a &#34;novelty&#34; guitar being the exceptions. I can't stand the thought of not using these after seeing too many expensive guitars hit the floor after the straps let loose. Other styles have a button, which seems more convenient, but the Schaller locks are pull style which is far more secure if something bumps the end of the lock. These are the only locks I'll use now.
I'm never playing another guitar without these locks!After my Custom Telecaster fell. The neck went out of wack, I had to readjust the truss rod and spend hours to setup the guitar again! That's every musician's nightmare!I immediately started doing research for a proper locking mechanism for my straps. Schaller kept coming up. I looked at the design and was confident it was safe to use.One issue you may run into is the nut running loose. That's not a problem with the scaller locks, it happens to anything that uses these type of nuts (it has happened on my guitars where the input jack is). A drop of glue around the threading can fix that issue easily.
These are a must-have item. Heretofore, I've been using the Planet waves strap with a straplock mechanism. While it's an innovative system that doesn't require any installation, the plastic ends are large and a bit awkward and can get in the way of things.I installed the Schallers on my Warmoth Strat body -- I found that I needed to add some toothpick pieces per the recommendations of others to achieve a super tight fit -- not a big deal at all. These Schallers are exactly what I wanted. 5 stars, and a no-brainer.
I got these for a custom les paul 5 string bass I had built and one of the locks broke off after a month and a couple of uses. Also the locks were quite uncomfortable to use. I had never used strap locks before and don't think I will again.
I have been using these for about 2 years now; I am very happy with these strap locks.  Great product.
I bought these black locks to go on a black Stratocaster I built. I don't use any strap locks but Schallers on any of my guitars or any that I build. I recently bought some Fender locks that worked fine but were too large for me and all of my existing straps wouldn't fit them.
