I bought this gig bag to carry my Fender strat around. I'm just starting to learn guitar so I didn't really know much about my options. I figured I had a Fender guitar so I might as well get a Fender gig bag.Little did I realize how good this one really is. Most gig bags don't come with all these storage pockets. There's plenty of room for a few books, an electronic tuner, string winder, strings, whatever.Padding could always be more, but that's the case with probably any soft-shell bag you buy.All-in-all, I like this bag more and more since I've discovered that all the other options in the price range aren't nearly as good.
I really like the deluxe bags by fender.  Plenty of space for stuff, good straps and carry options and enough padding to provide as much protection as a soft bag can.
The previous reviewer obviously got a defective case. The case I got works incredibly well, and always keeps the guitar well protected, and my back comfortable while carrying it. It has a lot of space, and it looks pretty good too. I'd recommend it to anyone!EDIT* I've had 3 good years with this bag, and it has still yet to rip on me.
I bought this bag mostly for practice sessions here and there, or across town. It's a decent build quality, but I wouldn't feel comfortable assigning it to gig duty. It's got a fair amount of padding, and a nice storage array, but once again, I personally feel this bag is more suited for a 12 mile trip to practice or lessons.
I just got this and love it.  My Fender Stratocaster fits perfectly into the bag, padded well too.  I can fit all of my &#34;stuff&#34; into the MANY pockets as well.  This bag is amazing and nothing like what I expected for the price I paid.  It has shoulder straps to carry the bag and contents on my back and also has a large loop to hang the bag on a door or hook too.  If you need a bag to protect your fender and to carry you stuff in, buy this one.  I LOVE IT.  I would expect to pay a hundred bucks for this kind of quality but only spent 30 bucks.
This is an excellent gig bag. Plenty of compartments for all of your accessories. Well padded and has enough carrying options. A good buy.
