I got this to plug into my computer. It comes with a wealth of programs and amp combos. The unit itself works as planned even though i think i may stick with Sonar as far as a editor. Sorry Behringer maybe later. The quality and durability are there 100% well worth what i paid for.
I was excited to get this product and use my electric guitar with garageband.This product plugs into the usb port and the guitar plugs into the 1/4&#34; port (the product specs does not show or say 1/4 plug port).My product has an orange USB light instead of a blue one. The support people at Behringer tell me that they changed the color to match their logo (sounds like BS to me).The problem I had and the reason I bought this is that I tried plugging my guitar directly into the computer with a 1/4-1/8 adapter chord. It works but the levels are too low. When I received this, I was hopeful that the levels would be higher and they are, but not by much. It is a step up from the adapter, but far from professional. I'd say the level is beginner/intro level sound and quality.I bought a &#34;like new&#34; product describing faded or damaged packaging. When it arrived, the pkg box was dented (I don't care) and product looked new inside. But, all the instructions described a blue USB light and CD of driver and recording software which this did not come with. Behringer gave me a link to download. I assure you it's crapware and beware. For the mac, garageband is far better and easier to use.Rock out!
I was previously using a Rocksmith USB Cable, but wanted a specific cable for my iMac. This unit definitely fits the bill, and from what I can hear when playing, has an even lower latency than the RS cable. I was getting a little unwanted slapback with the RS cable, but this unit seems to have taken care of that. It's also quite nice to have a headphone jack right up front for quiet practice times.The software that comes with this Interface is a joke, and is about as useful as an AOL disc. Since I use Logic Pro X and MainStage 3 it wasn't a loss to me, but if you are buying this interface for the fact it comes with &#34;Amp Tones&#34;, you might want to look somewhere else. I couldn't even get the software to load on my 2013 iMac.
Use this to record my guitar on Garage Band.  Works and sounds really good.  I would recommend it.  Great value
This product has turned out to be great with few exceptions.  It comes with three amplifier software packages and says you have the license to turn on any one of the three, not true.  The license included only works for one amp, the AC box combo and not the other two, you need to purchase the license for them.  Plus the instructions for getting the system installed and operational are poor.  You cannot run the output through your sound card to your PC speakers due to latency.  You must use the headphone jack on the interface.  In addition if you are in an austere environment and can't get to the internet to register your product immediately you are out of luck trying to make it work.  Once you overcome all of these obstacles it is a good little product.
I use this to practice at my computer to keep from disturbing my wife when she is studying or my daughter when she is sleeping. Great little box!
I ordered this so I could plug my guitar into my computer and record music. Works well. Quality German manufacturing as always. Nice. I would definitely recommend this. It worked with my windows 7 starter, Acer netbook.
The Behringer UCG102 device is an aging (yet affordable) piece of hardware that offers the intriguing option of plugging your guitar directly into the USB port of a computer.  This opens up a number of possibilities for recording or simply for playing with headphones.  For the budget player, it could be argued that a mere $32 investment unlocks a world of free amp modeling and recording possibilities.However, while the actual hardware is compact and seems function properly, there are some significant problems here.  First and foremost, there is the problem of getting the device to work, getting the software to recognize it, and configuring it to run without significant "latency" (which is a delay effect where you don't hear a played note immediately when it's played, which can make monitoring anywhere from frustrating to impossible).  The UCG102 runs on an ASIO driver.  They include an older version with the software, and you can snoop around online and find other options.  But that doesn't mean it will necessarily work with your software, or work well if it does.  For example, Audacity is a popular "freeware" program you can use to record and mix audio files on the computer.  I've been told that Audacity doesn't work with ASIO drivers, and when I got it to record, the latency issues rendered it unusable.You do receive two other software options with the device.  The first is energyXT2, which I believe includes a license for the compact version.  In theory, this program should work like Audacity and contains a number of amp models and effects, in addition to drum and bass track loops.  However, I have had little luck figuring out how to monitor and record with this program.  I'm sure it CAN work, but if you need a computer science degree to figure it out, that's really not ideal for a budget product.The second item is a trial disc with Guitar Combos by Native Instruments.  So far, this has been the most impressive of the options offered.  You can demo three different amp simulators (Vox, Fender, and Marshall) and then enter a code to unlock one of the three.  I like that it gives you an interface similar to a real guitar amp, which allows you to dial in some realistic tones.  It's also the only program I've been able to get the headphone jack to play through both ears in (there are problems with recognizing mono vs. stereo).  I adjusted the sound quality to get latency down to 8 miliseconds, which is just into the range where I don't notice it as a problem.  Still, while the models sound good, I'm not sure how often I would bother plugging into my computer just to do basic playing and recording.Shortly after ordering this device, I discovered that my sound card has a blue "line in" audio jack on the back.  By running a simple 1/8" to 1/4" audio cable from my pedal board to the sound card, I can do direct recording, which is monitored through my computer speakers (no latency) and sounds great.  Even better, this method works through Audacity and allows me to record and layer tracks.  If the UCG102 worked as advertised, it would be a more convenient way of doing this, but I simply can't recommend it for most people.  I feel like there's "4-star" potential somewhere in this device, but I doubt I'll ever have the patience to unlock it.  3 stars.
..it works.But expect some flaws.First,finding a driver to use was a pain.It doesn't come with a software disc,so look on Behringer's support site for driver download.Whatever driver you do use it kills all other audio,you can't run any other media player and get sound.My advice is unless you have a dedicated PC or laptop for using this...get something else.
