2 15&#34; speakers each with a horn built into the cabinet. These hold up great year round. I will more than likely take the speakers down to make sure they don't fall onto my baby grand...
no problem...it came today like the computer said it would... the box was mint...to my surprise there wasn't even any tape on it... I opened it ... pulled it from its plastic sleeve and set it up on about a minute it was holding a speaker cab...thanks again Amazon....and why would I shop any where else?
It is lighter than most, fast and easy to set up and not bulky while strong and sturdy enough to support heavy 15&#34; speakers.The material and paint quality is not the greatest but the price is good and it will last long enough to worth the money especially for me gigging 4-6 times a week.
I only needed one, I haven't use it, but I'm sure it's going to work well. This is going to be use for a piano amp which will help with the sound of the amp when put on top.ffsalsa
Okay here we go again what can be said about this roduct except that it works and does what it us supposed to
It's a cheap speaker stand. Heavier, in terms of weight, than I thought it would be. Cheaply made, the safety pin is kind of a joke. Overall though, it'll do the job. I would not use this at the highest height setting, but one or two notches lower, else it starts leaning.
the knobs seem very easy to over tighten, I haven't done it yet but I'm planning on treating this stand with the utmost care so as not to have any surprises when I put my expensive PA speaker on it
If you have really large or heavy speakers, you might want to consider professional grade stands, but these will work fine for any speakers under 35 lbs. or so (maybe more, if you keep them lower down).  They look nice, and are easily worth their selling price.They do not include any additional hardware for mounting the speakers, so you'll have to figure out what you need, and buy those things separately.
I own a mobile DJ company and have 4 ultimate TS-90 stands and i'm really not happy with them.  This product is simple does the job and is well priced.  They are a little heavy at 9 lbs per stand but i like the look and operation of them.  I've been happy with them so far.
