I needed a nice sounding classical guitar for dinner gigs.  I went to the large Guitar store and tried out several in this price range and couple hundred above and settled on this one because of the sweet sound and workmanship.  For the money I don't think it can be beat.  Mahogany not plywood sides and back and Cedar top make for a really nice mellow tone and a bone nut and saddle thrown in for good measure.  Bone does make a considerable difference I have found.  All the finish is excellent.  Now for some down sides.  Yes the frets were not finished up to par on the ends.  As for leveling it seemed OK.  So I took some time and masked off the fret board and finished the frets flush with the fingerboard and rounded the sides and tops.  Cedar will scratch and nick just looking at it.  You can make your own clear plastic pick guards to any size by going to Wal Mart and in the material sewing department you will find clear plastic in large rolls.  You can buy a half yard long x 54" and make enough pick guards to last a life time for a couple bucks.  It clings to the gloss finish nicely. (Do not use this on old guitars with Nitro finish it will eat the finish instantly)  Same goes when changing strings.  Put some masking tape at the end of the bridge on the top to prevent the strings from scratching the Cedar top.  Overall like one reviewer said this guitar is hard to put down.  I put a Baggs I-Beam pickup in it also.  Easy installation and nice natural sound.  It is nice as it does not have a big EQ cut into the side of the body.
I've been playing guitar for 40 years. This was my 1st decent classical guitar. I own a Gibson Hummingbird and an Alvarez acoustic as well as electrics by most major manufacturers. I like the fact that it has a truss rod which I've already adjusted to improve the action. The tone is very rich for such an inexpensive guitar. The finish is pretty and I like the solid cedar top. It records very well and sounds as good as more expensive models. The case is nice as well. So far I've had no problems. I bought new strings but haven't replaced them yet. The old strings are very worn but the guitar still sounds loud and &#34;alive&#34;. I'm sure new strings will also improve the already wonderful sound.
Just starting out (again) playing guitar and ordered up this Classical. From the moment I took it out of the box I was impressed. The finish was really nice and the sound is awesome. Seems to stay in tune pretty well too. For under $300 you can't go wrong :-)
This is the first guitar I've bought without playing it first, so I was apprehensive. But it's a fine guitar. It's plain to look at - no decoration or embellishments, but the sound is rich and full, as if it were at least ten years old. I like the nut width and the action is perfect for my playing. The tuners are geared low, which allows precise tuning. It came with Savarez strings - not the best I've used, but good. And I was pleasantly surprised with the gig bag. It's strong and durable, and well designed. All in all, I doubt I could have found a better quality product for such a low price.
We went to the local GC to try out different guitars, mostly blind to the price, just looking to see what we liked best.  After a couple of hours, we found ourselves repeatedly coming back to the Cordoba C5.  It has a nice resonant sound, good playability, and very attractive finish.  The room we were in at GC had classical guitars up to $1200 and we really didn't find a guitar we liked better.  We had a $50 coupon, so we bought it from GC, but afterwards took it to our local music shop to have their tech look it over for us.  He was also very impressed, especially with the fact that unlike most classicals, this one has a truss rod adjustment.  It required only some minor adjustments and not a complete setup.
I snagged this beauty during a holiday sale here on Amazon and this baby is wonderful for the price. I previously had theLucero LC100 Classical Guitar Black (Black)which I was completely happy with as a beginner. When it got damaged beyond repair, I looked into theCordoba Dolce 7/8 Size Classical Guitarwhich was absolutely wonderful but I decided I didn't really like the size, so after liking the Cordoba brand I decided on the C5.It is absolutely a wonderful guitar at this price range. The Lucero was great for my level and it was decent enough to look at but the C5 has a vibrancy and deep tone to it that I was surprised to hear from a budget guitar. While it isn't it the prettiest guitar out there, it's by no means ugly. Even though mass produced a lot of quality is still apparent in this guitar.The smell of this guitar is also amazing. It doesn't have the cheap wood glue smell of other low-end guitars, but a nice rich smell of wood. Even after a few months, kept in a humicase, the sound is great and that fresh wood smell is still present.All praise aside, it is not a flawless guitar. My main complaint would be that the action is really high but this is something that is pretty common with new guitars, especially those at a lower price range. Not necessarily a flaw but something to be aware of: being a cedar guitar, the wood is very soft so I recommend wear soft clothing without buttons or zippers on it while playing because these will leave small dents on the back of the guitar.I do enjoy the padded gig bag and thought that it was a nice touch to the package. It is a high-quality gig bag with lots of padding. Inside the bag is a velcro neck rest with a strap to keep the guitar in place. It also has a large front packet that is large enough for a few music books. When I ordered this guitar from Amazon, the guitar shipped inside the gig bag and inside of a big box. I had no issues with shipping and the guitar arrived safely.Overall, I do not regret this purchase and once I take it in for a setup to get the action lowered, it will be a superb guitar that I will enjoy for years. Highly recommended!
