Too much noise with one spot. This was way better.Lot of feature.Outlets 1&#8211;3 can all be used to power either 9V or 12V pedals. For each outlet, just use the VOLTAGE SELECTOR switches to choose the voltage you need, plug in your pedal and go!Outlet 4 works the same way and gives you a similar choice &#8211; except that it&#8217;s between 9V and 18V.Outlets 5 and 6 may only be used one at a time. If you use them both at the same time, you might get some noise. Like outlets 1&#8211;3, outlet 5 gives you a choice between 9V and 12V. Outlet 6 is a 12V AC outlet for pedals that require AC power.6 isolated outputs delivering 300mA each (centre pin is negative) AC output at connector 6. Will power all pedals.Most of my pedals are 20 to 30 mA. So potentially I could have 40 plus pedals in a chain. AwesomeAll the cables you needLike all T-Rex Fuel Tank power supplies, your new Chameleon comes with a full set of cables to help you keep your board clutter-free. Once you&#8217;ve selected your voltage options, just plug in and play!Excellent!Don't even think about it.Just get it.Highly recommend it
Its a very nice way to ensure all your pedals are powered properly. And ive noticed it helps cut down on excessive noise generated by pedals with when cheaper power sources are in use. I wish the power cable for the supply was longer but its nothing an extension cable cant fix. Weird thing was that the switches for voltage options were installed upside down. I lt didnt bother me really but if you get the same situation and you cant stand it, im sure you coukd just open it up and flip the little switch box around.
I picked up an old Boss ME-6B that required the Boss BRA-120 power supply. That thing outputs 12vAC. It also has a different size connector. Being that those wallwart power supplies go for around  thirty dollars, I wasn't interested. So instead I spent ninety more dollars on this fuel tank and got a DC Power Plug 5.5x2.1mm to 6.3X3.0mm female adapter. Using  the 12vAC output on my Fuel Tank Chameleon works great. Awesome overkill solution. It also powers everything else and looks fine doing it.
This power supply is unbelieveble versatile... when i first saw this i believed it was only for 6 pedals but it turns out it can power up A LOT pedals better than any power supply out there.... this power up my 12 pedals i got in my pedal board and i can even power more... im buying 3 more and it will work, only with this!! Thats why i say this is the best on the world!
I was using a Joyo Power supply and when I bought my Fuzz I ran out of plugs so I bought this. It does the job. I plan on getting a couple of the Juniors next since I only have 1 18V pedal and the rest are 9's
its a must have for guitarist with multi effects.  it comes with a range of wires but I did not like that you camt use the last two ports together (the ac ports).  other than that it good
With this power supply you can offer to your pedals 9Vdc, 12Vdc, 18Vd or 12Vac. I'm using 8 pedals conected to this power supply, and I don't have any kind of noise or hum.
