I love these strings. I'm a novice and have been using the strings that came with base which were roundwound strings. I don't like the sound my fingers make when moving between notes. With these flats, the sound is gone. What more, the sound of these strings is a lot more bold and has some awesome tone. It's easy to tell what strings are for notes, but just in case you have a hard time telling thickness for some reason, they are color coded to help with that. I can't speak out about other types of strings, but I love these over roundwounds in both how they play and the sound. I will experiment with other flats over time, but I am very happy with these.
I absolutely love these strings. I'm used to playing higher tension strings and these fit the bill perfectly. They have a great full sound and after breaking them in after a couple weeks of playing they give a really good classic P bass sound. Its not for people who want the modern brighter sound but for the classic 50s 60s and 70s sound these are great!
Who would have thought you could buy "quality" bass guitar strings from the same place you can buy your DVDs?The strings are, with out a doubt, real Fender strings. And even with shipping coasts they are STILL comparably-priced if not cheaper then buying them at a nationaly franchised music store.But...Because you don't have the opportunity to compare strings; I do recommend that you know what you want.I've also purchased "top shelf" guitar stings, as well as a variety of other products, from AMAZON and have ALWAYS been satisfied with the qualiy and service.
Good bottom, the stainless give's you a nice treble,there's still a good flatwound sound, i use roundwound on my other basses but it was nice to come back.
In a world of round wound strings, flat wounds (the original bass starings) aren't as popular. These are nice and bright ... love 'em!
Strings are so subjective and perform so differently depending on the instrument, I have a hard time reviewing them. I have them on an older MIM P bass and am quickly falling in love with them. I tried GHS flats on this bass previously- about all I can say is meh (too rough - they feel more like half rounds, just not the right tone on this particular instrument). I've got another P bass (fretless) with Labella Jamerson's on it (which are still my favorite flats), but these are a close second. Add to that they're half the price of the Labella's, and we've got an easy winner. They're silky smooth, and probably more versatile than the Labella's as there's plenty of top end for a wide variety of styles and music. My tone knob has never been more useful!
Great flatwound strings. I put these on my J-bass over a year ago and they still sound and feel awesome. They are stainless steel and very smooth. I have never tried other flats except for chromes on my Tele and Fender tapewounds on my fretless, so my view may be biased. For what I paid and how they sound, feel, and have lasted, I am very pleased.
