Reduces string noise as promised.  Makes slides much easier to accomplish with ease and less noise.  I think they also do reduce some finger soreness as your fingers aren't as irritated from sliding on bare strings.  Makes them feel kinda like elixirs, but sounds a lot better and you still have the naked strings feel.  Also does make the neck a lot smoother.  I will be buying more for all my guitar cases.
I was hoping this product would eliminate string "talking" and had mixed results.  It helped some but didn't get rid of the noise entirely.  It also makes the strings feel nice as well.  I will continue to use it.
I can't remember how many years ago I started using this great stuff.  Like everything else, moderation is the key and having good clean neck and strings is where it all starts, but a quick spray and a wipedown with a lint free cloth does wonders before every time I play!
I've been using this product for many years. It has always worked well for me. I just spray a little on my hand and then rub the neck and strings, and I'm good to go!
I bought a new guitar & got it a day before my fingerease was delivered. My fingers were squeeking & sticking on the strings & back of neck, BAD!!After applying fingerease no more squeeks & much easier to move up & down the fretboard!!This stuff has been around for years.1st time I saw it was 40 years ago.Can't argue with that track record!!If you never used it get a can, you won't regret it!!Joe
I've been using this stuff for about 8 years or so and I really don't play without it it makes chord changes faster and easier and your fingers slide real easy.
If you haven't used this stuff, and if you plan to play 'squeak-less' guitar, take the risk. Buy some.  You'll wonder how you ever played without it.  You might even become the next Joe Satriani!
Makes the strings nice and easy to fly over. No buildup, or residue on your fingers either. I like this stuff.
Apprehensive in buying let alone using but glad I did. Not an everyday product - but when your strings still have their tone but have lost a bit of their glassy feel . . . start to feel scratchy, this is a quick fix until you're ready to re-string.
I've been using this product for years now and it is truly outstanding. It provides a terrific slick feel to the fretboard and makes playing much easier and more enjoyable. Clean, no residue from repeated use, and the glide across the strings is super nice. I use it regularly on my USA Stratocaster maple neck and wouldn't leave home without it.
It claims to stop &#34;string talk,&#34; when you rub fingers on wound strings. It doesn't. But it does reduce it somewhat, and it also helps me keep playing even when my fingers get sore from playing too long, or playing a new song over and over.I gather my fretting fingers together and spray a little bit of this stuff right onto my fingertips. Seems to help my callouses without messing them up, and reduces the tenderness under the callouses that comes after a lot of playing.
This stuff is great. The other guys are always coming over and grabin a shot or two cause I leave it in the pedal board. Iv'e been using this for years. I like smooth slippery strings for speed and ease. Humidity  not a problem with this stuff. .
I've been using Finger Ease for years and always will on my acoustic and electric guitars. It has multiple uses:-Cleans off residual oils and buildup from your hands, extending the life and tone of your strings-Lubricates strings and neck for faster and smoother playability, though this effect does typically wear off after an hour or so-Works decently well as a polishing agent to rub off finger prints, etc. from the top, sides, and back, will not harm most finishes (as far as I know)I usually just apply it before playing but using it after could definitely be beneficial as well.I did read that the compound is conductive and should be kept off of your pickups to avoid interference. I'm not sure if this is true as I've never noticed any problem when the spray gets on my humbuckers. However, I typically try to keep it off of electronic  components in general just out of common sense.For under ten bucks, the can will last you awhile.  Just order a few at a time and find free shipping, you'll find yourself wanting one in each guitar case all the time.
