I'm not sure what else to say. The picks work well and they don't wear out easily. I like these because they have a nice grip and when my fingers get sweaty they don't slide out.
the are last forever! much better than plastic ones, especially if you stay in the light thickens.  TH ANK you!
The .6 MM pick has just the right amount of flexibility without flapping around like thinner picks. And the dunlop nylon standard is my first choice for mountain dulcimer playing. I know people use yogurt containers, credit cards, bird feathers and even coffee stirrers for picks, but for me, the consistency of the Dunlop pick can't be beaten. And the price is right, too!
I only use Dunlops. For a number of reasons. First, the texture of the plastic gives a good sound, and easier to hold on to. Second, the "grippy" texture they put on them makes them easier to hold on to. Thirdly, they make many sizes, for all the right occasions. Two thumbs up!
Perfect fit for me. I don't like a pick that is to stiff, and I like the grip. My hands sweat a lot so I really need the grip.
Durable and affordable. The .60mm is a perfect thickness for those looking to strum and occasionally pick.
I'm an Irish-style DADGAD guitarist.  These picks cut through the string really nicely, and are great for driving rhythms.  I'm starting to lean towards the Tortex .5mm, though -- I think the roughness on the surface of the Dunlops adds a little bit of scratch to the sound that I don't like.  Still, great picks.
I've used the .60mm and .73mm Dunlop Nylon picks during my entire professional music career. I rock hard. Acoustic, electric, and Bass! I've tried almost every other pick on the market and they break far too easily. Dunlop's Nylon picks don't break, and once you find the thickness that fits your needs, you'll find that they have excellent string attack and are easily kept in grip. I rarely ever drop one of these picks while preforming. Maybe 5 times in my entire career. Buy these picks.
Pretty flexible due to the 0.60mm thickness, I would recommend the Dunlop Max Grip picks over these picks.  The Max Grips have a much better grip.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I like a flexible pick and these at .60mm work just fine.  They are also in a good color so they don't stand out too much.
i'm a beginner on play guitar and most time i play strumming in church praise team. when i play faster songs, thick gauge picks are very easy to lose. so i like to play with thin gauge picks. i have used the 0.46mm (white)one and i want to make the guitar sound more brighter. i pick this gray one and i played last friday and sunday worship, it made sound that i desired and it wouldn't fly away from my hand while i was plying fast praise songs.
As a vast multitude of guitar players will solemnly agree, we all have experienced the search for the personal Holy Grail of guitar picks.  I am no exception.  Dozens and dozens of makers, styles, shapes, gages,  materials,  price ranges, (oh ya, the 30 dollar picks), you name it, I've tried it (even nail picking on metal strings).  Now if you are new to the &#34;perfect pick quest&#34;, you must understand that picks are as subjective as scent, with personal grip, sound interaction, a host of music ingredients making your Grail different.  However, if you play a light metal-string acoustic (my main is an Aria AF tenor guitar), check out these Dunlops .60 Nylons.Even within the Dunlop line, I have tried the different grips and thickness gages, and after all said and done, these relatively cheap picks are all that have remained standing as my first choice.  Just heavy enough to be heard unplugged without folding the pick around my thumb, light enough to strum fluidly without yanking at my lighter strings, just the right material to keep my low strings thumping and my high strings singing.  Even the Dunlop Nylon Max grip of the same .60 gage didn't acoustically perform quite the same.Would I try another pick if the chance was presented?  Sure, most of us would since the quest for the Holy Grail never truly ends,  but until then, Dunlop's .60 Nylon is without hesitation the closest thing I have gotten to pick perfection.
These just happen to be my favorite.I always keep .46mm .60mm and .73mm sizes on hand. (mostly use the .60's) I've been using them for years and so will probably never change. I like the 'grippiness' of them .... I hate smooth picks.Picks are cheap so just keep trying different ones until you find one you like.
