I like the product a lot. For me, the only problem is the time of the "sustainer effect".It is not so long as I thought. I though it would be like the piano's sustainer. But it's a good pedal effect. My guitar get a good sound with the "attack effect". Thank you.
As several of the previous posters astutely mentioned, 'you will need a noise gate to use this pedal'. I completely agree with that. And it will sustain your notes. It will actually raise the volume to make them sustain. But you will have extraneous hiss when the guitar is not playing to cover it up. The only way to get rid of this hiss is to use a noise gate. I use the NS-2 when I use my chain of pedals. That said, this pedals has some wonderful uses. Every note will have the same volume. You can hit the chord as hard as you like or as softly and it will play at the same volume. You can set it to sustain for days. Again, you will need a noise gate. There is nothing transparent about THIS compressor as there is almost all of my other compressors, but none of them are as "ACTIVE" as this one. Perhaps that's the price you pay for what this pedal can do. I recommend messing with it quite a while. You can do some incredible funk, jazz, metal vibes out of it.
Man this is perfect! Some people says that the cs3 is noisy but I thinks that depends on what type of electric conections you got at home or place you play, if you don't have a independent circuit for your pedalboard there's gonna be a lot of noise, most of all bcuz of the compression (obviously)... For me this is PERFECT, doesn't make any noise with my conections... Tottally recommend this!
The Boss CS3 is right for me, I have been using it with excellent results, I have many compressors, Line6, MXR, Behringer, Digitech, and although I alternate their use the Boss stands out on many rig configurations, it can feel a little bit overcompressed sometimes but in general a very good product, I highly recommended it as your main compressor, if you dont like it probably you dont know how to configure it, good luck.
It really pains me to give anything but a 5-star review to a BOSS product, since I'm such a big fan of their product line and build quality overall.  Those compliments apply equally to the CS-3 Compression Sustainer.  And it does do the job reasonably well without me having to worry about putting a less-reliable brand in my signal chain.However, there are some minor issues with this pedal that you need to know.  The two most common complaints that I see are that it adds "noise" to your amp and that it changes the tone a bit.  The former complaint is probably true, though if you're enough of a hobbyist to use a Compression Sustainer, you're probably already contemplated using a noise gate/suppressor, such as the BOSS NS-2.  Problem solved.As for the latter complaint (changes tone), that's also true, but it's not necessarily a bad thing if you LIKE the tone that results.  The whole point of the CS-3 is that it's supposed to cut out the extremes of your tone and sustain it.  This can result in a muddy, "neutered" tone, though you can play with the TONE and other settings to help it.  I also find that with the settings all at 12 O'Clock, the output is too quiet compared to other pedals at default settings.Really, while BOSS pedals are considered to be "expensive" compared to many of the other effects out there, the CS-3 should really be viewed as a "budget" or "entry level" compressor, when you consider that most of the quality compressors are either in rack units or something like a Keeley Compressor costing north of $200.  The best thing you can say about the BOSS (even compared to the similarly-priced MXR options) is that the CS-3 gives you a great deal of control over your compression for a reasonable price.  The biggest negative of the pedal, in my opinion, is that the resulting sound might seem a little too...compressed.But there are a lot of things you could do with a CS-3, and it works best paired with other pedals (chorus, delay, some distortions) that you're trying to smooth out.  Ultimately, it's a pedal that could have been better, though there aren't too many significantly better alternatives until you get north of $100 anyway.
As a pro musician, I am always on a quest for better tone to expand and comply with different gig situations. I had a bad experience with a few Compression Pedals through my years only to toss them in the closet & give up on the thought.When I upgraded my pedal board, I decided to give the idea of adding a Compression unit to give my G&L; American Legacy (Stratocaster style guitar) more sustain at lower volumes. Boss is the company that dominates my effects board... I rely on their Chormatic Tuner, Digital Delay (2 of them), Line Switch & Direct Box almost every night (for gig & Practice).With a somewhat negative attitude going into this I had a great surprise to find that I really, really like this unit. It did what I wanted & then some! Great tone & sustain oozes from this little box & stays in the "On" position for most of the time I am playing my electric guitars, especially any Stratocaster styled guitar I own.
