I am normally a guitarist in my band, but I have found myself at times needing to play the keys also. Having two instruments to play, a pedalboard, and mic stand is a lot of real estate on the stage, so this adapter made things MUCH better for me when I find myself back in that position. Works great with my On Stage Keyboard Stand. If you play keys and are also a vocalist, this is a must! Worth every penny.
The vibrations produced at touching piano keys are transmitted to the microphone. It now rest at bottom of a box.
Great idea for keeping the stage floor less cluttered. Fits a standard X-stand just fine and makes a very secure connection.
works with myOn Stage KS7191 Classic Double-X Keyboard Standi got it to attach my mic to it - using this stand by On Stage as wellOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Blackworks as advertised.  You just twist the knob to apply pressure so it fits in the tube.also comes with the stopper so you can quickly remove this attachment bar and reattach it.
I have mine attached to one of the support arms on myOn Stage KS8291XX Pro Double X Keyboard Stand. While this attachment is designed for both square and round tube supports, I was unable to use it with anOn Stage 2 Tier Folding Z Keyboard Standeven with the top tier removed. The reasons for the problem with the latter stand is the friction fitting on the attachment bar was too small for the oblong support tube, and had it mated, the height of the attachment bar would not have cleared the top of the keyboard.When attached to theOn Stage KS8291XX Pro Double X Keyboard Standwith anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Blackattached to the top screw-in post that perfectly mates with the boom, this attachment bar/boom combination easily clears the height of either keyboard I use (aRoland RD-300NX Digital Stage Pianoor aRoland V-combo 76 Key Stage Keyboard).Bottom line, make sure your stand can accommodate this attachment bar (according to the manufacturer it will work with most X-style stands), and carefully measure the height of the top of your keyboard from the center of the support arm to which this attachment bar will be inserted. The total height of the attachment bar after insertion is approximately 7.5".  If your keyboard is still too high for the attachment bar + boom or other mic holder to clear, you can gain an additional 3" with aShure A26X 3" Mic Mount Extension Tube.
This is working for me quite well and is part of my keyboard stage rig now.I'm mounting it to a heavy duty On Stage brand double X stand. The resulting arrangement is reasonably stable, although if you put a bit of pressure on the mic stand you can rotate the Attachment Bar. I could tighten the handle further to prevent this, but am worried that this will begin to deform the X stand, and it is not a problem on stage. I am not worried that it would damage the Attachment Bar, as it is quite heavy duty.In general, it's strong enough to hold a typical stage mic on a small boom arm.
This is unique piece that slips into just about any tube on a Mixer Rack or Piano scissor stand. The square nut design is very tight when tightening in the tube as if there are a rough cut on the threading. The MIC end of the mount works pretty good. Overall the only problems I found is that the Up tube could be 1' to 1 1/2' taller and the threads could be buffed out at the manufacturer.
