I am just learning how to play the mandolin, one of the problems I was having was supporting the mandolin and fretting the notes, since I got this strap adjusted I no longer have to hold the neck so I can concentrate on the notes, I like the fact that you can unclip the strap at either end without touching the adjustments so I can put it into my case without having the strap laying across the neck, yet pick it up and with one click it is ready to play.
There aren't enough uke straps out there for a good price.  This one is great.  I take away one star because the padded part could be a bit smaller, lighter.
I had purchased a different strap for my F-style mandolin and it was adequate but when I learned of this Neotech strap and how adjustable it was I ordered it and tossed my earlier strap.  This should be configurable for any mandolin body size and shape and for most human body sizes and shapes as well.  My only complaint is that the button hole doesn't stay on the end pin of my Epiphone mandolin.  I solved that issue though by taking a large triangular pick I wasn't happy with, drilling a hole in the middle and cutting a notch from the edge to the hole and then sliding this over the end-pin of the mandolin and the strap hasn't fallen off since (over 2 months of daily playing!)
This strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it .  I returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin.
This is a good quality product as advertised, fits well and enhances my efforts to play this instrument! I am satisfied.
Recently acquired an Ovation mandolin, which itself is hardly &#34;standard&#34; in appearance, materials, etc., so I thought it would bea good opportunity to try a &#34;non-standard&#34; strap. I'm impressed! I'm thinking of picking up another for a more classical mandolin...
It's definitely high-tech, but since I don't own a classic-looking or vintage mandolin, I don't really care about looks. My primary concerns are comfort and function, and this product gets five stars on both counts. I really like the fact that you can attach the contact points, and using the click-locks, remove the strap from the instrument while leaving the contact points in place. Also, if you get the strap twisted up while installing it, just undo the click-locks, take out the twist, and reattach it. Pure function! This strap was very well designed and thought-out before going to manufacture. Five stars!
As others have said, the stretchiness of this strap makes the instrument seem much lighter and I am less likely to get an achy shoulder when playing for long periods of time.  It may take a few tries with different configurations of the attachable/detachable extensions to get it just right for you and your instrument, but don't give up, it's worth the effort.
