I take this thing out of my rig every once in awhile, but it always finds its way back in.  Unlike Kaga, I put it at the end of my chain, right before a Boss Line selector, for multiple amps.  I used to put it at the beginning of my chaing, during my metal days, and it does well there too.  I'm more blues orientated now, and love it at the end.  With my fuzzes I can have them cracked and nice and lightly smooth, then at the end with the EQ, I got it jacked up!  Unlike most people I love a bass players V on my EQ.  I love that bass, but I play through 10's and 15's and those speakers handle it better than 12's, although I do have a 2x12 with V30's in it and it sounds nice.  This is a must have pedal though, no matter what you want your sound to end up like, if you have crapy stuf and just need an edge or really nice stuff and looking for that last bit of tone, you got it with this thing.
BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: If you play an Orange, Vox, or Marshall, you don't necessarily *need* an EQ pedal, but putting one in your signal chain will take your amp to the next level.Why is this? Well, the Brits design their amps with wide and musical EQ but the overall frequency response is narrow. This has led many British amp manufacturers to include specialized tone shaping buttons on the control panel because they are well aware that British EQ isn't as dramatic as American guitarists want it to be. There is nothing wrong with this by any means - it's just an overall characteristic of British amplifiers.Secondly, any tube amp loves to be pushed with boost and dirt pedals to get extra crispy overdrive from the clean channel - since distortion channels on tube amps have a tendency to compress and limit the output slightly. This pedal is more than capable of providing that boost. +15dB seems to be right amount to push clean to dirty, or dirty to overdrive, or overdrive to distortion.LIVE PERFORMANCE: If you're in a rock band that plays small venues like bars and clubs, you've probably noticed that most bands have overwhelming bass/midrange noise (100~500Hz) that drowns out the vocals and clarity of the drums or any instrument for that matter. Applying EQ to your signal chain will allow you to clean up your tone by cutting some unnecessary low-end from the picture and boosting your high-end for better clarity.RECORDING DIRECT-IN: If you're using this pedal with a DI box or simply plugging directly into your audio interface for virtual reamping, you'll be able to get a more balanced signal if you want to darken your Strat or brighten your Les Paul.WHY 4 STARS? Yes, the noise. It's not bothersome by any means, but if you're recording with a mic'd amp or direct in, you will absolutely need a noise suppressor. I use my GE-7 with the BOSS NS-2, and the NS-2 completely removes the white noise generated from the GE-7. The result is an amazing, clean boosting EQ.IF YOU'RE ON THE FENCE... go ahead and get this thing. You won't regret it. It's not just for Tone Snobs, it can really make cheap gear sound way better, and take great gear to the next level.
This 7 band eg. is a great way to change the sound of your guitar. It has more flexability than just a tone knob. It's easy way to get scooped metal or just fine tune the sound of you amp and guitar. Highly recomended!
Product arrived in exactly condition as described by the seller.  This unit allows for great sweeping of frequencies.  the 15 dB pull in each direction for each of the seven bands are filter worthy,  My only dissatisfaction lies in the amount of noise this unit adds to my chain when engaged.  When inactive this unit is transparent, no tone suckage.  When this unit is engaged, each frequency band carves the sounds nicely however, consideration to have this unit modified to reduce its noisy output has begun for me at least.  I am thankful for the internet and the opportunities it presents for me to MOD this Pedal.
I've had this pedal since the mid-90's, when I started playing in my teens.  While an EQ might seem like an odd choice for a beginner's pedal selection, I was mainly trying to compensate for the crappy bass and mid-range of the cheap CRATE and Marshall amps I used back then.  Since I have better equipment now, I haven't used it as much.However, as simple as it is, it is definitely a useful tool.  You can leave it on all the time to mold your sound with greater detail than most amps would have with knobs.  Or, you can the on-board volume to crank up the volume for solos or louder parts.The only negatives I recall from using it were that it added a bit of a hissing noise (but not so much that you couldn't trap it with a noise gate), and it seemed to take away from the sustain of notes just a bit.  Again, nothing that can't be fixed with other effects.  And if you think about how important equalization is with stereo equipment, it only makes sense that you might want that level of control in a guitar amp as well.I give it 5* despite the minor flaws because it does what it says and BOSS products are built rock solid.  I'll have this thing forever.
