light construction but  you get what you pay for.  so far it has functioned well and I do use it a lot.  it would be nice if it remembered what channel it was last on so when you power cycle it doesnt switch on you.  I mostly use it to feed one amp from two different instruments.  I have not noticed any sound degradation from using it.  the volume knobs are handy for sure!!
What a great little gizmo. I play both acoustic and electric guitar at my church and there is only one input on the board for me. No more unplugging/plugging in-between songs. Just a push on the pedal and I'm switching noiselessly between guitars. I can also adjust the input level for each guitar as well.
Hey it does its job for a cheap price.  I use it put mh guitar and Harp Mic through the same rig.  It does that.  It is plastic and Im not sure its inputs are the most efficient setup, but again it works.  Which in the end is my concern.
I bought this to make it easier to switch guitars on the job (I often go from an electric to an acoustic or a Gibson humbucker loaded guitar to a single coil Fender). For that one job it works well with no noticeable noise in my VOX VT-30 amp. Other reviewers said that the two level controls only work if are using this pedal for a one in to two out situation (one guitar to two amps). That is definitely correct. In a two in (two guitars to one amp) situation only one level control works which isn't bad if you need to compensate for any volume loss from the pedal. For $25.00 it a pretty useful pedal.A quick word about Behringer stuff. I have several Behringer pedals and other Behringer equipment. I never had a problem with their stuff. Not once. I often read these reviews that complain about the low quality of Behringer stuff and the plastic case on the effects pedals but I have yet to damage one of the pedals and I admit that I am not that careful with my live equipment. This stuff is the best bargain on the market. Are my Behringer Eurolive active P.A. speakers as good as my Mackie SRM450 speakers. No, but the Behringers cost about $250.00 each while my Mackie's cost twice as much. If money is not a problem you should go with the bigger name brands but often at three to four times the cost and with only minor improvements.I am a weekly player and have been for 40 years. I wish this stuff had been around when I first started playing.
This selector is very basic but does the job, if you need an A/B box for simple set ups give this one a try, it works for me and I dont see anything wrong with it, is simple, affordable and functional, what else can you ask for?
This pedal, in short, sucks.  There's no point to having an A/B pedal if it adds a huge amount of hiss to your sound. Behringer needs to go back to the drawing board with this.
Not expensive. Not cheap. Not exactly what I wanted.Like most all of the Behringer items it has good points and "duh" points.If you use it as an  A/B one input to 2 outs, then you can use the 2 volume controls.  I did not need it for that.If you use it as 2 inputs and 1 out, you only control the sum out, not the individual inputs (thought you could, which is why I bought it. the 1/2 page twice translated fact sheet almost makes you think you can, but you can not.... I almost sent them back.. I bought 2 for a special set up needing to adjust the 2 input levels that I was switching).the LED indicators when using it as a 2 in - 1 out  (like 2 guitars into one amp, or in my case a mando and a midi-guitar rig into a single line in ) ...  are ...exactly backwards...  the one on the right (red) is actually the input on the left and the one on the left ( green) is the input on the right.... which makes it about as confusing to use as getting a weinersnitchel coupon that is good only at a sushi restaurant.Operation wise, no hums, no buzzes but no one left on bass.When it is all said and done, I am glad I kept them.Amazon rocks. got them in 3 days. free shipping.  where else can you take the change you find in the couch to coinstar, get a coupon with no fee and buy musical toys.  who said Santa was a scrouge.  i am just glad he took a nap and the money fell out of his pocket.
Any time a person buys an A/B box their only real expectation is to have it switch quietly, this unit is as quiet as them come.  For the price it can't really be beat.
