I bought this XLR splitter to split the lead vocal from FOH to my monitor rack.  Used this way it worked great and I never had any problems with signal loss or power issues.  I began using a transformer isolated XLR splitter after we started playing bigger venues and no longer use this splitter.  My only issue with the Hosa Y splitter is that the cable length from the female connector to the male connectors is very short, so short that it would cause the microphone cables to stick out from the mic stand when I plugged it into our lead singer's microphone.  It would be great on a guitar mic or something that's close to the ground, or horizontally placed, but it looks a little funny coming off of a vertical microphone stand.
As expected from Hosa another great product.  Solid construction and great sound reproduced.  i would recomed this product to everyone.
I use this to run a single, mono XLR shotgun mic line to two audio channels on my Tascam DR-40, which saves me a step in post-production.  The quality is fine and it does what it's supposed to do.  Good price for a good product.
If I didn't think that purchasing these items from Amazon I wouldn't do it, plus and more important I have worked as a Purchasing Coordinator for over 25 years now I know how to save money and if purchasing that are great and believe me or not I can find even cables that I can't find in RadioShack, Best Buys no where else, I have done a lot of Purchasing not just for myself, but for business. These Ladies and Gentlemen know what they are doing and they know how to take care of business in the right way, I would like to apply for a position with them.Regards,ffsalsa
This is a solid product. I ended up not needing it so... I returned it. However, it worked fine and gets the job done.
This Dual splitter works perfect. I own a live event video company and I shoot a lot of weddings. The most important part of video is the audio. you can make anything look good as long as you can get a good clean audio signal. I always say, half of video is audio. For years I used to run a line directly out of the DJ's mixer to get my audio. The issue with doing it that way is during introdustions you will get the music the dj is playing and the words they are speaking. Often though, the signal is to hot, the music is crap, or the dj says something stupid. With just the DJ's voice I can edit the way I want and compress time. This product has improved my productions beyond it's price sold. I use them to run a separate clean audio line from a DJ's wireless systems to my own audio recorder. They work perfectly and haven't failed me once.
