We bought this for my daughter's boyfriend; we saved it as the last gift to give on Christmas Day; he wrapped the strap around his neck and never put it back down; I still don't think it has come out of his hands for more than a few minutes; I believe he is very happy with his gift!
I wanted a mandolin to fool around on and learn how to play. But didn't want to spend the same amount on something that I could for a new guitar. I am very pleased with the price and the quality. They take great care to pack it well so no worries their either. Buy this if you want a started that isn't bobo or a toy.
I bought a Rogue mandolin from a friend (who bought from Amazon but did not have time to even play it) for only 25$, still brand new, never played.I have owned and played many other mandolins (about a dozen), this one is mainly for me to practice my mandolin setup skills. The mandolin is NOT playable in its brand new state (not in tune, action too high, lower action will result in string buzzes). And this is quite typical for a new mandolin without a proper setup. I went thru all the necessary steps (almost like a luthier would do) and it came out sweet. It now has very low action, no string buzz, very good intonation. One can find info about mandolin setup on the Web. It's quite tedious work.This will be my beater mandolin, at 25$, nothing can beat it.It stay in tune long enough for me to play one hour straight without having to re-tune. So this is more than adequate for daily practice. Often times, it even stay in tune the next days. I may consider replacing the tuner machines with better one. The finish on this model has some blemish (some small black spots on top the sunburst color), but only if you look really close, I would consider this as defects if the mando cost a few hundred, at less than 40$, no problem at all.Of course, this mandolin is no match for more expensive models/brands (such as Kentucky) but I gave it a 5 stars based on its high performance / cost ratio.If you don't know how to setup mandolin, then be prepared to pay 60$ to 80$ for a professional setup (which is a must, otherwise the mandolin is hard to play and does not play in tune). Some reviews gave this mandolin a bad rating due to this lack of knowledge (that's unfair). All brand new mandolins require setup (at this expense), unless the store did the setup and charge a higher price for it.If you are lucky to know someone who can setup for free, that would save you the cost of two mandolins like this !!!
Having bought 4 sizes of Ukulele, only to discover the Baritone Uku is much like a classical guitars lower 4 strings, I was curious for 60 bucks to see what it is like to play the Mandolin.  If you are interested in this style of play,  search You Tube videos and watch people,  I have not found anyone cutting Hotel California out on these things..I also didnt feel like I wanted to learn yet another chord set ( tried playing the electric guitar, even going and getting Rocksmith software to learn ( which is prety cool)  anyhow,  I changed the strings on the Baritone to be a ukulele..so this Mandolin has a very thin neck,  ( Maybe 1.25 width)  I have watched videos of other people playing and their necks  look wider, this is hard to fat finger ( yea I have fat fingers).My initial problem is this thing doesnt come delivered anywhere close to ready to go, the Saddle moves, is not hard mounted and has height adjusters..so once  I figured that out, and also put some 3 in 1 oil on the nut so when tuning the strings dont drag ( whether this is right or wrong I dont know, I did it regardless)I measured from the nut to the 12th fret, then the 12th fret to the Saddle and moved the saddle so both measurements were really close, if you are having tuning trouble withe yours, I bet this is the problem,,  with your Tuner set your strings Tight,,  that was another problem, this thing should twang high pitched, like the dude in the Geico commericals ( Again on You tube someone posted videos of tuning )  I also read buy a very stiff pick,  not for me,  I guess I am not gentle and smashed the strings,, couldnt keep the pick in my fingers. so I use a light one, the grounds for using the stiff was the pick will not bend and create delay I guess between the two strings ( same note), the light weight one  works well for me, ( when I do pick this thing up )it is not hard to tune, I use my Ukulele Snarks, and pick one string at a time,  it is a cute guitar regardless and I saw one for sale Used at Guitar Center for 75 bucks, same one.if you are someone who can play guitar,  this might be fun,, I suck at it, I pretty much suck at Ukulele playing too but manage to play rock tunes that actually sound like something..I might some day figure out how to tune it like a ukulele but you can play songs with three to four chords,  good luck.
The mandolin arrived on time and came in a box within a box where the mandolin was wrapped. There was no damage to it and none of the tuning pegs broke. I tuned it pretty easily and was able to figure out some simple songs.I removed the pick guard because I really didn't like how it looked and it looks fine without it. The strings that come with it work fine and none snapped. Even if you end up not wanting to play it, you can always hang it somewhere because it looks nicer than I would have expected. The only problem I have is that the two G chords do not fit completely in the nut but i have heard that you can adjust it so it fits properly. I got this because I really enjoy the sound of a mandolin and the price is amazingly cheap. Also, another difficulty I had was that the tailpiece comes off easier than it goes back on. If you are interested in the mandolin definately get this to try it out.
I got one of these years ago as a starter mandolin. Do they sound as good as a 5K Gibson F5? Not hardly. Do they sound good for a 40-50 dollar Chinese built instrument out of the cheapest materials they could find? Actually, yeah, they do. This is one of those instruments where a case can cost as much or more then it does so I wouldn't worry about that. When you get it, the action is likely to be high and if you can't lower the bridge enough with the wheels it's easy enough to sand some off the bottom. Also, like most cheap instruments the strings that are on it are trash. Just throw them out or strangle the cat with them or something. Decent strings don't cost very much.Depending on what they sent you and how the labor force was the day it was built, you actually might have a piece of firewood or a pretty playable (after you fix the bridge and strings...) little instrument. The hardware isn't the best and the tuners suck but hey, if you're just starting out, tuning is part of the game.For $49.99 (and I've seen new ones 10 bucks less from time to time) it's worth the investment. You can spend more on dinner and a movie, and after you ate and watched the flick, it's gone. With the money spent here, you'll have something to keep you entertained until it falls apart and that will be much longer then one evening. My 7 year old boy owns mine now and he beats the hell out of it, so far, so good. It's been holding up well.BTW, if $49.99 breaks you, and you discover lessons cost more then your mandolin (been there), since you're here reading this, that means you're on the net and you can get plenty of starter lessons on youtube that will get you going, after that, you can find MANY good books/cds/dvds that will help you along even further and one day you'll get a better instrument. I'm actually thinking of getting another one to beat around on so I don't take the chance of ruining my good one while camping or whatever, and if I get cold and run out of wood, these are almost cheap enough to burn.One thing you may or may not know is the resale value on these. If you go to certain online classifieds (CL coughcoughcough) you'll notice people ask 50 bucks or MORE for these, sometimes over 100. USED. Same with pawnshops, and those people know what these cost new. This is one of the few cases where I'd buy new over used. If you decide to sell it and as long as it's not in pieces it'll still bring 20-30 bucks used so you won't be out much, but really, it's a good servicable instrument with a little work, but if you're lucky it might actually be set up right when you get it. Again though, not that big a deal to fix if it's not.Oh, as stated elsewhere these don't have trussrods. That's not bad in itself. You'd be surprised how many mandolins didn't have them years ago and alot of them are still around. Even from some big makers. If the neck warps in a year or two, no big deal, you got your moneys worth. Mines been kicking around for awhile, and the last year a 7 year old (6 at the time) has been beating on it and I can still pick it up, tune it and play it.
