It's a good OD, but I thought it would be higher output, and more articulate. Just personal preference. I mean, the Pedal is a Classic for a reason.
This thing freaking rocks! I LOVE this pedal. I can't stop using it. Sometimes I just play long, drawn out chords so I can listen to this amazing tone [in combo with distortion on my amp - it's perfect metal!!]
excellentI like I am very happyI am looking for money for the following purchase for amazonthe pedal boss arrives in the time necessary thank you
For the money, I have no complaints.  The enclosure, dials, and footswitch are all durable.  Not true bypass, but none of the BOSS pedals are.  It doesn't suck tone.  This pedal isn't the end-all be-all overdrive, but with asymmetrical clipping it fills a niche that TS pedals don't. You lose a little low end when it is engaged, but that actually works pretty well for leads- especially with humbuckers or amps with a looser kind of 'classic' distortion encountered with EL84s.  As a stand alone overdrive, I prefer other pedals.  But where this pedal really works for me is as a boost to other dirtboxes or an already overdriven amp.  You get singing, harmonic leads when it is dialed in right.  Like any overdrive, you introduce noise when the pedal is engaged and things can get hissy while you are palm muting if you crank it too far.  I am a dirtbox hoarder and I like to rotate the pedals and try different combinations.  Lately, I am running this into either the V1 Cool Cat transparent overdrive (Timmy Clone - very, very nice) or the Behringer BO-100 (which is a dead ringer for the Boss Blues Driver) then into a tube amp that is dialed in on mild crunch (Jet City Combo or Palomino Combo).  As with any overdrive, this thing will not sound very good (IMHO) running into a solid state amp.  That's just not what it was intended to do. It was intended to drive preamp tubes into saturation but YMMV. Because I'm a cheapskate (and because these things are durable like bricks) I bought it used for $20, but it is well worth the new asking price.
It's yellow, its metal, its Boss.  If you want your drive sound to have definition this is the pedal to get.  The best OD I have ever owned.  Makes me want to see if my tone could cut board in half.
I picked this up in order to boost my gain on my amp a bit.  It does a wonderful job of that (Drive set low and the level set high.  Tone set to taste.)  The additional noise it produces is relatively low, so you won't have any excessive staticy buzzing sound to deal with.  As with any other Boss pedals, it's well made and reliable.
Bought one of these 15 yrs ago used and it died a couple years back. This is one of my favorite overdrive pedals ever. Smooth tone, the right amount of gain, perfect to push a tube amp. Plus there are now dozens of (DIY or pro) mods available which add a lot more potential. Recommended.
I bought this pedal used and have used it with both a Fender tube amp and a Marshall solid state using clean channels. I can get a variety of tones from it with different guitars, and reccomend it as a first overdrive or to add to a collection.While I have several overdrive pedals, this one is good at giving some basic overdrive tones while keeping the amps low end. I can get decent tones from a Telecaster and Les Psul by keeping the level and tone knobs below 12 o'clock and adjusting the drive to taste.The OD sounds great through Fender clean tubes and I also tried it with a bass guitar. With some adjustment of the tone and drive knob, the bass has an overdriven tone with a good drive.The other reviews here prove this pedal is typical and iconic Boss in build quality. I find the Boss pedals good for their purpose and have mostly modded the ones I've owned after some time, but I may keep this one as is and use it as a boost. These pedals last forever and I only paid $20 for mine.
This is a standard on my peral board along witht he Blues Driver.  This little yellow box is the most bang for your buck you are going to find in an Over Drive pedal.  It is tough, sounds like fire, and will serve you well.  For $50 there is seriously no better deal.
I use this pedal all the time now even more than the DS-1 . Great chrunch for the buck From classic blues to rock its very eash to dial the sound you want in.
I held out from trying the Boss SD-1 Super Overdrive for many years.  Like many guitarists, my first distortion pedal was a Boss DS-1, which was durable and aggressive, but also extremely frustrating.  I might have formed some negative impressions about Boss, when it was probably unfair to do so.The SD-1 is widely owned and very affordable (usually around $50).  It's similar in a lot of ways to the Ibanez TS-9 Tubescreamer, except that a Tubescreamer reissue costs twice as much.  A lot of guitarists consider the SD-1 to be more of a "rock" overdrive, while the TS-9 is more of a "tube/blues" effect.  There's probably some truth to that, but both of them are excellent pedals.However, the SD-1 really impressed me with its transparency and versatility.  You CAN simply plug into it and use it alone with a clean channel.  But that isn't necessarily the best use for the pedal - it excels as a "booster" pushing an already overdrive amp, or stacking with other distortion/OD pedals.  One of the best settings is turning the Level all the way up and the gain all the way down.  This adds just a little bit of grit to your tone, and really sounds great.A feel that lot of people give the SD-1 mediocre reviews for reasons that aren't fair.  You hear things like "it cuts out too much bass", when that's really what the pedal is supposed to do.  The midrange hump, when set up properly, can take away the muddiness of your tone and help you cut through a band during live playing.  And, like I said before, I feel as if it's MORE transparent in retaining elements of the clean tone than the TS-9, though preference between the two is entirely subjective.But you also know that it's a Boss pedal, which means it's as durable as they come.  The thing will stand up to years of abuse, and can be used in any number of roles.  If you're looking for a single pedal to make a small amp sound "big", there are probably better options in this range.  (Try the under-appreciated MD-2 Mega Distortion, or the excellent Joyo Ultimate Drive).  But if you understand what this pedal is supposed to do and use it for that purpose, you'll understand why this thing has been popular for over 30 years.
Great as a booster, as others have said. For solos, it'll boost your mids and your signal. As an overdrive, it's great, kind of a midsy, Marshally sound. It does suck out some of the low end, but you can fix that on your amp or board or whatever. It's a Boss, it's solid - and a great price. Remember, this is overdrive - not distortion. For distortion, look at other Boss pedals.
I have several overdrive pedals, some of which are much more expensive than the BOSS SD-1. For a long time I overlooked my SD-1 and used other pedals. But when I went back to trying the SD-1, I was pleasantly surprised to find that this relatively inexpensive pedal is superior to some of the pedals I had been using. I don't mean merely that it's "very good relative to its price"; I mean that it's "very good--period." It easily outclasses some pedals for which I paid much more. The price for this pedal sometimes goes down to about $45 on Amazon. At that price, it's an amazingly good deal. Note: This is definitely an overdive pedal; it will not deliver metal distortion (at least not by itself). If you want to ride the crazy train, look elsewhere (like Deltalab's Metal Distortion pedal). What this produces is smooth old-style overdrive. It's excellent. It sounds especially good through a dash of chorus. I plug my SD-1 into a Fender Mustang II amp and turn on the amp's chorus; the result is delicious. I've used the SD-1 with both single-coil and double-coil pickups. Both sound good, though, not surprisingly, you get a heavier punch with a humbucker. But it sounds great with single-coils too.
