These strings are very bright and full.  They sound great for a couple of weeks and then get a bit dead.  I haven't had any problems with breakage, just a loss of tone over time (seems faster than some other strings I've tried).
As a guitarist who's had the opportunity to work at Guitar Center (back in 1999), trying each type of string on the market was a fairly inexpensive and easy task.  While I'll chose D'Addario EXL's for electric, Martin SP are my top choice for acoustic.  The sound and reliability are unmatched for the money.  They also have a neat bronze shimmer to them...  Granted that's only aesthetic.
Ive been trying different strings for years!!!  Ive been stuck on elixirs for some time now and wanted a change.  These are very bright and clean!!!!  very playable!!!
I have tried different brands and weights of strings in search of the ones that would give my guitar a clear, bright, yet robust sound, and I found that in the Martin MSP 4050 SP strings. I knew I had found, &#34;my strings&#34; after a short time playing with these. They are light on the fingers, sound great, and priced right.
Martin makes a variety of good sounding strings, and these are toward the light end.  The sound is bright, but lacks a fullness found with some of the heavier strings such asMartin MSP4150 SP Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, Light-Medium.The custom light are easier to play and have a bright tone to them, but can make a guitar sound like a cheaper model compared to the Light-Medium. Some disadvantages to the thinner strings are that they can limit your dynamics. If you strum harder, they are more stretchy and the tuning will be less consistent, changing the tone for the same reason a "bend" would. If you play at a fairly consistent sound level you can expect more of a bright sound than a resonant one.On the other hand, compared to some other brands with more of a dampened sound, the brightness can make an instrument sound quite good.Depending on your style, these might be a good choice. If you are used to playing a solid body electric with a lighter feel to the strings that make medium strings uncomfortable, these might seem more at home.  If you are used to Martin medium strings, but want something that you can play for a few extra hours a day without feeling as if you are overdoing things, you might like these too, but when you pick up a guitar with the Martin Medium strings, you may find that even a cheaper guitar sounds better in comparison to these on a more upscale one.I wouldn't say I dislike these, and I wouldn't quite say that those who gave it five stars oversold them, because they may deserve five stars for your particular needs. But as an all around choice, there are better sounding ones from Martin. But it's a moot point if you don't feel comfortable playing them. Make sure to read a variety of reviews before deciding because there are other equally valid viewpoints just as each player is unique.
