I ended up returning it and bought a cheaper generic model as the other one has better effect for less than half the price.  This unit is of high quality, though.
One of the the best lights I own. Small but fills a gym with light for under $100, what more could you ask? As the other reviewers boast, this is a great unit and I hope it lasts a long, long time.
Great laser, nice big fat stars, red and green, worth the money.  Point it at the ceiling or on the wall behind me.  Great effect.
Despite being so small, it will fill most rooms Completely! These are lasers! You can buy one of those cheapo keychain sized lasers and those go for miles so you know this thing will deliver. The patterns they go in are mesmerizing no matter the pace. I haven't tested the sound-feature but I've seen it on videos. I recommend this to anyone want to be entertained!
This is the American DJ Micro Galaxian red & green laser. It is the smaller version of the Galaxian laser with the same laser power output, but a smaller beam spread. It is a compact well built unit with a power switch on the back and a small fan to keep it cool. The small power cord plugs into the back of the unit and has a transformer block on the end of the cord. It comes with a remote that works great, but has an antenna to pull up if needed, which seems like old technology. The remote has 4 buttons which allows you to select auto/sound mode, blackout, color and direction of rotation. When going through the color modes you can select red, green, red/green together or red/green changing and flashing. You can select auto mode or sound mode so it will go with the music. There is also a speed control knob on the back of the laser to have the dots stop completely, move very fast or slow. The darker the room the better, but you can easily see it in any room with the lights on. I am very pleased with it. I havent tried it with fog but I know it would look great since it has 200 beams. It will work great for any DJ to use on the dancefloor, wall or ceiling. This is a great buy under $100.PROS: It is small, bright, well built and works great. It has a remote to control it.CONS: Transformer on cord and antenna on remote.
