This pedal work, although I find it a little bit cumbersome in my particular setup. My issue is really only one of cable routing though and will be remedied soon enough. The M195 does perform as it is suspend to although it does play word with my delay pedal, even running the delay on the output side of the M195. The noise gate is quiet and smooth an would be vital to many with a high gain setup. I run mine in my pedal chain for my bass rig, when using fuzz and distortion.
It does what is supposed to, i'ts a gate, and clamps the noise as good as I expected, at the begining I had problems with power, some how it didn't power correctly, but I was unsing one spot adapter and a daisy chain, so I solved it isolating the MXR connecting it with another power supply, and it work, so I left my daisy chain with the rest of my pedals and it worked just fine, also check config and the routing of the signal, this might influence on how it works, I have it right after my Wha and before my compressor, and it works just fine.
I use this every now and then, it does seem to suck tone, but it does reduce noise, though I actually stopped using it and didn't hear much difference! with distortion and reverb, things can get a little noisy in there, but the original tone with everything set up is worth it unaltered. but I will keep this as it will come in handy one day I'm sure.
I couldn't be happier with this pedal. I have a Les Paul/Marshall Class 5/BB preamp/EP Booster/Analog Chorus and Carbon Copy... I used to get this annoying hum and feedback when I cranked the amp up, even when I just plugged the guitar straight to the amp, but those days are long gone, now everything is nice and quiet. I even have the trigger knob all the way down and it still does its job, I haven't noticed any difference in tone so far. I was scared that the Smart Gate was a better option but this one has worked like a charm and it's cheaper, not to mention it has its own effects loop. I don't understand how the Noise Supressor or the Decimator could be better than this one, I mean, the pedal will get rid of the noise yes or no.
I don't really care for the FX loop on my Fender Supersonic Head, as I started to get more pedals in my system and really digging all the MXR pedals. so when this came out last year I snatched one up and started experimenting with it. I LOVE it, bypassed I still get that in your face strait into an amp sound, but ingage it with my delays and phase 90's and set the gate to about two o clock and it does a great job of clamping down on the tail end hiss. very cool, and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank
I received this as a gift for a smaller pedalboard I was assembling - my plan was to try something different to compare against the Boss NS-2 Noise Suppressor on my other board.  While I love the build quality and simplicity of the one-knob setup, I can't say (yet) that I like it better than my NS-2.  With the caveat that I may not have it wired up 100% correctly, I felt that it did kill most of the excess noise, but not all of it.  Good product, but maybe not the best of all the options at the same price.  Will update this post after I play around with different arrangements and get more experience with it.
