I play guitar and stand behind the vocalists. If this does not bring their voices back to me I can&#8217;t hear especially on some of the female solo pieces. It is big help &#8211; be better if we could eliminate the  buzz it causes in the church&#8217;s sound system.
As a musician I wanted both a PA and an instrument amp, but I also wanted extra inputs and outputs. This has it all. Whether you want to output TO a PA or FROM a PA...... TO your guitar amp or FROM it.....and even play your MP3 player while you play AND sing. If you need more inputs, then just output a mixer to it. The tone controls are nice and the bass you can get is quite amazing for a 5.5" speaker. Link to a bass amp or sub-woofer and you definitely have full sound. Certainly loud enough for a 1-man-band gig and definitely enough to supply an outdoor party with some music. I know it's a copy of other speaker/amps... but its a Behringer. I think it's a wonderful and adequate Must-Have for any musician.
I like this speaker system, behringer makes good products when it comes to this. The sound is good and loud, you can control the levels and EQ directly from this so no need for a mixer. You can connect an ipod or laptop to it. And there are multiple sound options including phantom, and instrument. I used a female xlr to 1/4 trs cable but I have been told you can also use xlr to xlr, although I did not try it. The price was great and the wattage was nice. I must say, when we have people come over it is easier to hear them sing. With me playing on the piano it is sometimes hard to hear their voices but now it is equal and sounds nice in harmony. I also connected to microphones to it and it distributes the sound very evenly so it sounds good in a duet.UPDATE: I recently bought a guitar and started to use this amp for my electric fender, IT WORKS GREAT! The sound is great, the wattage is good, everything is wonderful. Highly recommend this amp if you want a small amp for your guitar.
Love this thing. It sounds awesome and is built like a tank. It sound as good as $300 to $400 monitors and the music stand mounting is clever. Does everything I want in a personal stage monitor.
I purchased this PA after reading several reviews and was convinced that is was right for me. I like that it is small and can fit right into my backpack. I was using the ION system it just got to be to much to carry around. I go around to different venues and sing. I just started in April after taking vocals for a year. I love it so much I've purchased this and my  own Shure mic. B205D is a powerful speaker system. I love the crisp sound and now I can hear myself sing when I turn up the music. I needed something with EQ on it as well. you really can't go wrong with this PA/monitor. I would have rated a 5 except when I turn it up around 45 degrees it begins to hiss. I'm not sure if this is normal or not. you see I purchased an open box speaker. The outer box packaging was questionable but once opened the PA itself was in prime condition no visible damage and all the materials were packed well. The sound is great.  I'm testing it out at home for now still have some time if I'm not comfortable with the hissing. Hope this helps with your decision.
So I originally got the virtually identical Mackie version of this and it crapped out on me after  a couple of years of easy work. Behringer is typically good at making comparable gear at better prices than most. I use this for my vocal monitor attached to my drum rack. So much more efficient than a floor monitor. I have my own volume and tone settings at my fingertips, and because there is more than one channel, I can run a full main mix into it on one channel and mix in a separate feed from my own pa channel. Very cool to be able to mix down a too loud harmony, or turn myself up a little in my ear without affecting any of the other mix dynamics. Definitely recommend ... Hey you get volume and tone and control of your own space!
I bought this unit for my son's edrums and because of the inputs (RCA, Mic & Instruments). I plugged my guitar in channel 1, mic in 2 & his edrums on RCA and we're good to go. Not as loud as the 10" or 12" speakers of course but for small room this will do. Playing music on RCA channel is also nice but you will need to adjust the EQ to get a good highs and lows. Light weight and very portable.
I play 1-2 nights a week in a midi-assisted duo. Our PA is a pair of Mackie 15" Thumps (powered) on the floor and Behringer 12" B212D (powered) on stands with a Mackie board. We adjust the PA to the room by adding or reducing the number of powered speakers. In larger rooms we have a regular pair of floor monitors but in smaller rooms where you are stuck in a corner between the coat rack and the waiters station (you know the spot where they generously removed two small tables) we don't have space for floor monitors. These smaller jobs have become much more common and I needed a compact yet powerful monitor. Since we work with midi sound modules to reproduce the drums, bass and assorted extra instuments, it is very important that we hear these sounds clearly. The Behringer monitors do the job well. The overall sound is clean and clear, the speakers are light and portable and for me the boom stand adapter works well. I compared the Behringers to their "clone" the Mackie SRM 150 and frankly I couldn't hear a major difference with my MP3 player playing through them. Obviously Behringer cloned the Mackie's and did a good job. They have all of the same inputs and outputs as the Mackie's and look almost exactly the same. I have owned a pair of Behringer B21D powered speakers for about three years now and they have been knocked over and mistreated (accidentally) and still work great every night so I am a fan of Behringer gear. In the end the real difference was the price. The Behringer's go for $150.00 while the Mackie's go for about $250.00. The choice was simple; since I couldn't hear (or see) a major difference I bought the Behringer's. I have only had them for about two months but I have been pleased so far.Update: It has been a couple of months more since I started using these monitors and have even purchased an additional one. I still love the sound and all of the other things I posted above but: forget about the boom stand adapter. It is very difficult to get lined up so the mic is facing you and because of the angle of the monitor itself which is not adjustable the boom will not stay in place. I am using a good quality telescoping mini boom that is not very big or heavy at all but it will not stay up. Save yourself the headaches and just carry another mic stand. Other than that these are great monitors.
i just got the 3rd monitor.  great price.  got here in 2 days ....so.  my first 2 units have a very bright blue ish color LED for power.the latest one has a very mellow amber color LED.anyone else noticed different color LED's ?comparing the units, the newest one seems to have a differnt type feel on the impact plasctic shell.weight and sound is the same.i use them for everything from full band to acoustic .  great for vocals and guitar.  as stated by others not much bass response ( but from a 5 in speaker what would you expect).mine have been dropped, wet, hot and never missed a beat.
