put it in my Fender dreadnaught and only wish i have held out for the the next step up in quality with the mic as well...  Love it to death, had it pertinently installed and love the sound and the versatility.  the built in volume knob it a GREAT tough.  I could go on, but there are reviews on you tube that will do a better Job than here.
I like the fact that it can be &#34;partially&#34; installed with the cord coming out of the sound hole or it can be easily installed on a more permanent basis by cutting the cord to length and running it inside the guitar body through the end pin hole (which will have to be enlarged a bit).  Either way, once plugged in, it sounds great.  This pickup maintains the great acoustic sound of my guitar, a Blueridge BR-160.  I installed some Fishman &#34;under the saddle&#34; pickups in a few Martin guitars and this pickup sounds just as good, if not better.  If you don't mind the pickup visible in the sound hole, this is the way to go.  Another nice thing about it is the ease of changing out the batteries as compared to the undersaddle type pickups where the batteries are attached to the inside body of the guitar.
This is not a bad product, just not great.  As soon as I received it, I installed it on my custom made Grit Laskin Guitar, and played with it for over two hours.  Installation was fast, and only took a couple of minutes.  My problems with it are 3 fold:  #1.  Sounds just a bit "tinny" = too much on the high end, and not an equal amount of bass.  #2.  A small complaint is that you have to dismantle the entire installation just to change the batteries, and I couldn't get mine to work in "passive" mode.  #3.  And the biggest complaint, is that the volume control is difficult to get to when you're performing on stage.  You have to stick your finger in the hole on the top side of the strings and fumble around trying to change the volume which is very sensitive so all of sudden you can be too loud or too soft.  Like I said, it is not a bad product, just not top notch, and definitely not for professionals.  If you're just fooling around at home, or recording at home, it is fine, and will do the job for you.  BUT!!!  If you're a pro, you'll want to spend double the money and get an L. R. Baggs M-80.  The M-80 gives you the truest sound (unbelievable), works in passive mode, and is very easy to change the volume control.  Sincerely, Doc
Great pickup, combined with the Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. you will have an excellent experience.  Even the pick up by itself into a quality amp will make you happy.
I was looking for a sound hole pickup and this came as one of the best and found it to be all I expected. I use it for practice and recording myself. I really like it but for the price I wish it had just a bit more otherwise its perfect. I have it on my 1994 Martin D-18  which has a big bottom end and no matter what it always sounds fine. I have had the pickup installed for four months and it is good.
