This is not top of the line but for the price is a good deal.  I don't think it lastforever but it works great for my Peavey Patriot Guitar. I would recommend this toanyone looking for an inexpensive way to transport a guitar.
I purchased mine to protect a relatively inexpensive Epiphone Les Paul Jr, which fits perfectly (as does a Squier Strat.)On the plus side, the price makes this an attractive alternative to most of the soft gig bags on the market because you are getting a rigid case that can take some (but not a lot) of abuse.The reason I claimed that this case will provide only basic protection is it does not have the top and side strength to protect an instrument if you stack heavy equipment on the case when packing your gear. That should not be a problem or detract from the value as long as you are aware of this. One other issue I've had with the case is I left in a car on a hot day the tolex covering started lifting from the edges, especially the lip around the top of the case. Again, this is not a problem as long as you are aware of it and do not leave the case in a hot, enclosed space for prolonged periods.For inexpensive guitars this is an ideal case that will provide protection for your instrument. It is perfect for occasional gigging, but would probably not withstand the rigors of being on the road. I would not hesitate to purchase another one if I acquired a guitar with a soft gig bag because I do like the better protection this particular case provides.
I ordered one of these (from MF) and had to send it back because it was damaged and the latches didn't all work.  Even in perfect condition it's still a subpar case.  But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing.  As for the latches (buckles), there are three of them and on the one I had only one worked to keep the case closed.  The other two latched, but they rattled and provided no tension at all to help keep the lid shut.Disregarding those flaws it's still obvious that it's not a good case.  The hinges look like they could fall apart or come off at any moment, the handle is not comfortable to hold, and the whole thing bends in a way that makes you wonder if you would be better off with a gig bag.  It also won't stand evenly on end (if that's important to you).On the positive side it's light, it does fit a Telecaster ok, and the inside is a decent plush lining with a small storage compartment.  But do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better.  I have a Musician's Gear dreadnought case and this doesn't compare to that one at all.
this is a great value. i contacted the company for measurements inside the case to see if it would fit an ibanez rg series. it fits perfectly. thank you
This is a great guitar case and a great price. I bought it to keep my Fender Strat in and it works great.
