I chose this rating because even though it is an Epiphone, a Les Paul and affiliation with Gibson it is made in China NOT the USA as one would think by the name affiliations.  I think that fact should be pointed out in the advertisement that is is NOT a USA product. When opened, the white pick guard as showen in the picture was missing from the body of the instrument but I did find it in the pocket of the soft carry case. The white pick guard should have come attached to the body from the factory. So someone messed up in QUALITY CONTROL. With that said, I find the finished look is fine without the guard, the tone sounds good when not electrified and the sound is good when electrified. I decided NOT to send it back because everything else appeared ok when using it.
The ukulele is very cool looking, it plays nice, it doesn't sound as nice as a more expensive ukulele, it comes with cheap strings, but it's a very fun ukulele.  I think it's worth a hundred dollars.
I really like Epiphone products. They are well-made, easy to play guitars. I also purchased an Ep Les Paul Special 2 Ebony from Amazon a while back. But, I received this Uke defective. I expected when I plugged it in it would play through an amplifier but I couldn't here anything at all. Totally dead. There are no volume controls but it was like the volume was turned all the way down. I'm disappointed because I expect Gibson to test each guitar before it leaves the factory. I actually bought this guitar for a friend and was very embarrassed when I got over to his house and it didn't work in front of him. I just requested a return/exchange from Amazon. If the next one works ok I may buy a second one for me. I seem to have bad luck with electric-acoustic guitars when purchased through Amazon. I had to send back my Dean 12 string elec-acoust to Amazon too because of an intermittent sound problem.  I do want to state that this is a beautiful Uke with nice feeling nylon strings, fine wood high polished surface, high quality tuners and plays loud acoustically.  The actual guitar looks even BETTER in person than in the picture. If this Uke was working 100% I would have given it a 4 or 5.
I love this uke! it came fast. such a solid built uke feels like a les paul nice and sturdy!sounds amazing, intonation is perfect and never slips out of tune. it has a nice mellowtone unplugged and when you plug it in it sounds amazing! the finish is amazing perfectone of my favorite instruments i ever, owned totally worth buying for the priceyou will not regret it!
Beautifully finished. Everything about the construction of instrument is unbelieveable. Nice sound in the acoustic too. If this is an indicator of Indonesian made instruments, then all string instruments should be made there. Epiphone has outdone itself. I absolutely adore this instrument. I would love to have a Baritone Uku of this same design.
Dunno how, but mine came with no cable and the pickguard wasn't installed.  The pickguard is no biggie, I actually didn't want it on there (it seems oversized to me).  If I wanted it on there tho, it's got a peel off sticky back.  Not having a cable was kinda a big deal.  I sent an email to Epiphone (Gibson), got a response within a day and after sending in proof of purchase, they promised to send me a cable.  Nice customer service.As far as the Uke, the finish on mine was perfect, no blemishes I can see.  I did change out the strings, and it does sound a 'little' better I suppose, but not that much.  Probably would have messed around on the stock strings a bit longer, but I listened to the reviews and did a change right away.  For $100, if you want a uke, this one looks awesome and plays well.
