When you get it, it looks so simple, so basic that you can't believe that it doesn't come with the mic, but companies got to make their money right? I use it with my Samson CL8 condenser and it is perfect. Works great for podcasting, vocals or anything else you want to record. The adjustment knob is a little tight but whatever, it does its job well.
I took a chance with this one since I am desperate to find a mount for my MXL 4000 microphone. I originally bought a "universal" mic stand from guitar center which cost 50bux by the way. That didnt come close to working. But this one worked perfectly! Thanks you Samson!
This is a very nice looking and solid piece of equipment. with a single modification, I was able to fit an array of other condenser microphones in this shockmount. I have never owned a samson microphone but judging by the quality of this product, I would definately consider buying one.
This Sam SP01 can be easily modded for use with the Oktava MK319. I found instructions through a google search. The metal piece on the bottom of the mic holder must be removed. Instead of hammering it out, I used two screwdrivers to pry it out. That leaves a nice hole which is just a little too small to use. Using my dremel tool, I was able to enlarge the hole just a bit. As a guide the piece you remove fits in a small groove. You must file down the sides til the groove is almost not visible. Then your Oktava will fit just fine. This mod is not easily reversible so keep that in mind before starting. I'll post up a picture later.I found the screw-on connector to not be that high quality. It wanted to cross thread as I putting it on my mic stand. So I wouldn't want to be taking it off and putting it back on frequently. That's my only complaint about it.
I ran a few recording tests on my microphone with and without the shock mount. It seems that ambient noise is generally reduced with the shock mount on. It's especially effective when the microphone is on my desk, where my computer tower (which has 7 fans) is directly under it. It's not perfect, but the level of noise reduction really is amazing. On top of all that, it looks nice too. If you are planning to buy a condenser mic for your desk, you should definitely consider getting this, along with a solid stand and a pop filter.
Fits MXL Cube mics perfectly! Sturdy and easyt to setup. Ordered two more.Rare to get items these days that exceed expectation
While the product came as described, the build quality felt a little lacking. On the website it mentioned that it accepts the Shure KSM32 threading but it does not, so if you're threading matches the KSM32, look elsewhere.
The Samson shock mount does work with the Audio Technica AT2020, yes. Does it work well? If you can securely close the little gap between the AT2020 and the shock mount then, yes. There is another reviewer on here who gives a very good tip on getting rid of that rattle when using this mount with the AT2020. Only other thing is that the colors don't really match up well but I don't really care, its a good shock mount.Ask yourself before you buy though, do I really need one? I don't really use mine since I have carpet on the floors that doesn't like the mic stand shake too much.
I picked this up for a friend who has the AudioTechnica AT2020 USB and Yes this does work with that mic too.  It's solid, helps with mounting, and will be well used.
No problems with this. Fits my Behringer 60 dollar condenser mike just fine.  Like it was made from the same company but it's not.  They must have standard fittings on mikes.
Works with a lot of mics, and, with a little modding, it worked with my MXL V67G; which is all I needed it for.
Does what it says it will do and it does it very well. The connector is a 3/8in female slot so make sure whatever it is you're buying can connect to that. The mic/boom stand I bought and the on desk stand were both 5/8in male so I had to buy 2 cheap adapters (6$ each). I also am having some issues really "locking" in the Audio-Technica condenser mic to the shock mount. So far it stays in, but isn't "super" secure (wobbles just a little if it's moved), but maybe I'm just doing it wrong. Aside from that, though, great product.
Excellent Quality and Craftsmanship.I was expecting less of this product for its price and the job it will do, I figured it would be made out of a "cheap" feeling metal. I was wrong. It is very stable and steady and feels like good steel or aluminum maybe. It is strong to. It feels like I could really bang it (I won't) and it would not break.I use this with an Audio Technica AT2020 which screws in perfectly snug but is still rotatable on the base. The mount holds it firm and keeps the mic still. It does eliminate a little vibration but if you pound on your desk (or whatever)that will still come through. It looks cool too (and everybody knows that matters). I am very pleased with this purchase.
I don't think I can say enough good things about the Samson SP01 Shockmount.  Long story short I was trying to get a podcast going from scratch about three months ago.  I did some research and discovered that a shockmount is necessary to keep any noise from anything securing the mic from being picked up by the mic while recording.  A shockmount is an absolute must, especially when looking at using a tabletop mic stand where the table will also be used as a work surface.The build quality is fantastic.  I just recently purchased my THIRD shockmount for an additional mic to be used on the podcast.What I've grown to appreciate so much is that it seems to fit just about any condenser microphone I can get my hands on.  If you are considering buying this for your own condenser mic, make absolutely sure that your mic has threads on the bottom to be screwed into some type of stand or shockmount.  Nearly all do, but some companies like Blue (Snowball, snowflake, etc.) are designed not to be used in conjunction with shock mounts. I have used the MXL 007.USB with this shockmount as well as the AT2020 USB and XLR version.  The MXL fit like a glove, perfect.  The AT2020, once threaded in, seemed just a bit loose, so I added a couple foam bumpers around the base to act as a washer.  It made a tight fit and further insulated it from any sound interference from any movement.In short, I haven't found a better shockmount for condenser mics.  The attachment screws onto any desktop tripod and traditional mic stand.  Fantastic.  Buy two of these!!  :)  Thanks Samson, now just make better mics!
I have this paired with the Behringer C-1 Studio Condenser Microphone.  It matches the mic well color-wise and fit. The C-1 fits the mount perfectly. I recommend this mount highly.http://www.amazon.com/Behringer-C-1-Studio-Condenser-Microphone/dp/B000CZ0RLK/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1358133926&sr;=8-1&keywords;=Behringer+C-1
This is a good, durable mount. I like the look of it, as well as the light-weight feel. Not much else to be said.
I recently bought an Audio Technica 2020 and was looking for a shockmount for it, I bought the one that Audio Technica makes and I was not satisfied with the quality, so I returned it and came across the Samson SP01. My first thought was that it looked just like the shockmount I have for my Neumann TLM 103. I immediately purchased it after seeing that people were using it with the AT 2020. As soon as it arrived I put my AT 2020 in it and it looked stunning, after I mounted it on my on-desk mic stand I bumped the table a few times to see how it worked. In short it works great, The SP01 isolates the mic extremely well. I also tested the shockmount with my Studio Projects C1 and Rode k2 (both very heavy mics) and it works great. One word of advice it seems that some people are having problems hooking this shockmount to their mic stand ( which I find extremely amusing). Like most shockmounts the Samson SP01 has an adapter that is too small for most US mic stands already in the mount ( the part where the shockmount connects to the mic stand). THIS IS EASY TO REMOVE!! All you have to do is take a coin and unscrew it!! Once you unscrew the adapter the shockmount will connect to your stand.
This is the best shockmount in my opinion (This is the first shock mount I have tried.). I bought it with a desktop mic stand, and used it on my Audio Technica AT2020 and it worked very nicely. It does the perfect job for podcasting, as well as gameplay videos. I would recommend this to anyone.
Not a lot to say, works great as a shockmount!I think the best part might be that it also works with Behringer C-1s. Those are great mics for what they cost, but the clips they come with break easily and replacements are hard to find. That makes this shockmount a great option for people in that boat as well. Hooray!
This didn't exactly fit my MXL V67G condenser mic, so I took out the bottom piece - which took a little work - then I was able to get the bottom screw plug of my mic to fit.  It's solid and works well.
Does its job. Good solid construction. Support cords seem to be of good quality. Knob tightens well. Comes with thread adapter. Smooth silver satin finish. Affordable price. 'Nuff said. Just buy one already!
This is a quality product.Super fast SHIIPING  through Amazon as always.The product is well built easy  to use pretty straightforward.It's perfect for my Samson mic.
