Using this to mic my Mesa Boogie Mark V 1x12 cabinet. It is holding a Shure SM57 microphone.  The microphone clip that came with the stand is plastic, but I'm using the one that came with the microphone which has metal threads.
I just purchased the mic stand for my desk at home. It does the job well. If you're looking to do some desktop podcasting or internet radio, then, it's perfect. Many adjustments to get just the right position. It's definitely not a performance mic, as it does feel a bit filmsy, but, you won't notice the flimsiness except for when you're adjusting it. Adjusting it is a tad tedious, but, you can get a really good position with the microphone after a couple minutes.I've mounted my Samson Q1U Dynamic Cardioid USB microphone to it. It works well for sure. Then, I attached the standard pop filter, and the microphone started tipping it over. Make sure the boom is aligned with a leg extension, or it will tip over if there's too much weight. Just find something semi heavy and find a way to attached it to the existing counter-weight, and it will be excellent. So this mic won't play nice with your large condensers + pop filters + shockmount at the start, but, just find a good counter weight and all will be well.It looks great, and will definitely be easy on the eyes in any room. It was a good investment, and all in all, you definitely get what you pay for. If you're hesitant on attaching a lot of stuff to it, then, I would recommend shelling out a couple more dollars for a sturdier stand.But atleast for me, it does the job, and does it well.
This little fellow is well built out of mostly steel and is heavy for its size. The locking knobs do their job without fail and I don't have to over crank them to get them to hold. I use it sitting on top of my table which holds my computer, recording interface and all the other stuff I use for recording. It adjust perfect for vocals and I drop it down if I want to use it for recording my acoustic guitars without using a pickup. Same with my violins. I get a different sound recording through a mic than I do a pickup.The base is heavy and will hold a mic with the boom extended all the way. You must turn one foot in the direction of use to get a full extension but with a minute retraction, it will stand securely in any direction. I set it where I want it then just swing it out of the way till I need it. I have used it sitting on the floor by my chair and reaches fine for vocals or acoustics. It's just more accessible on the desk. This would work fine for drummers.I would recommend this to any of my critical buddies. Thanks
This mic stand will work great for mic'ing full stacks and guitar amps.Some people have mentioned the counterweight could be heavier but they need to pay attention to how they are orienting the feet in relation to the microphone. You should make sure one of the feet is pointing in the exact same direction as the microphone arm so that way the downward force is applied directly onto the support leg.
Just got this stand today.First impressions are always important, and this stand gave me a good impression.It seems to be made solid enough, not like some cheap off brand crap.The base is solid and heavy to keep the stand from falling over.The telescope mechanism is quite well made.Comes with a cable clip and an adjustment piece for smaller mic adapters.I got mine set up to extend up to 3ft tall. It's quite the perfect height for when I'm seated on my stool.One thing I did not quite like about the construction is the crew on rod to the base place. It unscrews easily when the mic stand is moved. Maybe adding something to keep it screwed in?Would recommend to others.Probably will be buying a few more to mic my amps and cabs.
this is a great stand for anyone looking to mic up their guitar amp, seems well built and rugged, although the mic clip is just a cheap plastic component you should immediately replace!
I use this with fairly light mics (seeNady DMK-5 Drum Mic Packagefor details).While I generally do not mic bass drums, when I do this stand allows me to do it my way, which may seem unconventional to some folks. I place the mic on the batter side of the drum about three feet back. Since this can be problematic with the floor tom and throne (and hi-hat) hindering access, the boom and adjustability of this stand are a great help.Where the stand shines if micing amps. Some small amps, such as theFender Champion 600 Electric Guitar Amplifierare usually placed on a raised surface to keep them off the floor. This stand will reach any stand that is chair seat height. For larger amps that are on the floor or tiltback stands, this mic stand will still allow you to position the mic where you need it.My use is relatively narrow - kick drums and amps. But for each, this stand is excellent in my opinion. With the mics I am using it is heavy enough to remain stable, and for where I need to place those mics, it allows me to do so with relative ease.
Rock Solid! Sturdy! Everything about it is exactly how you would want it to be. I use this to MIC my Blackstar 2x12 Cab with an SM57
I look at many stands before I brought this one, the rating were great and I'm very pleased with the purchase.  If I need another stand I will buy this one again with no hesitation.
This is a well made table top stand. The weight of the stand holds the mic and wire in place with ease. I would get this stand again.
I have quite a few mic stands, and picked this up to use for micing a guitar cabinet. I love the low profile and the design of the feet - it's very sturdy, and all around better than the DR stands that I have which cost twice as much. It has plenty of weight to it and enough reach to easily reach all 4 speakers in my 4x12 without becoming &#34;tippy&#34;.5/5, though it would have been nice if it shipped with more than just the single cable clip.
