Inexpensive and compares favorably with my more expensive tuners. Angle is not as adjustable as a snark but tuner works well.
This is so darn cool!! It shows which string you are tuning and exactly when you are in tune!! And it works on so many instruments!!
Being very disappointing by the sensitivity of the Snark SN 1, I purchased this bargain priced tuner, I could not be more pleased. It has settings for chromatic, bass, guitar, and ukulele. Not only does it have tone dial indicator, but the screen changes color, red for flat, green for just right, yellow for sharp. The screen is also very bright and easy to read. It is very sensitive, no need to constantly move it around like with the Snark SN 1. It is tiny, perfect for carrying in your pocket or purse. I use mine for when I go to the music store and test out ukuleles. This makes a perfect main tuner, or a nice inexpensive backup to more expensive tuners. My main tuner is a Snark SN 8, but this one is just as accurate. The only negatives I can find is that the hinge seems kinda delicate, so you don't want to force it, and the power button is very tiny, but for the size and performance of the unit, those low points are almost irrelevant. Buy a couple, you can get two or three of these for the price of a single Snark or Korg.
Great little tuner very accurate and portable!nice bright screen perfect and the price is right!Its nice it has a chromatic tuner on it too as wellas guitar and bass too! very handy! i useit to tune my baritone, concert and soprano ukes !
I ordered the Hola! and the Snark SN-6 to preview for my senior adult ukulele players at church.  I've spent the last week or so tuning a large group of 20 or so ukuleles twice a day to allow them to &#34;settle in&#34;.  I've used both of these similarly priced tuners and have found them both to be excellent.  I can't really tell any difference in the accuracy of either one.  They are both contact tuners, meaning that they pick up the vibration of the instrument rather than relying on an external microphone.The Hola! is definitely the best choice of the two in that it's more versatile, easier to use, more durable looking, and easier to store.  The Hola! lies virtually flat and takes up less space in every dimension than the snark.  It comes in a plastic sales container that can be reused to offer further protection if you feel the need.  The Snark's curved display arm (which you can't really see in the photo) is slightly more delicate looking, in addition to the fact that it extrudes farther.  I found the Hola! display to be bigger, brighter and generally easier to read.  Honestly, most of these differences are minor especially when considering how inexpensive these tuners are.  The really important difference is the &#34;tuning mode&#34; feature on the Hola!.Hola! offers very simple operation with one button for power and for switching between its 4 modes of function.  You can select &#34;chromatic&#34;, &#34;guitar&#34;, &#34;bass&#34; and &#34;ukulele&#34; modes by briefly pressing the power button (as opposed to a long-press for power on/off).  This is an especially important feature if the user is not an experienced and knowledgeable musician.  Imagine trying to tune with a an 88-key piano if you don't know anything about the notes on the piano.  &#34;Ukulele&#34; mode is like using a piano with only 4 notes.  Use &#34;chromatic&#34; to tune your uke differently than standard or tune other instruments.The snark *is* superior in it's rotating display which can be turned and rotated in almost any direction.  If turning your head *at all* is a deal-breaker, get the Snark.  I found the Hola!'s display to be more than sufficient.  I'm currently using the snark on my guitar.
I bought this on a whim to use as a low cost tuner for my Hola! uke...and find myself using it on my six string guitar and four string bass as well. It tunes quickly and easily, with different colors used for when your too high or too low in pitch, and uses green as the color when you nail it, very nice and easy to use. It's also very compact, easily storing in even the tightest of gig bags, even your pants pocket will do for traveling.I highly recommend this if your on a tight budget and can only get one tuner for multiple instruments, it's a bargain and it works great. You can't honestly ask for more!
I love this little tuner. It is smaller than I thought it would be. It weighs next to nothing, is accurate,  and easy to read with its bright large display. It is universal for different string instruments by pressing the botton on the back. The only part of the display that is very small is the one that tells you what instrument it is set for, but that was not a big enough issue for me to subtract points for.
I've ordered 9 of these, and only one has been defective. Not worth shipping it back, no big deal. Great tuner for my guitar class! The Snark may have a few more features, but if all you need this to do is help you tune, you're good to go.
Liked the fact it tunes your ukulele as I must be tone deaf and cant use pitch pipes,, I bought another for my step son.  I did have a problem with mine not turning on one time but after re-seating the battery it has not had a problem since.
