I LOVE this mic as an indoor studio mic.  I would not use it in a location with a high level of background noise as it is omni-directional and picks up quite a lot of extra noise.  But when the conditions are quiet like in a studio, this mic ROCKS. Clean, warm sound that picks up natural bass really well.  Good for vocals (singing), or instruments like a guitar or piano. Also have used it for some minor podcasting and it worked very well for that too!Comes with a dB limiter (-16dB)switch, right on the mic.  Works really nicely at limiting background noise.I would highly recommend this especially at the price.  Comes with a decent hard case and SWEET shock mount.  Very happy overall.
i love it! im using this mic to record my vocals for my home made demos, it works just awesome. quality and price, im just satisfied!
Best sounding vocal mike for the bucks.  I tried many MXL mikes (under 200) and this was the only one that came close.  Unfortunately, the top end isn't as defined as a AT2035 or NT1-A.  So I ended up forking out 2x as much and going with the latter.
Love this little guy! I was previously using a Blue USB Snowball. This just sounds so much fuller and more real.
These microphones were made for the studio, I used it for live performance, you better have a good PA System to enjoy the sound, there everything that the video showed, it's a great microphone period. Top of the line and it works great, thank you Marshall Electronics and Amazon.
For years I've owned a nice AT4033. Recently I've wanted to be able to "double-mic" vocals for vocal doubling ambiance, chorus effect, etc., but didn't have the cash for another AT4033 or similar. After searching the net extensively, I kept seeing the MXL770 rated very highly and decided to take the plunge and figured I'll just return it if it's not any good. Wow! I can't hear any discernible difference when simultaneously recording the AT4033 on the left channel and the MXL770 on the right channel. They both sound great and I think the MXL even looks better and feels just as solid as the AT. A definite keeper.It's great that advancements in design and engineering are producing high quality products for the masses at rock bottom prices ($69). Who says you can't afford the "good" stuff these days. Keep it up technology gurus!
I got this mic to record a vocal podcast and so far I'm very happy with the results.  The sound quality is wonderful, the sensitivity is amazing!  Clarity is great, packaging is nice with the carry case and included stabilizer.  I'm not an audio expert, but so far the sound quality out of this mic sounds very excellent to me.
This Mic has a nice tonal quality perfect for our Studio's here at [...] Tune in and check it out I think you will agree. Sounds great and at the Right Price
This mic has amazing quality. I was recording my music on a USB condenser mic for about 2 years. Feels great to finally have professional sounding music. Check out my soundcloud @ soundcloud.com/ljaymusic. Really dope mic!
