It is a good price, works fine to connect my wha wha pedal to my ampli.4 stars because nothing is perfect but I'm happy with it
sturdy, strong, good quality cable for guitar, especially like  the fit with the right angle plug. would purchase again if need bd
Works fine.  Good value
I use this cable a lot, and it has stood the test of time. If it matters to you, the white ends are very, well, white. They look nice in the product photos, but sometimes clash with certain guitars and stomp boxes colors/designs. Just saying...
A good quality cable to use while playing sitting, to go down to my processor on the floor in front of me. The angle goes up tight to the floor unit and out of the way and 5 feet is plenty. Great cable! I use Fender's 15 foot angle plug from the processor to my amp because stepping on the plugs can break the jacks.
This cable is quality, no crackling, strong connections and hard metal. Maybe not top of the line but definitely acceptable.
I like this cable for it has an angled plug. It is not that long but no complaints. It works as it should and does well.
wish i would have bought  4 of the 20 footersgoing to buy more of them for sure they are great guitar cables
i use this cable to patch a preamp to an amp.  it works really well.  having the two different style of ends gives you good options when putting a system together.
Not too much to say about a cable.  It worked out of the box...no shorts or noises. The jacket on the straight plug was partly unscrewed and that's a continuing problem with these cords.  I use some thread-lock on them.  I find the right angle plugs useful for lots of things.
I use this 5 footer between my guitar pedals and amp. I do move it around plug and unplug it often and after two months of daily use it works as well as it did when it was brand new. I was initially concerned when I first received the cable that it would not last. The cable is not as fat as I had hoped, however the ends are solid and sturdily built. I usually use Mogami Gold cables and do so because budget cables are crap and only last a month or so, if that long.  This Hosa Cable is a very good cable and I even chose to use Hosa jumper cables between my over drives and effects pedals. They last.
highly recommend to everyone. this is a good quality cable and never have any issues whatsoever, highly recommend to everyone.
Believe this 5 feet Cable is no small thing. The Jacks are high quality construction. Very very durable. The cable itself is thinker that ordinary guitar cable. I plan on enjoying this Cable for many many years. I'm glad I bought it, and thanks to Amazon who made it available.
works great and to me its cheap. cant see why you would buy a more expensive guitar cable.Highly recomended
A VERY handy item. Great for sitting by your practice amp when you don't want to be bothered with stepping all over your 10footers.  The wire could be a little heavier but you can't beat the value. The plugs are the standard screw-down type with well soldered  joints.  I've used this, now, for quite a while and have no problems nor complaints with this cord.
I thought I was buying the 10 footer and realize I ordered the 5 footer too late.  Let's be honest here, what good is a 5 foot amp chord unless you're sitting on the amp?  My bad..I never would have ordered this as it costs the same money for the 10 footers as it does for the 5 footers.  I would not recommend buying a 5 footer unless you practice in a closet.
If you need a well made cable in a short length, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend these.  Buy one now.
5 feet is a weird length for a cable. It really only has one use: When you're sitting right next to your practice amp. Just don't wander too far off! This cable is perfect for a kid who is going to his/her guitar lesson and has to plug in.I bought two of these for the home studio to jack in a guitar with a pedal or two in between. I feel chained to my workstation. Just my experience. Get a 10 foot and be free!Hope it helps.
These cables are VERY good. The metal heads at both ends are of excellent quality and you can unscrew the grip to change the pins. There is no play when I plug these into my guitar nor are they too tight- that is, the pin diameter is perfect! There's also a white protective hard paper at both ends to prevent internal short due to fatigue (which is how I lost the last two cables and which would be expected from daily guitar practice)
These cables work well for my guitar, keyboard and drums.  They appear to hold up well under constant moving.  I will be getting more.
I used to have bulk 18 gauge wire, and Switchcraft jacks, to make my own cables. These Hosa cables probably use 22 to 24 gauge wire, but are adequate for the price. The heat shrink strain reliefs are adequate as well. I recommend tightening the housing, because everyone of mine were loose.
This cable seems top-notch to me.  Some complaints I heard had to do with this brand not lasting.  (Of course, those guys abuse their equipment.)  Maybe that will be something I'll encounter, but this cable appears to be very well made--and it works great.  I take very good care of my gear, so I expect this one to last.  Only gave it four out of five because I'd rate some other cables slightly higher.  This a great cable, the length is perfect for practice, and I'd buy another.
a ver nice and powerfull product for the mans health really reccomend this item if you are a truly music chosen one
Awe... it might have deserved 5 stars had it had a chance to prove itself. But I did buy another that I still have but it is still in it's original packaging as a back up for my other cords. Until i break it out and use it hard for 6 months I have nothing else to say here.
Construction and Use: 5/5The connectors and shielding on these cables are good and do not introduce much noise into a system.The manufacturer has done a good job on this cable, but the user is responsible for two things (this addresses complaints I see in other reviews):1) Take care of your cables. The right angle plug side is much stronger than the straight plug side; this is by design. Take good care of your cables and it should last you quite a long time. This includes taking the time to store them for use.2) Make sure you know what length you need for a cable. The shorter the cable, the better for studio use. It reduces signal travel time and potential for interference (though these cables are shielded so the latter concern is moot). If you need a longer cable, buy a longer cable. Don't buy what is advertised as 5' cable and then write a negative review when you really needed a 15' cable.
Bought two for a shockingly low price that I couldn't beat anywhere- even at double the price. Quality cable, sturdy  user serviceable connectors, well constructed, and 6 months of daily use with no issues. What more can you ask for?
I bought this cable, because my guitar connection is in the back. This Just fix perfectly! I don't expected nothing better, this is just right. Glad I chose to purchase this cable.
Bought these to replace the ones that I had previously ordered from another vendor.  These have good shielding not like the others.
I've purchased several of these in different lengths and styles and never had a problem but this one is giving me some minor difficulties with connection.  Like a loose connection.
I will use this cable to connect my guitars to a portable amp. The quality is great, price is right and delivered on time.
This is a great cable at a good price. I works well without the extra noise you get with some cheap cables. I have been playing guitar for many years and would recomend this cable.
This cable works for me in the tuner out jack of my amp. I noticed how thin the cable is, but the length is good for my needs. I  have played through the cable once and found it sub par compared to my other cables, which are professional grade and cost a lot more, but this is a cheap cable and sounds like any other cable of this caliber. I use the right angle to hook up to my jazz  bass during rehearsal where long cables at times bunch up and become cumbersome in a studio setting.
I use this cable between my fender blues jr and a ditto x2 looper, it works great and the angled jack puts less stress on the cable and input jack
Showed up in two days and it works great, looks solid, nice construction, quality cord w/ right angle for $7, yea!! :D
This is good for the money.  It is short, but works with the small amp that I purchased.  I am done
These are good quality cables at an economical price. The difference between Hosa, and my high end cables are barely noticeable. The cable shipped fast, and I couldn't be more pleased.
Unless you're going to get a very expensive professional chord this is just as good as any other and works great for medium sized venues.
In fact, I don't think this Hosa GTR215R cord lasted 2 hours. One step on the cord and it came apart. This purchase is the very reason why I'm looking to buy a wireless system. Maybe if you're using this to run a PA I would recommend it. But if any performer is hard on their cords I wouldn't recommend this item....but to be fair, I would recommend wireless to any performer. You'll end up saving money over the long haul.
This little cable gets used on my practice amp. I love the 90 degree connection. The overall quality seems good and I have had no problems.
Let me be upfront. I often use my electric guitar unplugged. When I am plugged in, I don't move around a lot. So this cord does not get a good frequent use and abusing. But no hum or noise and seems solid. It was very affordable. Can't say how it would perform if used live and in performance all the time, but for the price, I can not complain at all. I suspect it will always work good for me due to its light usage.
One for each guitar and they are heavy duty and work great.  I probably didn't need the 15' length, but at the time, this was the only really good cable with 90* angles.
I got this because I was adding a Pedal to my practice amp.  This runs from my Guitar to the pedal.  Works perfect and the length is just right to reach from the guitar to the pedal.  This is actually my best cable and I think I will soon be upgrading my cheaper cables to these
This is great for adding pedals. You cant go wrong for this item with the price even more so thank you
been using it for a month or 2 now.. had absolutely no problems..good constructio,looks good..angled end is a good fit..price is good.
