I didn't do the sound quality test but i have another one of these and it works just fine. I just tested if all the plugs work and they do. If i'll get some sound problems i will write an update but i'm confident that it's going to be ok.
This plug works very well.  I like the right angle connectors.  I have a Korg Pitchblack plus that can act as a powersource for other pedals.  It included a multi-plug cable, but not a right angle one.  The connectors kind of stuck out and got in the way on my pedalboard.  This works much better.
This original plug fits the purpose perfectly! Quality and precision! The plugs don't take up space (couldn't be smaller) and the wiring is pliable and easy to rout in and out of spaces on your pedalboard. Keep away from the cheap imitations that rob you of space and are hard to work with! Make sure what you receive is a One Spot product in its original packaging (check images).
I've got 5 effects hooked up to this thing. It fits beautifully and powers all of them at once. Have no problems with this. I recommend it!
The One Spot is a great way to supply power to all your stomp boxes without a bulky power supply or a bunch of wall warts.  Get it, you won't be sorry.
Arrived on time ... works as intended and maybe more.One day, I was pondering how best to de-clutter my wall receptacles from a glut of power adapters and also my table from a spaghetti of ensuing power cords used to feed various 9V-12V DC equipment on my table or rack. Fortunately, I chanced upon this little gem and in an instant ... my problem was solved. I chose the 12V adapter with the highest rated power output and used that as my primary 12V DC source and this little gem to power all the other equipment on the table or rack. I also bought another similar unit form another source here on Amazon and used that to supply the 9V DC source to power the rest of the units that needed a 9V source. Everything worked fine and I relegated the remaining adapters to storage. Been working without a problem to this day.
This is a very handy item to have when you need to connect your guitar effects with power.  Its easy to install and keeps things simple.  No more extra messy cabling.  Glad I got it.  Thanks to Amazon for the quick delivery.
Bought this for my guitar pedals and it works great and doesn't cost much.  I just attached it to an existing adapter and voila.
High-quality cable for expanding the capability of the One-Spot or Godlyke 9V power adapter. Distance between plugs more than adequate for most pedal boards.
Running 3 to 5 pedals on my board, this was a logical choice of power. The single transformer running into the board with the multi-plug was easy to set up and the small profile of the plugs, combined with the thin cables makes for a neat and uncluttered board. There is no lin drop of power and the devices are able to draw the current needed to work at their peak. Further, with the transformer being well away from the board, there is zero AC hum. What's not to like here?
Good quality, wired correctly, can't complain.  If you use the "One Spot" power adaptor, you need to have a couple of these laying around.  It's probably not practical, but I wish they made more sizes.  In one configuration, I only need two plugs, in another configuration I need three, and yet another configuration I need five, so I actually bought a few of the fives, and cut them off to the length I need.
This helped me a lot building my pedal board, actually think its kinda overpriced, but its really really good.I have 2 of these actually.I recommend this product.
What can I say? It does what it should.  5 pedals on a chain runs safely without crazy hiss and hum on my rig. Of course, if you're running a chain of drive/distortion pedals, you're asking for it.Works great for me. Zero complaints.
Nice daisy chain, If it's bought along with the 1 spot adapter, just make sure to avoid using all the connectors, since it could overload the adapter and you'll have noise problems and performance issues, if you use 4 analog pedals connected (as I do) there won't be any problem, I had to play around and also realized that some pedals might use little more power on their funtions, so what I do is that I have a 1 spot adapter connected to a power strip with my 3 boss pedals and a Wah, and in the other power strip slot I have another generic adapter connected with my MXR noise clamp so it doesn't interferes with them. I works just fine.
Works like a charm. Powers up to five 9V effects, using one power supply. I am using four plugs and it has worked flawlessly. No more dead 9V batteries. Some effects eat 9V batteries like a 6 year old with a cone of cotton candy.
I own a one spot but ran out of plugs for all my pedals. This product allowed me to lengthen my cord and provide the added power supply that I needed. No tone loss at all. Great to have an extension rather than having to get another power supply!!!
I bought an extension for it, and so this plug has allowed me to stop using eight batteries. Hard not to like that.
If you own more than 1 pedal (and we all do) you need this and the 1 spot adapter. It will save you a lot of money on batteries and aggravation when you battery runs out on stage. It's worth it's weight in gold. and RockIsland Sound sends it out FAST!. You can count on me for future purchases! Thanks Guys!
I used this along with a Dunlop DC adapter and it all fits nicely.  I'm powering a Zoom MS-50G and a Fulltone OCD.  It will pay for itself over a year in saved battery costs.
I only have two pedals, but that was one outlet spot too many, and it really makes a difference when you're onstage with only one power strip.  Now I just wish I had an attachment that would let me charge my laptop and iPhone from the same plug as the pedals.  Can't always get what you want.
This product works as advertised, but you should beware. These are RIGHT ANGLED, and they WILL NOT fit in a lot of pedals including the CRYBABY WAH.You have been warned!!!
I started by powering 1 stomp box on this chain and it worked, but when I tried to add a second/third stomp box, I couldn't get any guitar sound only a loud buzz. I returned this product I did further testing, I would not recommend it to anyone. With my personal experience in mind, I would advise you to save your money and get a pedalboard power supply. hope this helps
I bought this because I had already bought a "1 spot" plug but as i gained pedals, I needed something to power them without buying more adapters and this is greatest way to solve that problem. Highly recommended.
One Spots come with an 8-pedal multi plug. If you only have 4 pedals, or lets say you have 12, powering them with an 8 plug makes it difficult to isolate power and noise levels properly. The left over connectors can cause ground issues if they touch things when they aren't plugged into pedals. Using this smaller multi plug will leave less open spaces, alternatively it can be attached to any link in another multiplug to add more plugs. Very nice quality, just as with all one spot stuff. Great price, great purchase.
Completely quite. Connected with no problem. I own two.
Good long cable works well with all my pedals, well worth it to get ride of annoying 9 v batteries.
If you're buying this and new to effects pedals (like I was), you'll be concerned whether it'll work with the inexpensive pedals you're likely to also be buying, especially since there is a large kit with a number of converters that might scare you into thinking you'll need them. The two most common types of inexpensive pedals are Danelectro and Behringer, and if you're like me they're ll you'll buy for quite a while. The good news is, you do NOT need to buy converters for them. This little beauty will run all your Behringer and Danelectro pedals, off from any of the standard 9V power supplies available (you don't NEED to buy a 1SPOT, I use it with a Behringer but you could certainly put it together with the less-expensive Planet Wave if you're working on an even tighter budget. In short, buy this product, it will save you its cost in 9V batteries within the first two months if you're on low-price pedals.
Works. Works as expected and should last a really really long time. Glad I bought it. Nothing else to say. Thanks.
...thing is great for multi-pedal use!  This is a must if you have any of the Danelectro/FAB pedals.  As anyone who has one of these pedals knows they eat 9-volts like candy, you purchase the power supply (search for Danelectro DA-1 9.6V AC Adapter) and this cable and you're good to go for up to 5 pedals!  No more battery swaps.
Very nice cable. I used this with my Planet Waves 9v adapter. It works very well, all my pedals powered off one adapter is very useful. The Onespot adapter itself would probably be even better as it only takes one place on a power strip etc instead of a chunky old school adapter like the Planet Waves style. Really nice product for the price.
This product isn't really one to review but it does what it advertises. I use this in conjugation with a one spot and a boss daisy chain coming from my TU-3 (great tuner by the way). Starting to build my pedal board so I figured better to start off with a 30 dollar power source than to go and spend like two hundred on a T-Rex fuel tank, which I'm planing on in the future. Great adapter for all of your pedals, decent quality, and only ten bucks. Can't beat it!
It's a well build daisy chain DC power cable. It has good lenght between two plugs. You won't have difficulties to plug your pedals.
This Multi-plug works great and has enough plugs for 5 pedals. I only needed it for two pedals which are not in a case, so there is some extra plugs hanging on the floor but is better than setting up another wall wart each pedal. If needed in the future I have these extra plugs. I recommend this Multi-Plug to everyone!
great little cable.  now i power all my pedals with one power supply.  makes setting up for gigs much easier
