I bought an Ibanez Concert size uke.  The body is 2 inches wide (less than the 2.75 inches stated for this stand).  My uke does not fit well in the stand.  Why?  The twin forks at the base that hold the instrument are both too narrow, and the curve downward from the stand is not proper for this uke.  Thus, any uke that is concert size or greater.  So, most ukes don't fit well.  They fit, just not well.I did, and you will likely need this advice, remove the bottom fork, turn it upside down, and reinstall it (no tools required).  Now the "curve" of it is upward, and the uke better sits on it.  The fit is improved.  Not great but better.  One stand can't fit all instruments, but my full size guitar stands hold most all guitars.  This small stand does not hold most all ukes.Although its neat how it folds up, like the video here on Amazon reviews, it is very heavy for its size.  This is not a lightweight stand.  At all.  Surprisingly heavy, and not one that you will be lugging around day to day in your uke gig bag, trust me.I wish I got the Hercules standHercules GS402B Mini Stand. All Hercules stuff is superb, and my friend has one for his uke and says it's sublime (I don't own it, myself, so I just present this so you can research it and it's reviews on Amazon). I own other Herc stuff, and it's all ideal, and for a few bucks more, I could have had that lifelong-use stand instead of this one.  Oh, well, for once, I got cheap.  And got burned for it.All in all, not great, this tiny stand.  One stand fits NOT all.  Perhaps a violin or something would be better on this stand, but I think the general shape of it is less than ideal for most instruments.  You may think you can bend the lower forks, but it's hard to do, will require a vice, and if you see on the Amazon pictures, the lower fork just sits in two plastic grooves, so if you splay it out like it should be, you'll change the way it fits in the grooves, and thus it won;t work at all.  It's just an imperfect design. My take on it, your mileage may vary.  Bye bye.
At the time I bought, was $16.  Mine arrived broken, so it had gone back.  Reality is that it is not that good regardless of mine being broken.  Not upset about that - stuff happens.  It is just not a good stand.  Light construcion, unstable (topples easily) and a likely candidate to be broken if dropped.  The 'protective' materails on the stand to keep product from scratching your instrument are the soft, shiny runner like materail and it 'sticks' to my instrument's neck.  So I pick up uke and I get a stand until the stickiness is seprated by gravity.  Happened every time.  Yes, I tried out the stand even though broken, and it proved to be a bad choice.  Back it has gone.  5 stars to Amazon's return policy, thouh!
This stand does its job quite well.  The only problem I can foresee anyone having, is there are no instructions on the proper way to unfold it.  It's not a difficult problem to solve though, so be patient and all will work out.**** Update****I just want to add that the seller of this item went above and beyond, as far as customer service.  I have nothing but praise for them!
This stand is useful for small instruments..fits my tenor uke and violin just fine.  Any bigger than that, and the piece that holds the neck becomes too small (like a baby martin guitar), etc.  Hope this helps
Just recieved my stand. It fits the mandolin perfect,It also fits my wifes Ukelele--- So I ordered a second one this morning. Its made very well. Is compact once its folded up. The price was  awesome.I totaly recomend this stand for anyone that has a small stringed insterment. Thank -you so much
