For those that want to record(I use Adobe Audition) this item is good for recording.I use to use my sound card. This provides a smoother sound and I don't have to worry about hissing when I record.You can just plug in your guitar or bass.Here is a letter I wrote to Tascam:On humble advice I would forward this email to all of your subsidiaries any retail store that sells Tascam USB audio devices! Anywhere in the world.Just today I got the new Tascam US-100 USB audio interface. It of course uses the Windows audio drivers. A nightmare occured. When I plugged in the device Windows XP had the usual "detect USB device" come up. But to my horror it wound up saying "A hardware problem occured your hardware may not operate properly" something of that sort.I spent over 4 hours trying to figure this whole thing out and I read the manual it came with. Tried all sorts of things oh brother! It still would not install. By the way this happened with a previous USB audio device, not made by Tascam, that did the excact same thing on my computer.But to my luck I found out what the problem was! Thank God for the website that had this on a blog!:In the c:\windows\inf folder there must exist two files:wdma_usb.infwdma_usb.PNFIt is really the .inf file that is important. Some software  seems to knock these out by renaming them to:wdma_usbinf.bakwdma_usbpnf.bakI simply found the files, opened them and renamed them to the proper names. And lo and behold when I restarted my computer the Tascan US 100 worked!Its easy to rename the files you just open wdma_usbinf.bakwdma_usbpnf.bak and  then save them as wdma_usb.infwdma_usb.PNF.Its that simple!!Anyone who works customer service for Tascam should know this. Like I said it happend with a previous USB audio device that I had and I woulnd up selling it at eBay cause I was so frustrated.I'm happy with the Tascam US 100.I hope this helps if your audio does not work on your computer. And it did the same with a USB phone.
This Tascam "US-100 USB Audio Interface" is exactly what I was looking for to record from our wireless mic with XLR outputs, directly to my PC video editing software. We professionally produce instructional videos and needed this for "voice over" work on existing footage. Before getting this convenient little unit we had to record into a camcorder and then import it into the PC, so this saves us a step when we only need to record audio. Here are my observations:+ Plug and Play; connected to my PC via USB and was instantly recognized+ USB Powered; no external power needed, a big plus when using my laptop+ Good Sound; clean and clear input+ Multiple Inputs; XLR, 1/4 Mic, RCA stereo line, and "Hi-Z" GuitarMisc:- XLR input is not powered (not a problem for us)- Includes "Audacity" software, but we did not need to load itHighly Recommended!CFH
Does it's job extremely well, produces high quality audio and is fantastic for recording your microphone or guitar or what have you without any fuzz or latency. It's built like a tank, and it's nice and solid. This interface is an amazing piece of beginner kit that will not disappoint.
I won't recommend this to anyone, i actually used this one as a sound card, since doesn't work good for recording.spend some more money if you want something good.
The US-100 works fine for my needs: rough and ready audio tracking with 32-bit Cubase 5 on 64-bit Windows 7. My PC is for general-use with a non-studio configuration (no mixer, non-phantom power mics, headphone monitoring).If you're buying for a studio setup requiring phantom power or multiple inputs, you'll need a separate mixer and/or standalone phantom supply. From the mixer you can cable to the US-100's line input via RCA jacks on the back.There were a couple of hiccups during setup, but I don't blame the device. It uses stock O/S drivers that loaded right up. The documentation is minimal and only covers up to Vista, but it's accurate and you'll manage with Win7. On the Windows side make the USB AudioCodec your default recording and playback device to override any onboard or card-based audio and speakers (I have Realtek onboard and 2.1 desktop speakers).I'm using ASIO4ALL with Cubase and Cubase crashed a couple of times while configuring VST connections and I/O busses. Once configured however, it's been solid.I'd recommend checking out user forums for your particular software/platform to find similar gotchas and to set your expectations.On an XP machine, changing the default sound devices often means the hassle of toggling settings before and after launching the DAW. On Win7, once I unplug the US-100, the settings revert nicely to my desktop speakers. If I plug the US-100 back in, the settings revert again - very reliable. Even better, if I want to use Cubase strictly for MIDI, the software detects the change and I don't have to reconfigure connections or busses. That may be a function of Cubase, so again it pays to research your particular software.While the US-100 is connected, you'll hear nothing from your computer speakers and have to rely upon the US-100's headphone jack or audio out RCA jacks. This is where the balance control is very helpful. It's not a pan, it's a center position gain mixing the computer's output (from within your DAW as well as outside system sounds) with direct monitoring of your input signal. Very simple to use for overdubbing. Some people may prefer a hard left/right pan while overdubbing: I can live with the center mix though a switch to toggle a true pan would have been a terrific feature.If you do want desktop speaker playback after your tracks are done, there are a number ways to go: 1) Unplug the US-100 and restart your DAW. 2) Run a cable from the RCA outs on the US-100 to the mini-jack aux in on your desktop speakers 3) Run a mini-jack extension cord from the headphone jack on the US-100 to the aux-in.While using the headphone jack, the RCA audio outs are muted and vis-versa. Rather than having to pull out the headphone I would prefer a push switch that toggles the front to back output, but I can live without it.Again, the US-100 works great so long as your needs meet its capabilities. You can't rely on the product description or packaging to answer that. Fortunately there's enough user-information out there for just about any setup it shouldn't be difficult to track down.
although the quality is obviously not that of a studio, this guy serves it's purpose and i am not dissapointed in buying it. i use it when i mess around in garageband, and it does a very good job for not being an expensive peice of equipment. it's also very easy to use, and the USB cord is super easy for using witha laptop or computer. plus, you canplug your headphones in and listen which is always a plus.
got this to run instruments into my comp to use with sony acid, and this works well. I had problems with the sony acid (latency, boo) and while I downloaded an asio program to cut the latency, I don't use it really now, but is good to have when and if I use the sony for recording and not just mixing. the stereo sound on this is great, like true guitar stereo.
it is entry level but only records one channel even though it is misleading with multiple inputs and outputs. It works as a beginner tool but only that. mono only.
I'm sick of protools and I wanted to find something cheap and easy until I could afford to upgrade to some real equipment to use with cubase.  This unit fit the bill and has decent reviews so I went for it.I'm using it to record guitar and vocals and it does the trick.  The problem is that it records a lot of hum and white noise when using the xlr input.  I've tried every variation possible to make sure the problem isn't external to the unit.  I even tested the exact same mic + cable input into my MBox with protools and got a clean recording.  I actually like this unit's "tone" better than the mbox - it seems more transparent.  If not for the hum, it would get 5 stars.Unfortunately, hum is a pretty big problem.  The hum isn't loud enough to ruin your recording of only one or two tracks.  If you start layering, though, you can quickly be overtaken by white noise.  I even tried moving the unit onto a different electrical circuit and still had the same problem.So, it works for rough stuff for your own use but I wouldn't use it for anything you plan on passing around much.
This was my first foray into home recording  and it comes with Audacityfor free.  Free is free, and you get what you pay for in terms of something that will not produce high qualty musical reproduction .  The interface is noisy, and it requred a lot of tweaking after the fact to get a reasonable sound without distorion and humms etc.  Sent it back after one day.
