I've never been much of an effect pedal guy; lots of batteries and cables when I can just get a good tone direct into my Fender tweed. I've recently conceded to using more effects and have gone, quite frankly, hog wild on new gear. This is the best of the pedal purchases I have made so far, it's not quite the MXR sound I was going for but there's definitely something here. The boost works very well for lead work and really ups the sustain on my Strat.Just two controls, one for volume, one for compression. My only concern is that the knobs feel like they could be much more sturdy, I haven't pulled them off yet but I would guess the pots have plastic posts as opposed to metal ones.
Well it's made nicely, but output is not strong, sensitivity brings notes together, on the bright side but there's little ciean sustain, i'm going to work with it more, that's compressor's.
I purchased this compressor pedal kind of on a whim. I was looking at some nicer ones, and decided to give it a go for only $20. It came in the mail today, and i was surprised that basic-ness of the packaging. Very little instructions at all actually.This DOES NOT ship with a 9 volt battery, and putting one in yourself is kind of a pain to change, as you have to get a philips screwdriver and unscrew 4 corner screws on the back to do so. (wish there was a plastic back, or thumb screw option)This pedal is really quiet, and not in a good way.Don't expect to boost your signal level with it, with the makeup gain/output knob all the way up and the sensitivity all the way down, it was about the same volume as the original signal, only a little noisier.Did not seem to be a tone sucker in the chain/add any noise when off. Most compressors add a little noise or hiss when on, due to the nature of raising the noise floor.It also has a SUBSTANTIAL treble boost/low cut going on. even with the sensitivity knob all the way down, it kills your low end. It is quite bright sounding.With that being said, it works wonders on single string/double stop stuff on the already trebley stuff played on the G, B, and E strings, and makes them sound tight and full.It does seem quite durable, The case isn't made of cheap plastic, which is a good thing.Though not as rugged as some of the other pedals I would own.The switch and inputs seem a little cheap though, granted it was a $20 pedal.I feel using this pedal on tour might be a bad idea, however for home/non daily-use i could see it lasting a while.The LED is really bright. Almost so bright, that when you're looking to adjust the controls, it makes it somewhat hard to see what you're doing.All in all, if you're looking for a cheap compressor to boost your  treble strings and give em some extra punch, this may be the pedal for you, especially if you only have $20.If you're looking for a warm full bodied compressor, this is not the choice for you. You should really wait and get the MXR Dyna Comp for just a few bucks more.
This was EXACTLY what I needed this being the 3rd compressor I bought. I use it for vocals it drops bass a little is super quiet and has a mid range bump. So happy I got this (I got a used one and its in perfect condition so that was a bonus too) Behringer rules!
I use several Behringer components in my set-up (e.g., my mixer, PA Speakers, effects, accessories, etc.) including this pedal.  I have confidence in the Behringer name and always feel like I'm getting a good solid piece of equipment that I can rely on.  This pedal is no exception - it's a sturdily built effects pedal that will give you exactly what you are looking for in a compressor pedal.  I don't like to depend on battery power for any critical components if I don't have to so I also purchased the Behringer PSU-SB Power Supply General Purpose DC 9V Power Adaptor available on Amazon along with this.  Great price, sturdily built, great compressor effect !!!
For years I was lugging around a large rack case with my Mackie board and a host of rack effects (reverb, delay, compressors etc.). While using the rack I had a line from my programmable guitar effects pedal (Boss) that went to a rack compressor then out to my little Vox amp (the internal compressor in my Boss ME-30 pedal was terrible). I was very happy with this set up for about 10 years but about a year ago I stopped using the rack (smaller clubs and places with too many stairs). Since then I went to a smaller PA (Soundcraft Gigarac and some active Mackie speakers)and started using that terrible compressor in the otherwise decent Boss pedal. A few months ago I took out my old box of effects pedals and built a small pedal board. This worked great but I couldn't locate my old Ibanez CS9 compressor and years ago I know gave away my MXR. I needed a compressor pedal for my new pedal board that worked as well as the Alesis.Seems like I found a winner. This MXR clone from Behringer seems to work as well if not better than the MXR and is much quieter. Some people have mentioned a slight bump on the upper mids of the compressed signal (and I agree that it is there) but it's not hiss or added noise and I like the sound. My main guitar is a mid 90's Epiphone Sheriton and it sounds great through the Behringer DC9. I can't comment of the durability because I haven't had it that long but the case is metal and everything feels solid. I don't crank up the compression too much and I leave the pedal on about 90% of the time to control the overall signal from my pedal board (My pedals in order: Ibanez TS9, Ibanez Super Tube (a 1984 pedal that was made between the TS9 and TS10) a cheap chorus pedal, Ibanez DE7 delay into a Behringer DR600 Reverb.)For $24.00 this compressor does just what it's supposed to do. It's a two knob "sqeezer" just like old MXR and just works. (No need to worry about compression ratios, thresholds, release points or attack settings). Two knobs: one to set the overall compression and one to adjust the output volume. Great simple pedal clean sound.Update: I have had this pedal now for about 1 1/2 years. I notice one reviewer said that the bass sound dropped out on his guitar signal with this pedal. I have to admit that this is true. It's not a huge drop in the bottom end tone but it is noticeable. This pedal is not something that I would use too heavily, it does a nice job compressing peaks and overall range and gives you a nice smooth sound. If you are looking for a guitar pedal to "sustain" the sound you may want to look at other pedals. This is just a basic compressor not a true "sustainer" and at high levels it will probably make you sound very "thin" as the compression ratio gets above 3.5-4.0 or higher. On the other hand most stomp pedal compressors under $80-100.00 will do pretty much the same thing. My Alesis rack compressor will knock the punch out of a signal at high levels also. The sound is clean but it's best used for a little compression, not the huge amounts needed to call it a "sustainer". Try the Behringer CS400 for more sustain.
I do own a few Behringer pedals and many are very good sounding for their price range, and this pedal will stay in my collection.I've spent $200+ for a few of my pedals, but I order and try many other pedals within the same effects range, because some I believe are just to costly for what you get, and the sound quality usually are not that far apart.I would put this pedal in that category. This is my 1st compressor pedal and while I dint think I really needed this type of pedal, for the price I thought I would give it a try... WOW! The Behringer DC9 Dynamics Compressor Pedal greatly enhances the sounds of every other pedal on my pedal-board, plus I get a volume control knob that allows me to drop my amp output level to below where to amp is set. So I can go quiet on an apartment at late hours, with a 100 watt amp, that's nice.So I would say the majority of people will absolutely love this pedal.
Not the same as a MXR so don't get your hopes up on that. It is however a great compressor for the money and useful for many applications, I find myself using it for bass more than guitar but its great for either.
Let's face it, I'm sure there are better compressors than this for about 3 to 4 times the price but this brought my amp into the light. Bright, crisp, clean, balanced sound reproduction. Got the Danelectro wall wart for it. Worked great. The free shipping was lighting fast and I got more than I bargain for. Get one!
