The Rate goes from barely there to a massively overdriven buzz tone. I'd consider the usable range from 0 to about 9 1/4. The real treat is the Tone switch. It's almost like having two stompboxes in one. The footswitch action is smooth, quiet and nearly effortless. The effect is there, then it's not. There are no audible artifacts as it switches in or out. It's hard to beat this box at any price. If the unthinkable happened I'd buy another one in a heartbeat.
I had always wanted a phase shifter but I never wanted to pay alot of money for one because its not something I had to have but I just wanted one. The reason I bought this one was because it was cheap. I got it and hooked it up and wow this thing is kool. You can get some insane sounds out of it. I mean some are so insane I asked myself what could someone possibly use this with in a song. But it's great. It does what it is suppose to do and it is a sturdy stomp box. Couldn't ask for more.
Great sound, works just like a phaser should. I have had it for a couple months and dig the way it sounds. I use it with very little gain for sort of a clean funky guitar effect. Cool pedal, solid construction. Only thing is that it is big!! One other thing, it works better if you put it in front. I found that in the effects loop, it does not work so great.
Great pedal- very lush and usable tones. Think "Lightning Crashes" by the band "Live". Ok, I was going to initially give it 4 stars because of the following reasons:  plastic knobs, foot switch does not 'click', very miniscule volume drop with engagement (actually, I moved the pedal to a different spot in my signal chain and I *think* that resolved the volume issue, but I can't tell-  I guess if it is too close to tell, then it's a non issue !). Then I performed a reality check on myself and looked at the price again.  Metal enclosure.  Works like a charm.  Twenty four tax free bucks and free shipping.  It gets 5 stars because there is nothing even close at this price.
Works great.  For the money you can't go wrong with this effect.  I'm using it more then I thought I would when I first bought it.  The only thing I don't really care for is the stomp switch which is activated with more on a touch then a click.  Seems like it may be a weak point of the pedal but so far it's held up fine.
Perfect pedal. Easy to setup easy to use. It sounds great. Durable and strong. Not noisy at all really clean pedal for your board.
I'd bought this thing several years ago-forget where-as an alternative to the Electro-Harmonics Stone Phaser. The EH Stone is great, but a) couldn't afford it 2)the adapter input is proprietary, differnt than was on my Boss pedal board3)wasn't gigging out. So I figured, "What the heck?".I've had fun with it. With a wah and a proper guitar sound, one can easily emulate the Hendrixish-Univibe sound. Remeber, guitar, touch, pickups, signal, etc all play into that factor. Also its a 'Vintage Style', not a mid 80's mosquito tone killing device. Not a huge range here. No swooshing jet sounds. Just good 'ol wobble.I'll agree with the other guy here and say the durability is questionable, and the size of the thing is annoying by comparison to the standard pedal housing. And, it does make some noise in my chain. Lately have been trying different cables, adapters, and batteries.A tinkerer/hobbyist/modder may enjoy getting a sturdy pedal housing box and putting this things guts into it, and, getting a sturdy switch. Paint it all weird and call it a 'boutique pedal'.
