I have about quit using picks now.  But I needed a variety pack to try different thicknesses.  That's what you get with this.  From very thin and flexible to 0.8 and hard, you get a selection.
Perfect to try different sizes and shapes!! great quality. Buy it if you don't know which size or shape will work best for you.
Terrific way to tray out various picks without committing to a whole pack of something you might not end up liking.  And high praise for GO-DPS Music.  These guys had the product out the door the same day I ordered it, sent some great sale information on other gear, and included a catalog explaining the specs of all the picks I'd ordered.  I only spent 1.99 and I really felt like they went out of their way to earn more of my business - which they did!
Couldn't be happier than playing with a variety of picks - each one has a different feel and sound. The dura picks have more variety, there's only one in each thickness. The celluloid ones come two per size. As a pick, I liked using all of them, from the super floppy thinnest dura to the hard plastic thickest celluloid. Worth getting even if just to experiment - some of the picks were easier to use for certain songs than others, and the different thicknesses definitely have a different sound. Similar thickness picks of both material sounded the same but felt different to the fingers.
A fine inexpensive assortment of thicknesses for the beginning guitarist to choose from.A great deal for a nominal amount of money.
just what you see. A good variety of different picks. I got it for me and my dad. My dad plays guitar, and he likes the thinner onnes
Great price for 12 picks spanning from light - heavy.Picks are good quality and would recommend to anyone looking for picks.
After taking my guitar lessons...I never knew there were soooo many kinds of flexibility or thickness of picks for guitars. My instructor told me that I need a variety to see which one or two felt good in my strumming hand, and to see if I could pick out some melody's without too much problem. I realize the pick is not magical that it plays with out me doing the work, and I have been having fun trying all sorts of sizes, flexibilities, and strengths. Just go for the gusto and find what you like!
great value
If you are picky these are all eye candy... nice flexible, easy to hold and I received on time at a great price.
