They sound pretty good. They tend to get un tuned pretty easily the first few days then they stay in tune for ages with minor adjustments.
I guess the tension on these is more than my uke was used to and when I put them on the neck became severely bowed after a day or two. Sounded lovely for the first hour, that's why two stars. Granted my uke is one of the cheaper lanikais, if you have a better built uke it might be able to take these but I simply can't recommend personally.
Bright tone.  If you have a dead sounding ukulele, as is sometimes heard in laminate ukes, or you want added volume, the Aquila strings are second to none.  There are other wonderful strings (Fremont flouros, Worths, etc.), but Aquilas remain the pinnacle of affordability and enhanced sound.  If you own a less expensive ukulele (under $300) and it came with "no-name" factory strings, or strings known to be of lesser caliber than the Aquilas (strings such as Martin, GHS, etc.), please just try a set of Aquilas, and you will hear a major difference.  There are internet videos showing the painstaking process of making these Nylgut strings in an old factory, owned by a middle aged couple, in Italy.Winners.
The absolute best strings money can buy for a uke.  Installed on a cheapo soprano, they helped a lot, but they won't do magic.  Good luck.
I have a cheap soprano ukulele and it came with plastic strings?  I put Aquila strings on it and now it sounds so good. It is amazing what difference the strings can make. I have 3 ukuleles in different sizes and they all have Aquila strings. Highly recommended.
I only have a low-cost Mahala ukulele so I wasn't expecting much of an improvement when I replaced the stock Nylon strings, (after watching several Youtube videos showing me how to do it). I was wrong. These strings sound much better - the sound is much brighter and &#34;cleaner&#34; than the nylon strings my ukulele was supplied with when new. The Aquila strings took about 30 minutes of continuous playing and stretching until they settled and now they stay tuned for long periods. My ukulele now sounds wonderful for such a cheap instrument and is limited only by my clumsy fingers. I would definitely recommend these strings to any uke player looking to replace their stock nylon strings with something better.
A perfect sounding string!  The crisp ring these strings give is undeniable, they are the best you can get.  Your uke is going to come with crappy strings, change them to Aquilas!!
My first Kala Ukulele had these strings on it from the factory and I've never switched brands.  Everywhere you read, these are the strings to have!
What else can be said about Aquila? High priced Ukuleles have them standard for a reason, they are simply the best. Even if you have a very cheap ukulele, adding these strings can turn a toy uke into something that wont embarrass you. I use Aquila and Martin strings in my ukuleles, the Aquila for most performances, and the Martins for those songs that require a faster strum pattern or a more traditional &#34;Hawaiian&#34; sound, as the Aquilas are a tad heavier than Martin. Even if this if you only have one ukulele, and you won't for long, you can't go wrong with these strings.
As a guitar player, I recently (march 2013) started to play the uke.  I bought these strings to replace the set that came on the instrument.  These string play good and stay in tune pretty well.  I will buy again.
Best Ukulele strings I have found to date.  And I've been playing stringed instruments and uku's for quite a while now.  I like 'em.
I BOUGHT THESE FOR THE SOPRANO UKULELE I BOUGHT FOR MY LITTLE GREAT NIECE.  I DON'T NEED TO USE THEM MYSELF.  I ALSO HAVE THE SAME QUALITY STRINGS ON MY BARITONE UKULELE.  THE STRINGS ARE VERY GOOD. IF YOU HAVE A INEXPENSIVE UKULELE, THE USE OF THESE STRING SHOULD IMPROVE THE QUALITY OF THE TONE OF YOUR INSTRUMENT.  IF YOU ATTACH THE NEW STRINGS CAREFULLY, THE TIME FOR THEM TO SETTLE DOWN AND STAY IN TUNE SHOULD NOT TAKE VERY LONG..
Everywhere I go, anytime I hear 'ukulele', I also hear 'Aquila strings.'  I've tried several different uke strings for both my soprano and my concert ukes, and I've got to say, these are not my favorites.  I think the sound these strings produce are overly bright, a little squeaky and they don't seem to allow for smooth transitions from chord to chord in my opinion.  At least for the two ukes I have, these strings did nothing for their tone.  I much prefer the Martin Clear Flurocarbon strings!
Theres a reason why so many uke manufacturers supply these strings as standard on their best ukes...they are simply the best there is for a fair price. The sound brightens up and amplifies even the most dull sounding uke, and allows for a smooth experience once stretched properly. Not much more can be said about these awesome strings...stop reading this and order them! :-)
Worth every penny. Great sound and stays in tune. Will definitely make any uke sound great. I replaced the stock strings on a MAKALA DOLPHIN with these and it sounds like a more expensive uke. They are easier on the fingers and stay in tune much better than the cheap strings that came with the uke. Definitely would recommend these.
had no trouble putting them on or getting them in tune,  great addition to any uku bag, i would recommend them.
Fantastic sound -- just trust what everyone on here is saying -- if you buy these strings and slap em on a cheap ukulele, you will have bought yourself hundreds of hours of playing and fun!
