I usually play my Jazz Bass fingerstyle, but there are songs where I prefer a pick, especially when I need speed and accuracy. Until I found the hard Wedgie rubber pick, I used a heavy Fender pick, but didn't like the sharp pick sound very much.I bought a set of soft, medium and hard Wedgie picks to try out and I'm really happy with the results. I greatly prefer the soft Wedgie on the Uke, I like the medium on my nylon string guitar and the hard Wedgie's really nice for my Jazz Bass. I still use hard plastic picks for my electric and steel string acoustic guitars, but the Wedgie's are fantastic for when I need a more fingerlike sound on the other instruments. I prefer the 3.1mm wedgie picks since the 5mm picks feel a bit too thick for my tastes, but that's entirely subjective.I'd love to see a slightly larger version of the pick someday, but it still works very well for me.
not my style but they work ok. thought i would give them a try. shipping was quick and i know a lot of players that like them just not for me
Playing an acoustic ukulele with all nylon strings, I've preferred just to strum using my fingers because "traditional" plastic picks are just too harsh and loud.  Even felt picks are too harsh (not to mention the dust/shedding they do).The Wedgie is EXACTLY what I've been looking for. Harder than my thumb, softer than plastic or felt, the 3.1mm Hard Rubber Wedgie is the Goldilocks pick; right in the butter zone.I tried the "Soft" and "Medium" Wedgies, but both were just too soft.  The Soft Wedgie over-grabs the strings and winds up dragging and producing a dull tone.  The Medium is better, but is still too dull and the action is a bit too soft.But the Hard Wedgie is the clear winner.  I get great volume and tone without the harsh twang of plastic on nylon strings.The only negatives I've found are:1. They can leave skid marks on your pick guard.  No big deal, as it wipes right off.2. They break down faster than I'd like.  Of course, that could just be my expectations.Still, if you're looking a softer-than-plastic pick, this is the one to get. No pick noise, just strings. I couldn't be happier.
I bought one of each Soft, Medium and Hard Wedgie rubber picks and even though the colours were right, the Hard is as soft as the Soft. They felt exactly the same in fact. The Medium was the hardest out of the bunch.Packaging error? I have no idea. The fact that each stiffness only comes in one colour and the colours were right lead me to think something is wrong with the manufacturing. So check with what you get.Sound wise, the rubber really removes the treble on my acoustic guitar, making it sound really dull and muted.There is a lot more friction from the rubber on the strings that I do not think it is idea for strumming.The only reason I can think of using is if you want to reduce the noise but frankly, you would have much more control if you used your fingers instead.
I purchased these picks, because I play bass in an alternate punk metal band. We play drop tuning and playing with a plastic or nylon pick creates alot of noise. I was hoping that these picks would stop the pick noise. They don't make that annoying plastic to metal sound, but they are very flexible. I need to have alot of pick speed. These slow me down way to much. The other reviews I read stated that these were like rigid picks, but no they are not. Too bad as i had high hopes.Good picks if you don't have to tremolo pick, not very good if do have to.
I should have read the reviews carefully - it's definitely something different, but not sturdy at all, rubber bits come off as you strum, and there are complaints of skid marks on strings and fingers. Ouch! I'm much happier with my Friday the 13th glow-in-the-dark picks - that is an experiment that worked!And who cares about hard pick sounds anyway? If you want something that sounds like your fingers strumming, why don't you use&#8230; your fingers?
This is a fun pick.  I play a lot with my fingers and thumb and thought I'd give this a try.  Its great!  I love the tone of this pick striking strings.  I love the way it transmits the feel of the strings.  More organic than plastic picks.  Yes it might crumble on you if you play too hard.  I think if you play as hard with this pick as you would with your thumb you'll be fine.  Its a lot of fun and for such a little price can open your playing to different tones for your instrument.  Worth a try.
