Good strap, very comfortable and strong.
I searched on Amazon for a banjo strap and this came up. When I received the strap I realized it doesn't fit a banjo. I then looked at the description closely and found it says it's a guitar strap. Just to let you know, this is not a banjo strap  :)  I was able use it anyway on my guitar. It's not the best strap in the world, but it's not bad. I gave it four stars for that reason. I think it would wear quickly with lots of use.
Yes I would ,,buy is a great strap nice comfort nice priceFits nice in to my Fender guitar, a thumbs up
I bought this strap because I thought the pattern was awesome! The comfort is okay, I never wear it for more than a couple hours at a time. But... just the design man, go planet waves!
Like the strap and the design specially when is on the shoulder, thank you! highly recommend to everyone who play guitar
First of all this strap looks super cool. The Hootenany style is sweeeet! I have this on a cream colored strat(like) guitar and it looks great. The reason for only four stars is that the material is a bit thin, but hey, for this price I am not expecting a Levy's strap. All in all this is a great guitar strap. Throw some strap locks on it and away you go!!!
It works well for holding up a guitar, and it looks good doing it.  As long as you don't ask it to hold up a bass, you'll be fine (the price is hard to beat too).
My kid is happy with this strap for his guitar. He did have to widen the hole a bit in order to fit the strap over the peg on the bottom of his guitar, but ever since he got it on he's been very pleased. He especially likes the colors.
I'm happy enough with this, it looks okay and fits properly so what more could you ask for. Good deal.
It's very thin, all parts about it are kinda thin and cheap, but it works exactly as it should. Not bad if you just need to round out an order to get free shipping. Not for your favorite guitar though, more of a beginner's or a throw-away, 'gig' strap.
Sweet strap, nice colors, good quality.  Adjusts easily, nice quality leather hookups.  Don't forget your strap locks if you're planning to rock out :-)Looks great with my white Fender Jazz Bass Standard!
Does what a strap should- holds guitar fine and is built well for five bucks. I like the unique pattern on this thing too. Came in a timely manner, what else is there to say? Made in Canada.
It looks nice, it's really really long and it's made strong but you could also use it for slicing skin and maybe a whip. After throwing it into the washing machine 3x with lots of softener, rubbing it with lard, dirt and baby powder, then soaking it over night. It's finally soft and I could play naked without slicing off my head!  So buy it and prepare to really abuse it for a few days to soften it up!
This strap is pretty thin.  Not like some of the other for the same price that I have purchased on Amazon.  Still does its job, but we'll see how the quality is after a while,
The strap is of good quality and since its new it still feel stiff but I am happy that I got it.
The strap looks great.  Very cool design and looks good on my tele.  And all for 7 bucks w/ prime shipping.  So why only 3-stars?  This is my fourth strap purchase from Planet Waves.  I have grown to love Planet Waves' straps for their comfort and durability, and obviously the designs.  I thought that this strap was the same as my others only with a different design.  Mainly because at my local music shops, I have never seen/felt a Planet Waves strap that was NOT made out of their usual thick, soft, and durable material(whatever that might be) that I have grown to love.  This strap is VERY thin and brittle feeling, which makes it very uncomfortable to use.  This strap DOES slide easily on your shirt (which is what I prefer) but once it makes contact with your neck it is SHARP and it makes your neck sore and itchy.  Needless to say this strap is definitely not suited for playing without a shirt on, Ouch!  I have tried running it through the washing machine a few times with fabric softener along with using it constantly to try to get it broken in.  But it is still as sharp as it was out of the package.  Maybe with years and years of use it will finally soften up.  That is if it lasts that long.Overall what you need to know is that this strap is NOT the same as the other Planet Waves straps.  The material is very thin and brittle feeling; unlike the many other straps from Planet Waves.  If comfort is not important to you then get this strap.  The price can't be beat and will give your guitar that 70's look.  If I would have paid $20+ on this strap I would be furious.  But at only $7 this strap is still a steal.
This strap has a fantastic old-school look and vibe, and I've never had it slip off while playing.  The only downside is that it's a bit rough on any loose skin.  I could never play with this strap without a shirt and sometimes if it rides up I can feel it on my neck (but that is very rare and only if playing with a loose t-shirt).  For 99% of situations these strap rocks.
