First off this is a overdrive pedal with a MOSFET circuit engineered to sound like overdriven tube distortion. The pedal is very good at this. There are a lot of tones available but fully cranked through a large amp, this is on par with the warm tone of another EHX pedal, the Big Muff Fuzz. The tone function is kindof useless to me I like to keep it on, With the switch turned on the effect is a little too harsh. Don't let that keep you from checking this hot rod out. I love mine. Its a keeper.
This thing is amazing. Love the sound It produces.Well made, like a tank. Real quality.Expect to be using this without any problems for a long long time.
Tone is subjective and 3 stars means it just OK to me.  It does need a hot signal going in to sound good, so use a boost in front of it or hot pickups.  The distortion is fuzzy, but not fuzz, almost like a fuzzy static.  The EQ switch that removes the tone circuit causes the pedal to become really dark so I always have the tone in the circuit. I used it with a vintage Vibrolux Reverb. This is not my go to pedal or my go to second pedal.  I am still trying to figure out how to use it so it sounds good to me.  It is made well. For the money I am not mad I tried it.
The EXH Hot Tubes compact pedal offers a very unique sound and is difficult to review from an objective standpoint.  I had no knowledge of or experience with the original full-sized Hot Tubes pedal from the late 1970's.  And, frankly, many of the reviews I read online about both the original and the reissue were less than flattering.  I think part of that hatred comes from the fact that you have an analog pedal without actual tubes that claims (both in the name of the device and in the artwork on the casing) to sound like an overdriven tube amplifier.  Really, though, if you think about it, doesn't EVERY overdrive pedal (including the venerable Tubescreamer) make that same claim?When I plugged into the Hot Tubes, I was surprised, but immediately intrigued.  I actually ended up purchasing this over the excellent East River Drive, which was very good, but also a very &#34;familiar&#34; sounding clone of a TS-808.  What the Hot Tubes does is anything but &#34;familiar&#34; from an affordable OD pedal.This pedal has a significant amount of output, and (unlike many other overdrives) it has considerable low end.  In fact, it likely even adds bass to your sound.  There is a tone circuit bypass switch that I do not fully understand.  Basically, with the switch off, there is no tone control, and they advertise this sound as &#34;powerful&#34; and touch-responsive. Since the pedal trends to the darker side of things, however, I actually left it in the &#34;on&#34; position and worked the tone from the 12:00 to 1:30 settings.The gain structure is as bizarre as it is unique, though it actually starts to make sense if you think about how gain responds on an actual vintage tube amp.  From the 7:00 (0%) setting up to around 12:00, your tone basically remains clean, provided you started with a clean signal.  My setup was a Strat into a Fender Super Champ X2, which is a tube/hybrid amp with a great clean &#34;Blackface&#34; setting.  However, the Hot Tubes completely transforms that tone.  That setting on my amp is normally bright with some great upper end chime, but the Hot Tubes offered a thick, smokey tone that was mostly clean, with maybe a bit of muffled grit mixed into it.As you start get past 12:00 on the overdrive knob, the amount of gain increases exponentially.  At this point, the pedal behaves more like an overdrive, though the gain is almost fuzz-like.  Some people have described it as a &#34;Jack White&#34; type of sound, but I'll really leave it to individual users to decide if they &#34;like&#34; it or not.There are aspects of this pedal you could be objectively critical about.  First, I want to make clear that this is a DARK, bassy pedal.  In that respect, it is completely different from the EXH Soul Food and East River Drive, both of which have some measure of bass drop.  The tone circuit only helps to open up the tone a slight bit, but it could do more.  I do not believe this is the type of overdrive you would stack with - it might actually benefit from a brighter overdrive stacking INTO it.  If your rig is already on the dark or muffled side, you may want to stay away from this pedal.  That being said, I would definitely recommend &#34;try before buy&#34; with this one because it is different in hard-to-describe ways.For now, my rating is 5 stars - solid EHX construction, very compact, accessible 9V jack (on the top where it I like it), and a unique overdrive sound at an affordable price that doesn't sound at all like the other overdrives I have.  It certainly won't be for everybody, but so far, I like what I hear.
THIS is truly the bestest bangest for your buckest! I've tried dozens of od pedals in the past, (I hate this term) boutiques and non boutiques before I finally stick with SS/BS Mini OD as my always-on pedal cos that thing is a supersonic bad ass since it could cover my needs on clean boost, edge-of-breakup "clean" sound, distortion, or even a messed up broken speaker fuzz tonez.. only with your guitar volume knob! (please note that you'll need to have a treble bleed circuit to do this)Okay back to this EHX, I'm kinda tired of messing around with guitar volume knob on the mini so I bought this Hot Tubes as my "clean" breakup sound so that I could hit it hard with a cranked up Mini OD. And this, my friend.. JESUS APPROVED! The point is, this pedal's so great and has a great range of dirt.. also works awesome with your guitar vol knob as well for the gain range. It's literally like an overdrive coming from a tube amps. I can be really fussy about od pedals but this one is a keeper!PS: Look at the price.. do you really have to overthink on getting this pedal? Just get it, try it, and see if you like it, jeez! :-)
