Bought this with a mic and foam cover and stand and it all works perfect. Geat value for the money. My daughters use all of them every week. Will buy more in the future
It's great to have a few extra mic clips on hand and for the price, these are great.  They hold SM58/57 perfectly.  Not cheap or poorly made at all, a great value.
it holds a mic just fine. I just wish it had a little more &#34;give&#34; to it. still a great product for the price
Use it with an SM58 Shure mic in a studio type application. Holds up great, Mic does not slip. Upside down, sideways.
it does what's it's suppose to do... holds a mic, pretty much what you see is what you get... works very well.
This microphone clip becomes loose at the hinge very quickly, and needs to consistently be tightened. Too much of a hassle, really~
A classic mic clip -- simple, inexpensive and durable enough. Keep several spares in your kit; even the expensive ones break.
This is obviously a necessary item if you want to attach this to a microphone stand. It holds great and keeps the microphone snug into palce. However, The gap for the cable to fit through should be a bit bigger, as well as the tail-end of the grip; because if you have a certain kind of XLR adapter that is wider than the microphone, you won't be able to take the microphone out of the grip without disconnecting the XLR adapter first.
This is a simple, straight forward and worthy replacement mic clip for the standard Shure SM57/58 type mic. Well made, reasonably priced as with most On Stage stuff.
These are obviously designed for microphones with the Shure SM-57/58 series form factor. I use mine for the much heavierBlue Microphones enCORE 100 Studio-Grade Dynamic Performance Microphone, and this clip holds it right where I adjust it to.The threads in the base of the clip appear to be precision-machined. Mine effortlessly mate with anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Black, anOn Stage Stands 7701B Tripod Boom Microphone Standand aMusician's Gear Die-Cast Mic Stand Black, which are the only stands with which I've used this clip.Bear in mind that if you are using microphones that are designed with form factors that are different from the Shure SM (and PG and similar), or a different brand that uses that form factor, then this clip will probably not work. Also I cannot vouch for it as a clip for heavy touring, although for local bar gigs it should easily hold up, and at the price you can afford to purchase some spares (actually, you SHOULD do that.)I am personally pleased with mine and do not regret selecting this model. I have five or six on hand, including a few spares, and if I needed more clips, this is the one I would purchase.
What can I say it works...I think I could write a book here...not!...just a solid little mic holder. Glad I bought it.
These kind of clips can break. But if you're just a little bit careful not to push the microphone in too hard, it should last for a long long time.
I bought these mics to fit a shure mic and a GLS mic and it doesn't fit either.  A little too small.
I bought these to fit my two microphones - they snuggly hold Shure SM57 and SM58.  However, my two mics came with Shure clips (to my surprise).  These clips are 1/16 in. from front to back.  In comparison, the Shure clips are 1/4 in. to 1/8 in. from front to back.  So, the Shure clips are more sturdily built, but both seem to hold the mics well.
Very tight fit which is great for your stationary mic .It hold the mic with no concerns of the mic falling out. Great for back up singers .
Not sure there is much to say about a mic stand clip.Solid plastic. Brass threading. Adjustable pivot screw.I've always been pleased with On Stage products, even down to there cheap $3 clips.
Worked perfectly to use my Samson mic with a stand I purchased. Definitely would purchase again, solid quality build. Good purchase!
