For the money you cant beat this cable. Works with the new mic my daughter got for Christmas and nice quality cord. Will buy more in the future
Cheap and good.  Just what I needed.  No issues in over a year.  Must less expensive and just as good as others.
Good, flexible cable.  The connectors are well fitted.  Fast delivery and a good price. I've bought an additional two since my initial purchase.
I own several of these and general buy from GLS direct but I needed some quick and had other orders from Amazon so I got them hear at same price. GLS is great quality and durable. I use there 100', 30' and 25' cords and have never been disappointed!
Pretty simple, not much review needed for a cut and dry product like this.  Good quality XLR cable that works 100% fine.  I'm happy with this purchase.
Possibly the best quality mic cable I have come across to date in my hunt for reasonably priced cables and gear. For the working musician or home recording man this is great! Extremely high quality at this price point and are used by professionals all over Southern California and the nation!
I received my cables very fast. The xlr male & the xlr Female are well built.No humm so that is a plus.Thank You.
Good quality cord and connectors.  I had zero noise level using these cords.  Seem to be of a good value.
cords are cords but these are very nice, packaged great, good deal instant turnaround... easy, affordable, fast, why go out? Just go to Amazon. These guys did a super job getting them here fast.... they care about musicians.... we are a tough act to follow...right so look for accesories and cables/cords..etc...at orange County and Amazon...Thanks for caring guys...
This is my 3rd set of cables I ordered from Amazon. I needed a lengthy cable for my requirement so ordered this one. The finish  is not bad on the outer PVC layer and coated zinc alloy body. Works fine with my mixer. My previous set of cables ( totally 4 cables) , each one of them develop some kind of problem after few months exactly on the same spot. I guess the inner strings somehow gets broken and stops working. I would see how this goes and update the review. If this one also would result in same condition, I would look for something better. The only reason I ordered the same ones again and again was because of the pricing. They are not expensive to replace.
Some items of GLS work great, others are awful.  Don't trust the products anymore.  It's unfortunate but I don't feel safe with their products, that they'll perform when I need them to..
I received a pair of these two weeks ago and am happy with my purchase. They seem well put together and just feel nice. They also came with two Velcro ties each. With proper care I'm confident these cables will last a very long time.
I just did a quick mic test with this cable and everything sounded good.  It coils nicely and has good connectors.
this is a good quality cable and works just as I expected it to.  I like the extra cable 'clips' that came with it so I can keep it wrapped up untangled.
I always like to carry extra cable when performing, you don't know when one of the one you have breaks and you don't have extras what do you do then, it works and it's great to have extra.
I was sure glad that I ordered this cable as a backup. It gets the job done and seems durable for my needs.
Work perfectly with my guitar, good price. No problems with static, crackling, hum or other sound artifacts. Great for amateur vocal recording like me.
What we have here is an XLR male to XLR female black cable. If you're looking for some ridiculous review, this won't be one.Quick pros and cons.Pros1. It's a nice, thick cable.2. It's 25ft long as promised. I measured (not really).3. It worked (didn't arrive dead).ConsNone really.This seems like a nice, high quality cable. Are there better? I have no clue, I'm an amateur. I needed an XLR to go with my GLS ES-57 and this fit the bill. Plugged into my mixer, plugged into the mic, and transmitted proper audio from one to the other. That's really all it's designed to do thus, 5 stars!
This was a great addition to our studio here at [...] The price was great and quality was awesome. Highly recommend
GLS cables are quality cables at a good price. I suppose you could spend more, and still be happy, but why not spend less if it works as well? Then spend your savings on something else! I've been happy with all of GLS products so far.
I ordered these as my first mic cords for a pair of dynamic mics I recently bought. They are very flexible, easy to handle, and of good quality. Even though the jacket material is flexible, it seems strong, and I have no fear of it tearing. The ends are sturdy metal, and they include a pair of velcro straps to keep the unused length (if any) under control. I am very satisfied with these cords, and would highly recommend them.
I bought this audio cable and all I gotta say is that this thing can last and it will not give you any trouble. Good stuff!
These cables seem to be better quality than Nady or some other cheap brands I've seen. They work great for me. I'll wait and see how they hold up in the log run. Fingers crossed.I haven't had any problems with them at all so far.
Needed an XLR cable for a gig and ordered one of these the week before...it got the job done, my bass sounded great through the PA, and the crowd loved the band. Home run!
I am president of the International Press Association a global organization of photographers, videographers and journalists.  We have been teaching our members to convert from shooting stills to videos on their DSLR cameras. I needed this cord and a shorter one for an important assignment on a cruise ship and these guys came through in time for me to use both cords.  You can see them in use at our online publication IMPress in this article and video.  Thanks guys will be shopping with you again.[...]
When you're looking into a quality cable you wouldn't expect to find such quality for this price range. The construction is solid, well insulated cording, and having done some test recording with it I will definitely be purchasing more of these as the studio expands.While there may be more expensive cables out there I feel that for the price you are getting something of a higher quality than you would expect. Didn't notice any defects and no static/noise-bleed despite being around lots of other audio equipment, monitors, etc. Even touring or in a mobile studio application I wouldn't be worried about this cable failing or noise bleed.Only regret is not picking up a few more at this price, but I'm sure to order more for future expansion.Not worried at all about using this cable as part of my signal chain and was relieved to have it shipped out and arrive in a timely manner.Quality product, quality vendor.
works great, appears to be well made, good connectors, twenty five foot allows a great deal of movement, good value
This is actually quite good, no problems after 2 seasons of work, and the neutrik knock-off connectors plug into devices well. The funny thing is they don't connect that easily to each other, like you might do for storage or to extend a cable run, but a little finagling will get them to mate. I'm not one to cheap out on a lot of things, but some cable prices are kinda ridiculous nowadays. I'm not saying there isn't a place for high quality cables, but If you have jobs were you don't need cables made of pure spun 100% angel's pubic hair, these will get the job done.
Good quality cable. I have other cables around it and was unsure about its shielding, but have never noticed any feedback or hissing. Seems like it works just as described.Good delivery time, too.
Purchased this cord to help set up mic for some band recording at home.  The cable is great because it's long enough to allow us to move our mic where we need it.  I got this item much quicker than I expected.  The shipping was fast and the product was in perfect condition.  Seller is A+ in my book.  If we need more of this type of equipment would certainly buy from them again.
These come with two Velcro straps to hold the cable in a bundle, which is convenient.  I use this for a microphone, and it seems to be solidly-built.  If I need more, I'll probably buy this again.
So I went for budget pricing without going to the absolute cheapest.Using for audio acquisition for film / video purpose.Pleasantly surprised at the construction quality of this cable, considering it's made in China; We'll see how they hold up over time.So far, clean sound using a shotgun mic straight into a Zoom H4 recorder.My only gripe is that the rubber grommet between the metal connector and cable was obviously not put on straight during manufacture, and will not go on all the way. (on the female side) Probably one few out of many, let's hope.It's those small attention to details that worry me about stuff made in china.Overall though, a great value for a quality cable.
