I put these in my Ibanez EW acoustic-electric as a cosmetic upgrade and the tone and sustain is absolutely amazing, not to mention they look fantastic. They fit like they were made for this bridge but rubbed a bit of pine tar in the holes with a q-tip to make sure they seated fully. Absolutely tickled with the look and performance. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND
I automatically put these on any guitar I own as soon as I buy it, I change strings and toss those white plastic pins.  Makes any guitar look so much classier!  I swear there is a slight increase in the richness of the tone too!  Phenominal value,  tons of bang for the buck  They look SOOOO good on there...  Installed easily in 3 different guitars so far.
I hadn't thought about it before buying these bridge pins, but metal pins apparently add a bit of brilliance to the tone of my Alvarez-Yairi guitar, so it's a great bonus!  I bought them because my original plastic bridge pins were snapping and I didn't like the plastic ones available at a local music store. I'm very happy I bought them!
Adds a little sustain and they look sharp, but not gaudy, put them on my Martin D-35, Epiphone AJ 220SCE and Washburn Travel Series RO10TR ,,,, nice.
These look great on my guitar. I was hoping these would help make my guitar sound brighter but defiantly didn't. I would recommend these they look great. The ones I got look almost exactly as the ones in the picture.
I use these pins on some of my 3/4 size guitars. Not really sure if I can notice a difference in sound between these, plastic, or ebony pins that I have but they are attractive and certainly appear to be different.
I put these on my "campfire acoustic" Black Yamaha F335 and they look stunning. The tone seems slightly brighter, however, I go through strings pretty fast so a lot of the difference I am hearing is admittedly likely a result of going from dead strings to new strings. Since they are replacing plastic pins I am going to skip scientific analysis and give you a subjective "sounds good".These pins are a little thin (small) so they may slide out of the hole easier than the ones they are replacing. If you need to this should be remedied handily by applying a small amount of tape to the pins. This may not be necessary, however, even if they are slightly loose because the pins when used correctly are not a wedge to keep the string in the hole. The string should go all the way through the hole, into the body of the guitar. Insert the string so that you are sure the ball is inside the body at least a few inches, if possible it should be listing toward the neck. Then insert the pin with the slot facing the neck and push it in firmly. Unless you have really thick strings these slots should be ample for this. Then gently pull the string tight making sure that the ball does not grab the end of the pin. Instead it should be up against the body of the guitar and stopped from escaping back up the hole by the pin. The pin itself should not really be holding it in place all on its own. Usually the pins popping out are because the ball is actually hooked onto the end of the pin and is pulling it up out of the hole. If you avoid this you should also avoid the frustrating mishap of having the pin come flying out and poking you in the eye while you're trying to get your guitar in tune (typically ruining a brand new string in the process). If you can get your hand inside the guitar and feel the ball end of the string you should be able to feel how it it sitting against the body (correctly) or hanging on the pin (incorrectly). Also your tone and tuning stability will be improved by making sure you have a proper string installation.These fit my guitar snugly but not tightly, however I do not have problems with them popping out despite the fact that I do a lot of string bending a whole step or more (sometimes using two fingers' strength to bend that far). Overall I am quite pleased with these.
Impressed with this set, I installed them today and have been playing for a few hours. My wife thinks my guitar looks better now, and I agree. Im not sure if they are supposed to be flush, and they stick out just a little bit but they have not popped out. I think my guitars tone has improved a little too, but I also installed new strings. Qualtiy is way better then the plastic pins!
These pins are amazing. One u never have to worry about breaking them. They look really nice and they do add noticeable sustain. Very cool.
