This works better than the QK10B model by the same company.  Slim and easy to install though longer than the QK10B.  Since the cut out and button are on only one side of the two parts, you might have to rotate a mic boom, etc., to achieve a proper position after connecting the two parts.  My use was for an IPad clamp attached to a mic stand.  It worked well and I put two of these in place so the stand could break down for packing in a gear bag.  This unit wiggles a little but not as much as the QK10B so the little bit of movement is acceptable.  This looks to be well built and should be reliable. The long haul will be the test.
This is just what the doctor ordered. I bought three and am purchasing 3 more. All of these units threaded nicely into all of my stands and microphone holders. If I switch one mic to another stand, it could not be easier, just a press of a little button. With different shock mounts on different mics, I don't have to worry about re-threading the mounts each time I change mic stands. The time it saves is also invaluable. No problem with quality control on the 3 I now have, and I have no complaint with the build. Great for the studio, where I use mine, would think It would be clumsy for a performer who takes a mic on and off a stand, use a clip for that.Addendum:I love these so much, I have bought one for each mic in my locker, and each stand. That's a total of 12. None of them have failed after almost a years worth of use, the best invention for a mic since the shock mount. These will save you time, guaranteed!
I swear by these quick release clips. I can't imagine working without them. I save so much time each time I use a quick release clip instead of unscrewing and re-screwing the original clips. These are a great way to to mix and match multiple clips with multiple stands. The first items I purchased when I started my last job as an Audio Engineer was these. I've got no complaints. They work great every time.
I have used a variety of these types of adapters in the past, and these are an excellent newer version.  In this case I bought just one quick release to use for mounting a kick drum microphone that has the stand adapter permanently attached to the microphone.  With this quick release installed on the stand and the microphone, the kick drum microphone now mounts to the stand in mere seconds and stays in place very well.I don't quite know why the locking ring is silver on an adapter that is black everywhere else, but at least the ring is good quality and the threads are clean and precise.
If you are a mobile DJ that needs to put a mic clip on a mic stand for each event then you should get one of these.  It saves me 5 minutes per event (setup and break down) just by not having to put the mic clip on and off each event.
These great little accessories are a nice convenience.  The allow a singer to remove the mic from the stand without the normal loud pop from removing it from a wireless clip.  This particular model adds a feature that locks the microphone in the desired position (older models would swivel without much effort).  Bought 6 to replace to older models I had on stage.  They've worked out great: the mics all stay in position when popped on the straight stands, no spinning.  Copasetic.
