Don't know why quality instruments don't come with bone nuts but these are a very inexpensive improvement.  The next time you change your strings, check and see if your current nut is plastic.  If so, have a few of these on hand and re[place that nut.  You will hear the difference and they don't wear out like plastic.Just make certain you get the height correct so your action isn't too high.  Rule of thumb, grind just a bit at a time and keep checking for correct height.  You can always remove more material but you can't put it back on...This is a quick, easy improvement.  I have bone on all of my guitars.
I liked the string spacing on these nuts. You ~could~ just drop it in and play but you will soon realize it will need some refinement. My open B and E strings, with somewhat aggressive picking, would buzz like a sitar. This was corrected by filing the slots with a back angle towards the tuners. Some additional filing will be needed to remove the sharp edges. The base of this bone nut does NOT have a radius. So if your nut slot is radiused, you will need to have it done or you will have poor sustain and possibly crack the nut in half at string tension. This is more common in vintage guitars, though.My guitar's sustain was definitely improved with this nut. I highly recommend it!
With a little sanding, this fit my Fender American Strat perfectly. Great sound that only a bone nut can produce. My strings stay in tune even better with this installed. Very nice value!
I've just replaced the original, plastic nut on my new Squier Strat guitar with this one.I had to file it down slightly to fit the slot and set the string height that I wanted but this was simple to do using a single flat metal nail file.I was shocked at how much 'brighter' the guitar sounded with only this single change!Even my wife who claims to have a tin ear, commented on how much clearer it now sounds.Also, the shipping time warning was a bit over exaggerated. My piece arrived in a week (thank you very much!).For the low price, I think this will improve the sound of your guitar (safely) more than any other upgrade.
For the price I can hardly complain, but unfortunately the item was not the correct size for a Fender Strat replacement. Checked it Against my American Standard, MIM Strat and Squier and it would not fit any of them. Should have just used one of my dog's chew bones and cut it myself, would have been more accurate.
