I bought this as for practice. I have a $180 amp, but was looking for something a little more portable. This is what I came to.It has great distortion, the effect is pretty awesome too! The lead cuts clean; &#34;mostly&#34;. In general is does tend to get a little noisy though. However. For the price, this is probably one of the best steals ever. Like I said, I have a &#34;sort-of&#34; name brand amp that is estimated at around $180. I can safely say that the sound quality of this item is about as good as the amp. Until I can afford a REALLY good amp, this will be my primary one; and really I have no problem with that.Pros:-Cheap Price-Fair sound quality-Nifty Built-in Effect-Can plug into AUX letting you play with musicCons:-Cheap ITEM quality-Distortion can get &#34;messy&#34;-Not very versatile...Metal ONLY.I hope it never breaks.
Amazing! I plugged this little gadget into my Strat, put on my headphones and wow I was super surprised! The sound is amazing. You can adjust the amount of gain and volume to fine tune your sound whether your playing through humbuckers or single coils. I love the sound I get on either my Strat or Les Paul. Best of all you can practice as loud as you like without bothering anybody. I plug this little monster into my compressor and from the compressor to the guitar and the sound is amazing. I really like the sound and the fact that it is totally portable and independent of power (runs on two AAA batteries). The digital delay effect is activated independently, (same little switch just one extra click) which is fine, but you can't adjust the speed or mix. That's OK though because the factory setting works just fine if you want a touch of delay. All in all, I highly recommend this Vox AmPlug Lead Guitar Headphone Amp for its sound and price. One small con, its made of plastic and seems a bit fragile.
For what it does and how I use it, this is the hot setup!  Great for a quick practice and really sounds nice.  Wide overdrive and tone range.  The delay feature is basically a simple slap-back echo (I'd much rather have a chorus in there) but for price and the sound I'm quite pleased.
works very well.  I have to of them.  each does a little different thing,  they are great for traveling, or late night need to play stuff, when the rest of the family has no interest in your desire to get better.  the sound, effects, etc., are adequate and are good as you need without the real amplication.
I have to say I was pretty skeptical about how this would sound but I was shocked at the sounds I could get.It took just too a few seconds to dial in the tone I wanted and off we went.For the money and ease of practicing at anytime with a great tone  is worth twice as much.As far as durability I have had in a month used it 10 times, so far so good.I did purchase the protection plan for $10 so I'm covered for 2 years.
I was a bit disappointed in this gadget.  It just doesn't have the quality sound that I expected from the material written about it.  I've had much better luck with a simple interface between my guitar and iPhone or iPad.  That arrangement isn't as compact as this Vox product, but the sound is much more pleasing.
