I had purchased a Peak violin stand but wasn't thrilled with the height of the violin bow holder -- the tip of the bow dangled just a bit too close to the floor for my comfort.  This, being designed to hold either a violin or a viola, allows more height and I feel that the bow is safer.  Additionally, this stand allows my violin to be placed on it with the shoulder rest in place while the Peak stand was less secure unless I removed the shoulder rest.  So this stand is more versatile for a performing situation and for days at home when I want to have my violin handy and ready to play as time allows.Warning -- do not use any violin stand at all if you have a cat or dog which can come into the room where the violin is resting on the stand.  The stand does have a lock to help keep the violin on the stand but it would be very easy to knock the whole thing over if a dog or cat were in a playful energetic mood.
I could not expect a better violin stand. It is very robust, versatile, good looking and not very expensive. Highly recommended.
My wife plays the fiddle and the mandolin and this stand works great for both of them. It even has a bow holder and it is easy to pack and transport.
I've two of these stands. On one of them, the base part of the tubing has lost its tack weld. If you carefully separate the pie slice shaped black foam from the base of the stand, you'll see that the base of the tubing is welded there. Mine lost its weld, so the tubing is not secure to the grey base - they separate - I was left holding the tubing while the grey base fell to the floor!UPDATE: 1/9/12 GLEN INGLES REFUSES TO REPLACE OR REPAIR THE STAND. BEWARE! ...and you should be aware that the stand is assembled in..............wait for it................China. That may explain why it failed, but Glen Ingles could have offered to replace it. I guess he doesn't want me to buy any more of his products, or refer others to his products. Well, that's his policy. That's okay, he's got competition, and I'll be purchasing from them instead.
This is a great stand for your violin or viola. I use it all the time and I feel that my violin is very safe in it at gigs.
