Never used this seller or site for this purpose before. Sat and went through everything and chose these strap locks. They fit perfectly  and I have used them on Strat, and a Levinson Blade, not forgeting my Ibenez. Easy, on time delivery, no hassle with either the quality or service. This seller is worth supporting. Thanks!!
A terribly easy install and good quality straplock.  I am pleased that they match my Telecaster.  Straplocks are a must for any electric guitar and these exceed that need.
Nice straplock system! Very easy to install as compared to other systems. The system is a secure locking system. This is my favorite locking system I have in my arsenal.
Love these things.I feel a little guilty because I put a pair on my Epiphone Les Paul plus top. I also have them on my Fender Marauder and now I can easily swap straps between guitars and I'm secure in the knowledge it's not going to land on my foot.Yeah you could put one of those plastic Dunlop pick looking things on a regular strap to keep it in place but these look and feel so much cooler. They use a quick connect of the kind found in natural gas, and compressed air connectors. Pull up on the locking ring, slide it on and release.
I have been using strap locks of all types for years. This new Fender Straplocks make installing them on the strap easy. I'm impressed with them. You will be too.
I bought these for my new Strat. They look great, they're easy to install, and they work very well.I like the release, it's performed by squeezing with your thumb over the "F" and with your finger on the the metal ring on the inside of the guitar strap. Hard to explain, but I prefer this to some of the pull-style strap locks I've seen in the past.The only down side is that they aren't as easy to install or uninstall from the strap as the locks that attach with a Hex-type nut. Make sure you have the strap set up at the correct length (for vintage-style leather straps) before you install the locks to avoid having to rework later.
My revised review (after about a year of use):The one thing I hated about these is that the screw that is suppose to hold the two pieces on the guitar strap together slowly backs its way out, so if you're not careful, your guitar will fall. It is now a habit of mine to tighten these two parts on the guitar strap, once every few days.My original review:Very easy to install; didn't require drilling. I have these installed on my stratocaster in minutes. Although it looks a little bit big and clunky, it's a small price to pay for stability. I probably will get another set, but may get the black ones instead of the silver because I think the black color may hide the "clunkyness" a little better. Overall, a very good product.
One of the ball bearings designed to catch and lock the side mounted to the strap dislodged, and my very expensive Fender Custom Shop Telecaster fell flat on the ground.
The best look and performance on a Fender guitar.  I've used the Schaller & Fender pinch top and found these to be the best performing, easiest to use, and best looking.  It does have a larger profile, but I find it flattering to the fender guitar form.  Easy to install and have never failed me.  I like that there are three pins to ensure a proper grip rather than one pin holding in in a channel like the Schaller & its clones. Outside of security (which I find greater with 3 pins) it all boils down to personal preference when it comes to strap locks.
These Fender Q/R knobs came in and looked Good on my Schecter.. I haven't had any Problems with them, They installed just Fine. I did have to put a Tooth pick in one of the Screw holes to tighten it up.
everything on a fender should be fender parts - these hold as good as dunlops and are easier to get off with sweaty fingers. these give me more comfort because they are locked on solid and requires a push then pull to come off. I get furious when my guitar comes off the strap so this stopped it and kept the fender mojo going.
I gave this strap lock a 4 star only because it is too large for me and is not interchangeable with all of my Schaller locks. It is a great lock and works fine, but is not for me.
