This pedal, used in conjunctions with a host of others on my board ('The Labyrinth'), does what it claims to do and more. It seriously boosts the instrument signal from my Tele at a mere 50% level setting and makes the subsequent MXR Distortion + pedal crackle with goodness and increased sustain. I've purchased a host of Behringer guitar pedals during the last year (used, I might add) and am happy with every single one of them. Don't let the cheap price fool ya. I've been using all manner of guitar pedals in my work since the 1970's - yes, I'm "old" -  and these stack up against anything similar that more expensive manufacturers have to offer. I'm just glad that I'm getting most of them for under $50 before the world figures out how reliable they are and Behringer jacks the price of everything. Oh yes, I use a OneSpot 9v multi-adapter to power everything, so I cannot comment on how quickly these pedals plow through batteries. GOOD STUFF!
thank u behringer!  your pedals really kick ass, this one is outstanding, and for the price can not get a better deal, highly recommended.
Every guitarist needs a volume pedal at some point in a gig. THe Behringer Preamplifier/Volume booster pedal is an inexpensive yet quality volume pedal that works great!
I got this several years ago, and I was pleasantly surprised by it, really was nice with my acoustic to raise some volume on my soundhole pickup before the direct box. I gave it to some one after I used it for a couple of years.
This pedal does exactly what it says it's supposed to. It boosts the guitars signal. It does it really well, with very little to no noise. The thing I like most is that it is not a "sledge hammer" type pedal or overdrive. The input signal is cleanly boosted. What you put into the input comes out the same only louder. It starts with no change in the signal and allows you to raise up the gain very slowly. It just gives the signal from your guitar a stronger output to whatever you are plugging into (amp, mixer, effects or pedal board). This pedal arrived at my door on a Friday afternoon so I took it to a gig that night without trying it first (something I don't normally do). The first two times I used this pedal were that night (Friday) and the next (Saturday). I thought it worked great for my needs. A few days later I read a review that said this pedal had a noticable hiss. Since I didn't remember hearing any, I got it out at home and plugged it into my amp (I have the same amp at home that I use live). When you activate it with the tone set flat on the pedal and the volume about 12:00, there is a very sight hiss (no noise when bypassed). For me it is a very minor hiss that in live situations with all the normal room noises I never heard at all. This may not be true for all amps and maybe some high gain input amps may handle this signal differently. I know for sure it is a lot quieter than almost any effects pedal I have ever owned and I have box full from 35 years of playing. I am using a Vox VT30 which is a modeling amp with lots of bulit in effects (delays, chorus, flanger, compressors etc.) These days I don't use any additional outboard effects (except a BBA Sonic Stomp that I never turn off) so siganl from my guitar hits my amps input very cleanly. If you use various guitars on gigs, this pedal is very useful. It allows me to quickly match the various guitar output levels and compensate for differences between humbuckers, single coils and piezo pick ups on an acoustic without having to adjust the amp controls. This is a great problem solver for any rig that needs to control the input level to the amp and it does it at a bare bones price.I have owned several Behringer pedals for live work and have some Behringer rack gear in my live audio rack and in my home studio. I gig reguarly once to twice a week faithfully. I have never broken or had a problem with any of my Behrinnger gear (including a pair of Behringer 12" powered speakers mixed with a pair of Mackie 15" powered mains). I don't intentionally abuse my gear but at 2:00 when your packing up s*** happens but so far my Behringer stuff has never let me down yet and I have had some it for many years. I also keep reading about people worrying about the hard plastic cases on Behringer pedals. Don't worry about it. They are sturdy enough. (Just watch out if you are changing the battery on a dark stage. The battery goes under the pedal switch and the spring that is under the foot switch will probbaly fall out if you are not careful. (To open the battery compartment/foot switch cover just use a pen or small phillips style jewelers screwdriver and push in the black pins on either side of the pedal.)
I purchased a budget passive soundhole pickup for a guitar I bring to a local open mic.To get any volume from it the sound guy had to boost the channel very high and the sound was still a bit thin.  I found the Behringer PB100 and after reviewing various posts about it as well as checking out the YouTube demos of the device I purchased it.  I used it for the past four weeks at the open mic and have been impressed with how it boosts the sound without effort.  I can add a bit of bass which makes the guitar finally sound as it should too.  This pedal makes the budget pickup sound like a much more expensive pickup now.
Item body is plastic rather than metal. This is to be expected at this price.  I would not call it "sturdy" but at least it's $25 instead of $125, and it works.  Professional musicians may not be impressed as there are some occasional noise issues (as I've found to be true with many Behringer products).  Nevertheless for what it is... it works reasonably well.Received this item in good time.  There's only one real dislike I have about the item:* The battery access is... goofy.  To access the battery one must take the foot pedal off by "inserting an ink pen into the hinges".  Two hinges, two hands... a tricky process at best.  Not the easiest battery access I've ever seen.  However to be fair, relatively minor issue and not insurmountable.  I became relatively skilled at it in short time.Initially the product didn't work.  All I could hear was static out of the amp and thought I had a defective unit.  But then I noticed the gain was turned up right out of the box.  Turned it down and the sound got much better.  Traced an additional problem to an old unshielded guitar cable; replaced that with a good one and sound smoothed out.This is a sensitive unit, with a wide gain and tone range.  It has excellent Bass and Treble tuners.  It did seem to be somewhat sensitive to movement noises so apparently there is no noise filter of any kind in the box.  Jiggling of guitar cords could cause static and cut-out.  That could be cord issues or box issues.  I'll experiment more later.It does have some hiss that is easily audible in a room environment.  Behringer seems to have a problem with hiss in their products, dunno why.  But once the sound comes out it's difficult to discern the hiss; it's not extremely loud or annoying... it's just there.Bottom line this is a cheap unit at a cheap price.  It does the job and should work fine for most instances where such a device would be needed (such as with passive pickup--non powered acoustic instruments).  I'd recommend it for those who need such a thing simply because of the relative ease of use (foot petal on-off switch) and the relative low cost.It's just so-so in my estimate, but in some cases so-so is good enough. : )
