In the past I've always just guessed at how tight to make each lug on my drums. This takes the guess work out of tuning your hides. Each setting doesn't correspond to any particular octave but once you get the sound you want at least you know all of the lugs on that hide are pretty close to the same torque. It's also easy to use.B
It can be confusing during the first time i used it. But it becomes more easier as you go to the next drum. Very handy and gets the job done quickly!!
I love the idea of this but I wish I had spent more for a better quality version. I had seen them used by others and chose this one but it is not well made. The number dial is not accurate and is loose so as you are using it you have to keep checking that it has not moved. It works but I'll probably end up getting a better one.
If you understand what this is for, I think it's a great idea. Maybe not a perfect tool but I believe it does what it is supposed to and does it well.Keeping in mind, I'm a guitar player who just bought a drum kit... My assumptions when using this are that drum tuning is &#34;relative&#34; meaning that 99% of drum pitch is established by ear, based on what you want each drum to sound like, unlike a stringed instrument which is tuned against an absolute reference frequency and each string has a distinct relation to the others.The concept with this torque key is that it assists you with applying equal tension on each of the tension rods therefore presumably having an equal tune all the way around the circumference of the head. It by no means will help you establish as specific pitch on any drum; it simply helps you achieve an even tension and &#8220;relative&#8221; pitch all around the head. The tension numbers on the torque key are for reference only, 2 is tighter than 1, 3 is tighter than 2... and so on. Yet these numbers are only relevant to each head; I find that you don't necessarily pick a number such as 2 and tune all the drums to that.The way I use this, right or wrong, is that I tune an approximate tune on any given head using the traditional method of tapping around the perimeter and tightening apposing rods as necessary until the pitch is the same all the way around and at an audible frequency that I like for the drum I&#8217;m tuning. Now theoretically you&#8217;re pretty well tuned anyway but this is when I grab my torque key and I set it to a number a bit lower than were I expect the torque is (this only comes from experience of using it a few times) then I check a tension rod and I increase the setting on the torque key until it no longer &#34;breaks over&#34;. Now, whatever number I'm on is the reference number for that drum. My process from here is to move around the head in the same crisscross pattern as you would tuning traditionally but I loosen each rod a bit first and then bring it back up to torque with the torque key. After this process, my drum head should both be at a pitch that I have chosen by ear and have equal pitch all around the drum head.I believe it is a common practice to use a slightly different tension on the bottom side head ether a little tighter or looser than the top side (typically a little lower pitch on the bottom?). Once you&#8217;ve tuned the top head, and you know what number you&#8217;ve used you can quickly tune the bottom by reducing or increasing a click or two on your torque key.Sure there are a few other variable that can come in to play like, did you seat the head adequately when installing it which in essence means did you apply some light pressure to the center of the head while drawing down the tension rods in small equal amounts in a crisscross pattern. Also, how are the rims of your shells, are they well machined and smooth? These may impact the ability for a torque based tune to work. How about your tension rods, are the threads clean, are they lubricated? Any variability in resistance of the threads on your torque rods will directly translate to pitch in that location. Again, I'm just a rookie and I may be off with some of these assumptions or they may have an essentially unmeasurable impact so take it for what it's worth.Once you find a tuning you like, you could write down what number it took to achieve the pitch you like on each head, that would make it easy to quickly get back to the same pitch if/when your drums need to be tuned again.
i would use this again, the plastic around the ball scraped away and the ball flew out making it useless
I purchased this key on a whim.  When it arrived the instructions were not clear, but I sat the dial to #2, loosened all of the lugs on my floor tom and went around my lugs using opposing lug patterns, and tested the first cut of tuning. Too loose and deep, so I increased the setting to #3 and repeated.  Almost the sound I wanted, so I used a regular key and went an eighth turn using the same pattern.  Perfect.  I then started on the next largest tom, working back to the smallest.  Using the #3 setting plus an eighth turn I got my toms 1/2 octave apart.Next I worked on my snare drum, starting with the snare side, then the batter side. I used #4 on the batter side and #5 on the snare side, and managed to get the crisp, yet warm, sound I wanted. The bass drum came next - I set the batter side tension 1 notch below the resonant side and achieve a great tuning. From there I went back and set the resonant sides of each of my four toms one notch higher than the batter side and marveled at the perfect tuning I attained.This is an easy device to use - with the lever facing you move it to the left, loosen all of your lugs, then tighten each starting with one or two. When the lever clicks and moves to the right position you have reached the torque setting.  Test, increase a notch if necessary, and repeat until you get the sound you want. Set the resonant heads either one notch higher or lower to make sure the batter and resonant heads do not cancel each other (and to your desired sound), and you will have a perfectly tuned set.I'll never go back to tuning by ear!  You'll be amazed by the results if you tune with this key, and don't forget to write down your optimum settings.
