This little amp kicks major ass, dood. I think I may have blown the speaker or it's just how it sounds but it's great for a lo-fi kind of fuzz-e tone when the gain and levels are all the way up. The clean tone is really nice too, a little to bright for my taste, but for a mini-clip amp it's not too bad. I can take this plus my tele to my friends house and sit outside and just didtle away. Theres a headphon jack, a 9v power supply and that's in for plug ins, No line in so you can't plug you ipod or whatever to it and play along but oh well. If you have a big rig and you just want something small for like a camping trip with some friends this is pretty great.
the mini amp did not arrive with the battery as it was stated in literature. good thing I had purchased the 9volt power adapter. I was really surprised at the output considering how small the speaker size. ideal for kicking aound house and small partyof friends. should already come with 9volt adapter with along cord. it would be worth the increase in price to have it come altogether. would purchase again,
TheDanelectro Honeytone Mini Amp - Beatnik Burgundyis an easy way to get great sound from your electric guitar. The color of this unit is a soft burgundy (almost brick red in color). Paired with the Zero Hum AC Adaptor, it's a highly portable amp setup. "Ultra-portable" by using a 9V battery instead of the AC adaptor. I do think they are best purchased together to enjoy all the benefits of this rig though.A headphone jack on the amp means you can enjoy the amp's impressive sound quality without bothering the neighbors or waking your spouse.Included with the amp is an Owner's Manual with simple start-up instructions. You'll need to have your own cord (the one that goes from the guitar to the amp isn't provided as part of the amp package...). The manual has several control settings for the following sound tweaks:-Clean & Spanky-Warm Jazz-Big Amp Overdrive-Killer Blues-Distorted Rhythm-Thick Solo-Woodstock Fuzz-Send the Cats Under the Bed-Twang-Mondo Sustain-Brit Solo Tune-Sparkle Clean-Early 80's Clean Solo-Late 60's Neck Solo-70's Brit-70's SoloI paid under $20 for this amp and couldn't be happier with the product. Don't hesitate to pick one up for yourself.UPDATE: 7/19/12There is a space in the back of the unit for 1 9-volt batteryDuracell 9-V Alkaline Batteries, 4-Countor you can use the included AC adapter to power the amp.UPDATE: 9/19/12 Per reviewer Paul Stewart: "As a point of clarity - the current version of this item does NOT ship with an adapter nor cable. Be prepared to purchase these in tandem."  FYI...UPDATE: 11/17/13Almost 4 years ago I bought this item, and it's still going strong!  Great deal.UPDATE: 7/11/14YUP!  It's still kickin' along. Super buy on this mini-amp.
Look, it's a plastic box that's just 5.5&#34; square and 2.5&#34; deep, with a cheap three-inch speaker inside. It produces decent sound, although there's substantial background hiss and it has a nasty habit of picking up digital &#34;static&#34; from my computer. It's OK as a practice amp, but I certainly wouldn't want to perform with it. In short, it's only a small step above toy level, which is what you'd expect for a twenty-dollar amp. That doesn't mean it's not useful, but you need to be realistic about what you're getting here.
Brough this for trying "electric" feels on the acoustic guitar, and don't want to waste too much money on electric acoustic (preamp) guitar or big amp if I don't like the "eFeels". After researching awhile and reading tons of good reveiws of it, I decided to give it a try.  I didn't expect too much on $20 amp, but surprisingly, it positively gives me more than I ask for.  I also brough it with the adaptor, which is great to save $$ for long runs, and I don't have to worry about the battery for home practices.  It is adorable out of the box; it looks like a lovely toy, but it works professionally based on its 10w amp.  I don't care much about the manufactor's suggested modes, basically, I just fool around with the three button controls to whatever sounds I like in different songs on guitar / uke.  I like the small size that won't take too much space on my tiny room, it's cute to look at, and it is practical too!I had the high frequence of feedback as one of the reviwers when I used a poor pickup; however, when I changed to another one, I can turn the volume as high as I want with the same direction and setup as the previous poor pickup.  I almost thought that was an issue from the amp, luckily, I have two different pickups to try it deeply.  After using the better pickup, the amp doesn't have any issue yet.  I have used for few times, so I don't know about its longevity yet!One more thing about the headphone mode that is not completely silent because the guitar's sound itself won't be muted, but the headphone does mute the effected sounds from the amp; anyway, it's a great feature to have.
I own one of these amps and it is capable of everything from very clean to heavy over-drive. I love it. It's got tone galore! I play either a Martin A/E thru it or a Strat knock-off.  Either one sounds awesome.  Never dreamed of such an enjoyable little amp, let alone for $20. Battery life seems OK, but I hate messing with batteries, so I'd buy power supply (you can get a 9V supply (check for proper polarity) at the Thrift store for a buck).  Don't even think about it.  Get it.  $20 is pocket change.
This little amp is exactly what my son needed for his acoustic guitar's output while playing outside on the porch. The amp produces a much "bigger" sound with much better quality than expected. This does eat up 9v batteries so we also picked up an AC power adapter for when he uses this in the houses.We also like that this has a headphone jack, which cuts the sound to the speaker when plugged in.Highly Recommend!CFH
i knew it would be small but i wasn't thinking this small, ,it shore is cute,, good enough for now ,but not for the long-run,, shore its loud for the size but, it rattles when you turn it up and amps slides  from vibration,,if you keep it on lower sound its fine, this is only for temporary use for me. its an ok tiny mini little amp  (for it's size its good,) don't exspect a fender amp thats all,
For $20 you can't go wrong. Its a lot of fun to use this little amp for practice and it goes anywhere.
Based on other reviews, I made my purchase. This is a great unit, it sounds good and loud enough.Two downsides, both are about the noise.1. I live on the 4th floor. As long as I turn the volume up, it acts like a radio.. I mean very loud radio background and I couldn't get ride of it. This is the only thing that annoys me, but I think it depends on where people live.2. When this is not properly tuned, it sounds strange and makes a lot of noise. (Other than the radio part.)None of these are major issues, as a mini amp you can't really expect that much, not to mention it's not expensive at all. Overall I like it and I would recommend it.By the way, this unit comes with a 9V battery.
I got this when I was just learning how to play guitar.  I was using a borrowed First Act guitar without any amp and I wanted to see what kind of sounds I could make.  It was inexpensive and fun to use.  The sound quality isn't the greatest, but that's to be expected.  You can dial in quite a few different sounds and it comes with a sheet showing you how to make different sounds.  It's very light so make sure you set it on the floor because you will be pulling it over with the guitar cable.  I pulled it off the table a couple of times with no ill effects, but I wouldn't want to take any chances.
this is the perfect amp for bed practice! i just plug near to me and practice when i like to practice, no heavy amps to move just plug and chill , not a great sound but is for practice not for concerts!nice item good purchase
Bought this for my son. Its perfect for practice. Great portability. Has a nice clean sound, as well as a decent overdrive sound. Sounds great with an electric acoustic. Its surprisingly loud for a small amp. You can't beat the price. I highly recommend this!
Sounds a lot more than what you expect, this is my 2nd Honeytone (one at home, one at work).  You can use it with batteries or with a 9V adapter, it has a clip to hang it on your belt or wherever you want, it also has a headphones input.  It gets way to distorted at high volume, but come on... it's a $20 amp; it does what it has to and does it well.
This is a fun little practice amp about the size of a large sandwich. Three knobs, volume, tone and gain give it a little versatility. Runs forever on a nine-volt battery. I keep mine next to the couch so I can always plug in and have some fun. It's small but it can also be quite loud of you want it to be.Overall a great little deal for the price. Stop waiting and grab one, you can't go wrong.
It's not going to win any awards for sound quality, but it sure is cute.  As you might expect, it's a pretty boxy sounding little amp, more reminiscent of 60's portable transistor radios than a double stack Marshall.  But it did the two things I wanted it for.  First, it has a belt clip, which I can attach to my belt or a guitar strap.  Second, it has a headphone out, so I can plug in a set of ear buds (1/8&#34; stereo jack).  You can get it to a clean decent practice room level if you keep the drive control set at minimum.  Surprisingly, the Drive control works it's way in gradually, letting you control the distortion a bit with the guitar volume control. With the drive control cranked up, you can get the amp unexpectedly loud, but terribly distorted.  For something you can throw in your guitar gig bag and take with you wherever you go, it's not too bad.  With a set of earphones, I would put it on par with some of the more expensive amp-jacks that are available.  If you plan to use it as a practice amp and you're not moving about, I would recommend getting a power supply (will use the same ones as most effects pedals).  Battery life appears to be around 3~5 hours, but the performance starts degrading at about an hour's use.
I use this for a bass, and while I cannot get deep tones, it is great to take to the beachor play with my acoustic guitar friends.  Tip:  it sounds better if you don't cramp it all the way up - stop at 90%.
I wanted a portable small sized amp for using my electric guitar outdoors -- but was not really in a position to pay the big dollars for one of the high end brands. There is of course, very little bass response with this one and it is a tad tinny, but hey, it's just a 9 volt battery. I just wanted the guitar audible for practicing outside and this is a very neat little device. They put a lot of thought into this amp, and it is outstanding for the budget price. Keep in mind, you can patch another 9 volt powered device through this one to enhance it -- I will at some point run my Boss Digital Delay box through it to check that out. The belt clip on the back and triple adjustment dials are nice, and I got it in red as a change of pace, because I always get &#34;black&#34; with my equipment. It looks very nice and the vintage front design gives it a lot of character. Nice product, Danelectro.
I bought this amp as a back up for my 9 year old son and to take to the park... This is a nice little amp, it sounds prety good for the price. Just dont expect a booming base or grand sound from it.
I buy and sell electric guitars and often I meet with someone at a half-way point where access to electricity is unavailable. I was surprised at the volume and tone that came out of a unit so small.  There is even and overdrive which makes this totally cool as some of my customers want to schredd a little.  This is battery operated but can be plugged in using an adapter.  I bought a Planet Waves 9V Power adapter to go with the Honey Tone.  It might work in a Busker situation.
Don't get me wrong...this is a great little amp for practicing...but it eats batteries like they were candy. I think it was like 2 or three hours of playing and I had to throw in new batteries. But if playing on the street corner is your thing...this little amp has a belt clip.
Ok I've owned 2 of these Danelectro amps. For one they are cheap in price, loud in output, and can be used as external speakers when attached to computers via wired or with purchase of a cheap Bluetooth adapter from ebay or amazon. Recently I purchased this item on ebay for $10 - Bluetooth Audio Music Receiver V3.0 Wireless Stereo Adapter For Smart PhonesNow I can connect to my tablets, smartphones, and computers and use this amp as a great external Bluetooth speaker.  Plus the battery life is great. Try to buy a BT speaker on amazon with this wattage that's cordless and works from battery power, and you will spend well over $200.The included battery is worthless and dies in about 5 minutes. I installed a 550mah rechargeable 9v battery (ebay) and it lasts forever.Plus I can still use it as a lower quality jam amp when I want... for this price its hard to beat.
This micro amp is a real blast in more ways than one. And it is NOT a toy. Don't be misled by the price--this is a real amp based on stompbox electronics, and while it may not be a Marshall stack, it is more than adequate as a highly portable practice amp as well as a performance amp for small spaces. It is certainly loud hough to evoke complaints from my neighbors in adjoining apartments.I bought this amp for use durng harmonica practice. To this end, I use the belt clip to mount it on my hip. Then I just patch in my mike, twiddle the controls, and go to town. The tone has been fairly pure although, with a mike at least, I can also get some pops, crackles, and squeals. This is pretty typical for anyone amping a harp, so the Honey Tone is not at fault. In general, this amp is pretty forgiving of the input. I've used it with a high-impedance mike (Astatic JT-30), a low-impedance mike (Behringer XM8500), and electric guitar (Fender Stratocaster). It handles these without noticeable signal loss.What is this amp exactly? My guess is that Danelectric took the circuitry for its overdrive stompbox, added a 1-watt amplifier circuit, and put the whole shebang into a retro case. The result is quite appealing. And the overall look and feel is one of quality. The case is solid albeit plastic. The three controls (volume, tone, and overdrive), while not detented, have the smooth control that you tend to get on better components. The input 1/4-inch jack and the mini jack headphone output are all solid. Someone in Danelectric had a sense of humor in touting the unit's "leather" strap, though. It is more decorative than useful.If you can operate an overdrive stompbox, then you know how to work this amp. The volume control is obvious. The tone control alters the bass/treble mix (but not very significantly, in my opinion). The overdrive control adds fuzz and distortion (again, not to a great degree). The instructions describe 16 "sounds," but someone in Danelectric has a sense of humor. Otherwise, why label one setting "Send the cats under the bed." Ignore the instructions and set the controls to whatever sounds good to you.As I said, this is small but really not a toy. I've personally found it very useful in practicing blues harp because it's so easy to set up and so ridiculously portable. And when I decide that I'm good enough to panhandle in Penn Station, this baby is going with me.
I cant tell you how impressed i am with this mini amp, I was expecting some little amp with a somewhat of a sound, Instead I couldn't put it away, I must have played for at least a couple of hours in complete awe, The tones you were able to achieve with just a little knob adjustment was amazing,I would recommend this to anyone that needs a cheap amp, The 9v battery holds up well (which is surprising considering the drive you got off it)So spend the $20.00 and get something that is a real deal, I hope this helps with your decision about purchasing one
I wanted to like this. I really did. The idea of an amp this portable and cheap just made me think, &#34;Perfect&#34;. However, the unit I received was cr@p, and I'm going to assume it was defective and not blanket all the positive reviews with dispersions. The one I got kept cutting in and out. You might be playing a solo line and you might hear about 75% of the notes or something. And when holding a chord, the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds. Frustrating.I did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit. The so-so sound and overall quality however didn't compel me to give it another go. Bummer. Any suggestions for an amp of similar size and portability?Cheers
I've tried several &#34;portable amps&#34;.  For the price, the HoneyTone can't be beat.  It has volume, tone and overdrive knobs (the overdrive can go way too over, so easy on that one).  Comes with a battery but can be connected to a 9v adapter (important note: reverse polarity, negative central).  Interestingly I have found this amp seems to work significantly better with acoustic-electrics or piezo-based pickups better than magnetic pickups.  But for a small, portable, light-weight practice amp which one can hook to a belt and attach an earphone... they don't come much better.  It has a belt clip on the back but you'll have to supply your own earphones and 9v adapter if you want them.  Battery is included. Of course a guitar cable is a required extra.Well worth the money.
