the mat is only a few $ neoprene (kind of) mat, the neck holder thing is inserted in the tube that contain the mat... TAKE IT OUT very very carefully, I was only careful and the base of the neck holder broke a bit...In my opinion this thing if priced $15 or $20 less will be what it really worth on the market.P.S.The Wise Man Say:Do yourself a favor, use a long pillow over your desk to tune up/intonate your Strat or Tele and use this $$ to buy good strings! :D
It works! This guitar support couldn't be simpler. The neck rest is a molded plastic cup with that soft spongy material inside the neck support. The mat is a thick light weight foam mat (a bit like a yoga mat) with a hole cut in it. The neck support cup goes through that hole. That's it for set up. The mat protects the guitar body. The support cup holds the guitar at exactly the right angle to work on it, change strings, adjust the truss rod, work on the pickups, or clean the guitar. The guitar can be placed in strings up or down.This wouldn't be a difficult DIY project, but I'd be missing out on that cool Fender logo if I made this out of wood and a yoga mat. Honestly, this looks really sharp put together.The whole thing comes packaged in a clear plastic tube. That tube is an excellent storage tube.
This simple tool helps protect my guitar from scratches when I'm changing strings, or just cleaning it up.  It's a foam cushion with a neck supporter.  It rolls up together into a small and convenient plastic tube for storage.  Well worth it.
The description says it all but I was still wondering if I made the right choice because I was comparing the "Fender Accessories 099-0502-000 Guitar Tools" -what the heck kind of name is that anyway?!- with NO reviews to theJim Dunlop NC65  Formula 65 Neck Cradle Maintenance Stationthat had some pretty good reviews.Well, I cannot speak for the Dunlop but I can say that this kit is light weight, self-contained, has storage space in it, and it works if the guitar is face-up or face down.It also has pad to keep your guitar from sliding - and the pad keeps the neck rest in place so it does not topple over!  I do not see anything like that mentioned in the Dunlop NC65.On top of it, I think the neck rest & pad inGuitar Setup & Maintenance - Instructional Guitar DVD With Denny Rauenis this one turned over so the "Fender" logo is not showing...
This product makes changing strings on a guitar easy; a must for anyone with any type guitar. It is basically the same thing sold or made all the major brands of guitars. It holds the guitar secure while changing strings or making adjustments. It also is easy to store when finished.
Yes this product is simple and expensive enough to raise some eyebrows. But this tool is very well designed. It keeps the guitar from sliding and positions it at a nice angle for maintenance. In storage mode, the mat rolls up into the clear plastic tube and takes up very little space. The bottom cover doubles as a storage compartment for your hex wrenches, string winder, and feeler guages.But the real reason I give this product five stars is because it allows me to work on my guitars while keeping them in perfect condition. That increases their resale value, so the tool pays for itself. And it gives me a lot of pleasure to have the right tools for the job. With the right tools, I enjoy working on my guitars almost as much as playing them. While I hear what those complaining of the high cost are saying, I am used to paying higher prices for good tools and I think this qualifies as a good tool. I used it to put new pickups in and setup my Squier Stratocaster last night without damaging my guitar. Without this tool, I don't think I would have been so lucky.
If you own a guitar and just use this to change your strings it will be worth the investment. It protects your guitar from getting banged up and nicked up. Supports the neck and guitar body perfectly to perform work on the guitar.
This is a must have! Really! It is pack very well, and I use it everyday!Please get one of these if you are tried of paying someone to do your guitar setup.
Long wait for overpriced item.  Arrived on time but there was a 3 week wait. Overpriced but was expected as Fender name on product..
