USB Condenser mics and more specifically this one are great for doing Podcasts and for portability. The reason being is that they are condensers for one, and the other is that this mic has a built in interface. An interface is a glorified sound card with both a microphone preamp and (Analogue to digital, and digital to analogue) AD/DA converters. Of course most any standalone interface is going to give you way more desirable results than just plugging a microphone into the mic jack on your computer; way, way better. So this MXL Studio 24 USB even with the built in interface is going to give you quality far exceeding your computers potential. So instead of having to carry a separate interface around with you having this all in one MXL Studio 24 USB all you need is a laptop with a USB input and you.There are limitations though with a USB mic with the main one being that you can only record the microphone without being able to plug in any instruments. (Although you could record instruments using this microphone and that way be able to layer more tracks in your DAW.) Recording multiple tracks at the same time is not possible with this mic unless you are recording the same thing in multiple tracks.The really good thing about this mic is that you are getting some pretty decent quality for the money. So for anything that you need to do using a microphone as your one and only sound device it is ideal, quick, easy, and affordable.One of the problems with using it in Pro Tools, or any DAW is that you can only use one interface at a time. Since the mic has a built in interface you can't use any other. Even in Garage Band for MAC, although they have the ability to use more than one interface because you can toggle between the two but not be able to use two simultaneously. So in plain words if you are planning studio capabilities a USB mic is not what you need. I have a couple of MXL condenser mics that I bought for my studio. I have the MXL V57M which was their early offering but is no longer made and I have found the MXL V250 to be comparable to that one. Some other MXL's like the 990 are muddy in the bottom end. When bottom fishing for a good/decent condenser mic some of the CAD offerings are also top sellers.When using the MXL 24 USB in Win 7 no driver download is necessary. If your mic comes without the included CD you can download the free MXL Studio Control app which includes input controls for microphone gain and an adjustable high pass filter. It also has a nose gate with adjustable threshold. There are also output adjustments as well.One other thing that is unique about USB mics working with your PC is that they are dependent of course on your PC. So I had the hardest time trying to figure out what was wrong when I couldn't get the output from my PC or into the free Reaper DAW recording software (free 60 day trial) also downloadable from MXL. So I finally gave up after trying various input options etc and discovered through the troubleshooter in Windows 7 accessible via Control panel, and then "Sound" and then type "Troubleshooter" into the search box in the upper right corner. The answer was that my mic input volume inside of Windows was down to zero. I moved the slider up and bang it worked.So for sound quality you are getting decent quality for the price and it has a built in interface and even an output jack you can plug your headphones into; it's a mini jack like you have on your computer. So with just your laptop and this mic you are set for pod-casting, or any other function that requires only one microphone and no other channels. This mic comes with a desktop stand which is an indication of its intended purpose as opposed to a studio vocal or instrument mic.
This MXL Studio 24 USB Microphone is a decent choice for those needing a portable or a good quality studio microphone. We professionally produce instructional videos, both at our shop and at customer locations, and often need to voice over footage. This mic will replace theBlue Microphones Snowball USB Microphone (Textured White)we use in studio and also theMXL Mics MXL-STUDIO 1 USB Condenser Microphone, Cardioidwe had previously used for off-site recording.Pros -* Good Voice Quality; cleanly captures spoken voices* Good Physical Quality; this is beefy mic that feels very well made* Looks Professional; while not important to the functionality, it makes a good impression on our customers* Long USB Cord; allows for placement away from PC* Headphone Jack; "real time monitor", handy to listen to live recording and playback* Travels Well; includes a protective travel case that fits all of componentsCons -* No Pop-Filter Included; normally I wouldn't mention this but the instructions include a warning the condenser mics are susceptible to water damage (like from breath moisture) and a pop-filter is "essential". We boughtNady MPF-6 6-Inch Clamp On Microphone Pop Filter* Left Channel; only brings in audio on the left channel, had to compensate in my editing softwareMisc -* Since we do not do music recording of any type, I can't comment on the mic's performance in that area* Software; Studio Control GUI (downloadable) can be launched to control some of the finer functions of the microphone, but the interface is not intuitive and my editing software (Sony Vegas Pro) gives me better control for what we doThe MXL Studio 24 mic more than meets our needs (which may be different from yours).Recommended!CFH
I love my MXL 2010 microphone for its versatility, warmth in capturing the voice, and build quality. Most reviews I've read of MXL microphones have always emphasized it's clear and warm qualities it brings in our voices and instruments. The MXL Studio 24 aims at the consumer whom seeks a high quality condenser microphone without the usb interface. It keeps recording equipment minimal, literally connecting just through the usb cable. In short, the MXL Studio 24 has an excellent build (stand & microphone), easy to use software, and clear recording capabilities.Features:1) 22mm Condenser Capsule (not very big, but will suit most people)2) Cardioid pattern (I recommend also looking at microphones with figure 8 and omnidirectional patterns if those suit your needs better)3) Zero Latency monitoring (a bonus feature that not all condenser microphones have)4) Frequency response 20 Hz - 20 kHz (My MXL 2010 has a 30Hz - 20kHz. The 30hz merely means it can capture even more lowest lows)5) Output 1/8" headphone jack, USB audio6) High pass filter 120Hz, 235Hz, 465Hz (software controlled)7) Lightweight 340gThoughts- Very impressive build. It's built like a rock & has a very fine finish. The grill and the frame around the grill are solid. I was surprised at how heavy the base was. It has a flat cone shape and definitely keeps the microphone in place. It's not some cheap plastic.- The recording capability is parallel to my experience with myMXL 2010 Multi-pattern Studio Mic. The clarity and power isn't nearly as good as the MXL 2010, but is certainly close. Using an USB interface, a condenser microphone gets more power and you are able to tweak the settings a bit more. With USB, it's a bit more set for you, but that may suit some people perfectly. If you want minimal tweaks out of the box with some occasional tweaks later with the software, this is a solid option.- Easy to use. Plug it in via USB and you literally on your way. The software installation is optional. The microphone works without it. Windows 7 64 bit detected this microphone with no hiccups.SummaryThe MXL Studio 24 USB microphone is aimed at users whom seek higher quality recording with an excellent build. There are certainly cheaper USB condenser microphones, but not many compare to the build and durability of MXL products like this one. To me, the fairly luxurious price of the MXL 24 is justified with it's excellent build, clear recording, and the ease of use. If you're not too sure about getting this USB condenser microphone or any USB microphone for that matter, I recommend getting a condenser microphone (non-USB) and plugging that in via USB interface. If you need any guidance at all with that process, I'm more than willing to help out. Cheers
I occasionally give radio interviews and participate in telephone conference calls. I'm also toying with the idea of eventually doing a podcast and/or recording audiobooks. When I first opened this package I was struck how sturdy and professional-looking this microphone was. Even the case impressed me. The travel case is elegant and beautifully designed all by itself.The microphone was easy to put together and place on its stand. One thing I didn't like was having Reaper pushed on me. I've successfully used Audacity for years, and, even more important, it's a free program that does everything I ask of it. I installed Reaper and immediately disliked its interface. It also repeatedly yelled at me about how if I used it past 60 days it was going to make me pay for it. I didn't like its tone, so I uninstalled it. MXL really should reconsider its association with Reaper.I tested the Microphone on a phone call using Google Voice. Everyone I spoke with said the voice quality was superior to the cheaper mike I've been using. I also tested it with Audacity in recording my voice. Again, I was very happy with the results.The packaging materials said that I should have received a CD in the package. I looked everywhere but couldn't find it; apparently I need it for something called a custom Grahic User Interface (GUI). I emailed technical support ... and I'm still waiting to hear back. Not cool.So Reaper and customer service are definite negatives, but the equipment itself is outstanding.
This microphone only records in mono, and if you're unsure of what that means, it doesn't capture sound to it's full potential, and doesn't create a left/right feeling. All recordings sound like it is coming from just one direction, and though this is useful for some things such as podcasts, I wouldn't recommend it to a musician looking for great voice quality. It looks nice, and it would b e great for a Skype call, but it really wasn't what I was expecting when i opened the box up and tested it out. If you're looking for a mono microphone, this is however a very good mono microphone.
This is an intriguing idea for a microphone: a nice condenser with built-in monitoring.  A possible simple solution for the musician who really wants to keep a rig minimal.  It seemed to me that I should test it both as a microphone and as a USB IO device.  The very first appearance is impressive.  There's a nicely-compartmentalized carrying case.  Inside, there's a milled aluminum desk stand, a cable, a short manual and the microphone.  No shock mount. The mic looks good, but has almost no mass.  While this may not mean much, I own and have used lots of mics--none of them this lacking in heft.I set up a shootout in my studio. I have an acoustically-treated room with calibrated studio monitors, so I think I can do a fair test.  I kept it simple, using a steel string guitar played in several styles.  For a comparison mic, I used an AKG Perception 420.  This is a multipattern mic that's only a little more expensive; a cardiod-only version is exactly the same price as this MXL.  I used only the cardiod pattern, so I think it's a fair comparison on the basis of price.  To get to the point, the AKG beat the MXL in every way.  It was quieter, with a much better midrange.  A glance at the specs (online at MXL) shows a significant boost in higher frequencies, leading to about a 3dB rise at 8K or so.  The polar pattern is shown only in broadband (not at multiple frequencies) and it shows a dip at the 45-degree position.  These were things I could easily hear.So purely as a microphone, the MXL doesn't match up to other mics in its price range.  But that's not a complete comparison.  The MXL has a little headphone jack on the side so that the performer can listen with zero latency.  That's a plus that comes with a couple of big minuses.  The mic is vulnerable to cable scrapes and vibrations coming down the headphone cable--better make sure you hold still when you use it.  There's also a volume knob that appears to affect both listening and recording level.  This means that it's easy to inadvertently skew recording levels when you're mounting the mic or tweaking your listening level.There's also an optional software control panel (Mac and Windows) that goes with the mic.  It provides a noise gate and compressor as long as some basic controls for recording and monitoring.  I'm unlikely ever to use this dynamics processing; once done, it can't be undone.  I'd apply those after the fact when I've got plenty of time to dial them in.  This leaves the level controls--a place where MXL could have been more careful.  There's a microphone gain which works in conjunction with the thumbwheel on the mic itself.  It takes some doing to figure out which does what.  There's a highpass filter--tremendously useful when rumble is a problem.  But we don't know if this filter is in the analog or digital domain.  I hope it's analog, but there's nothing about it in the documentation.  Then there's the biggest problem.  There's a playback level control which allows your mix to play back through the mic's headphone jack.  But this also means that--depending on your DAW--it's easy to set up a feedback path.  You won't like that.The biggest question in my mind is "just who is this microphone for"?  A traditional mic can be connected to any preamp and used at any sample rate.  I have mics (both expensive and inexpensive) that I've had for years and years.  Only the preamp/interface changes.  This MXL is USB-only, 44/48 only.  You can't easily set up multiples of USB mics without clocking issues.  Most USB/FIrewire mic preamps have a zero-latency monitoring mode, so the mic doesn't really offer anything you can't get elsewhere.  In the end, I don't really think this is a good choice for any but the most casual of musicians.  To me, that milled aluminum desk mount holds the answer.  If you're a podcaster or a serious Skyper, then this mic deserves consideration.  It's a decent mic for spoken voice--the HF boost is helpful in bringing out articulation--and the single USB connection keeps your desk uncluttered.  Of course, there are plenty of other choices for that application.  But I think that's the best light to shine on this one.
