Does the job of removing dust from you records without harming it. The handle folds down when not in use to protect the bristles. Over all a nice product.
This brush is used to remove static electricity and light dust from records before each playing. This is not a deep cleaning, dust or dirt removal brush; it is a compliment to record cleaning solutions like this excellent liquid cleaner by Last (LAST PC Power Cleaner 3/4 Oz.).The brush is super simple to use, with the album on your turntable, hold it at roughly a ninety degree angle for about two revolutions, and then sweep it off the LP. No fuss, no muss, no fooling around. Never touch the carbon fiber with your fingers. When there is visible dust on the fibers, give the brush a good flick by rotating the handle across the fibers. After each use, rotate the handle around to cover the fibers. If you press the brush too hard against the album, or do the deep dive sharp angle trick, fibers will be broken off the brush. Just press lightly against the rotating LP, sweep the brush off the LP, and all will be wonderful with this brush.This brush is sold under many different brand names, ClearAudio, AudioQuest, and Thorens.The brush comes with no instructions for use, an odd omission. Maybe there is an assumption that the brush is so easy to use, instructions would be redundant.Audiophile or not, this brush is a must have for anyone that still loves analog recordings.
This is a great addition to any stereo system today, assuming you still use your turntable.  Two passes with this brush will clean up any of my records and get them ready for play, free of any annoying pops or clicks.  It won't save a dirty record, you'll have to buy a cleaning solution for that, but this brush will easily take care of dust, hair, and other particles that get attracted to your LPs during regular use.  As another reviewer suggested, I do the first pass with the brush going with the record, as if I was spreading out paint or something like that, and that gets most of the surface particulate free.  The second pass is with the brush going directly against the motion of the record, and this cleans out the dust from inside the grooves of the record.  After that, your record will sound brand new again!There are definitely more comprehensive cleaning and maintenance options, but none that are this easy and this cheap.
The version I picked came with a grounding wire, claiming that using the wire in conjunction with the brush would discharge all of the electrostatic-producing snap, crackles, and pops.  If you believe that, continue to do so, and maybe you'll imagine less surface noise than was the case before employing the device.  Speaking more pragmatically, I've found some use for the item only when loose, conspicuous debris has collected on the surface of a vinyl disc.
Seems to get a bit of dust up off the surface of the record, but frankly, the old Discwasher type with the fluid does a much better job.  Better yet is to clean your records well with warm water and dish soap (and a new paint brush), then rinse them well and dry with a clean micro fiber cloth.  Just try not to get the labels wet.
This is everything you need in a record brush.  The bristles are the perfect quality and softness to get all the dust that sits between the lines of the record. Highly recommended!
