Only used it a couple times so far but I like it. I like how it glides onto the strings of my acoustic guitar. As someone else mentioned it's hard to get the cloth back into the clear plastic bag inside the lid, though. But otherwise I think it's great. I like how it smells (does that make me strange?).
its really good i like the idea of covering all the strings width and easily applying but the point its dried fast
I tried this about 3 months ago. I use Fender 150L's and with it the longevity doubles. I play every day and gig one or two nights. They normally go dead in a week or less. I just did my 3rd weekend with the same set. I put it on when necessary on gig breaks. After practicing, I wipe down the strings first with a cloth and fretboard, then I put the Slick on. Next day, it's not so oily that it bothers me since I don't care for that oily feeling. I just ordered 2 more of these. Obviously, I think it a good product.Update about 2 years later: I won't do without these. They are part of my rig and I always have an extra at home in case it is time to change. They also last quite a long time, maybe 7 months.
Purchased this for my son who plays both Acoustic and Electric guitars. He's absolutely thrilled and loves this cleaner! Great buy, prompt shipping, great product!
Open cap, rub across strings a few times.  Basically, you're done.  If you want to take a lint free cloth and clean each string after one glide over, that works well too. Doesn't leave the strings oily or full of residue.  I will probably clean my guitar strings every time I play now!
It was great to get quality Christmas gifts that my son was pleased with. The budding musician in our home was glad to receive this item as we do not have a music store in our town. So thanks to Amazon for making this possible.
This was a precent decent product, I was able to use it to clean the strings on all my guitars and it worked well but the cloth that comes with it was really cheap so when you wipe down the strings, it starts to break down and leave a lot of lint behind and pieces of it get caught in the strings and frets.  Otherwise, besides that, the cleaner itself is great.  I just have to use another cloth to wipe it down afterwards and pick off the lint that gets caught in the strings and frets.
Is kind of good, i mean it does clean the strings and oils them a little bit, tending to sound better for more time and last longer.You just get sort of bored of forget to do it every time so I'm not sure if it was worth the purchase. But is a good product.Recommended
Using the string cleaner on a regular basis helps to prolong string life and keeps your guitar sounding bright and full. A repeat buy!
This really cleans your strings. It's fast with a couple of swipes and a lint free towel strings are clean. It comes with a little towel inside the cap but not very efficient, ok if you need it quick somewhere else. Not worth knocking it down for a little towel so I'm sticking with the 5 star!
I got this to help clean my strings after constant playing to help preserve them and keep them from having oils from my fingers cause them to fail.  Saves some money on replacements...I found another product that actually gets the top and bottom for a better cleaning of the strings so I like it better as far as the whole purpose of cleaning the strings.  I use this to apply my cleaner to the fingerboard now for a deeper cleaning.
I can't say much about this product.  I tried it twice.  It seemed like it kind of cleaned the strings, but I really didn't notice any great change.  The strings didn't sound betteer or brighter.  Now, it sits in my drawer and collects dust.  Maybe I will try it again at some point, but....
This is an even easier sting cleaner than the round tin cleaner that's been around. It's better because it cleans all 6 at once.
The Fender slick string cleaner works great when it is brand new. The great part about it is the design. The fact that it is wide enough to run along all six strings is a definite plus. The things I don't like about it is the top does not close tight enough and can come off during any kind of travel. Once the top is off or just not closed properly, the pad dries out and then it is useless. Also, the little cloth that comes with it is almost impossible to fit back inside the container once you have opened it. As stated it was really good at cleaning and was easy to use but I was only able to use it once because the top came off and it dried out. Unfortunately because of that I would not recommend this item. Go with the Fast Fret.
I agree with the others - I've been using Fast Fret for over 20 years (and Finger Ease spray for over 40), but I believe Slick is a better product.  I give it just 4 stars, though, due to its design. The wiping cloth that comes with Slick is meant to fit in a small plastic ziplock bag inside the cap, but it's difficult to get the cloth back inside the small bag, and it's bulky inside the cap, making it a little difficult to close with the cloth inside the cap. It would be easier to close if the cap side was deeper; the way it's designed now, the cap and the applicator are equally sized, when they needn't be. That's a small gripe, though - if I could give it 4-1/2 stars (with half a star off for the design), I would - it's great stuff.
Easy to use.  Wide enough to cover all six strings in one pass.  Little to no excess residue.  Handy to use package, pull the cover off, swipe the strings, put the cover back on.  I have not noticed any effect on the tone quality or sustain of my strings.
I requested and received one of these as a Christmas gift, then bought another so I could keep the first one at a weekend place where I keep a guitar. It works quickly and easily to swipe on the strings, and keeps strings clean and rust-free (important here in humid Florida) and strings last longer than they did before I started using this even though I've always wiped the strings with a soft cloth after each use.I keep my Slick string cleaner in a quart size ziploc-type bag because it's not airtight when you snap it together and I don't want it to dry out. I hope when it does dry out that I can just add some juice to rejuvenate it. I just don't know what kind of liquid to use. I don't want to drop $8 or so for a new one every time it dries out. Any ideas are welcome, please add a comment to this review if you can help me out.Bottom line, it extends the life of my strings and that's always good.
I honestly don't see the purpose.  It doesn't seem to have improved my experience with my strings on my guitar.  I've used it a few times, but don't see the benefit.Edit 5/30/13:After coming back to read the other reviews, it's obvious what happened:  This was shipped to me completely dry.  There was no grease/lubricant qualities.  It was like a dry erase pad.  They need to improve their quality control.  I'm changing my rating from 3 star to 1 star.  They HAVE to find a way to fully secure this gap or maybe consider enhanced vacuum sealing packaging.I would suggest if you receive this product and it hasn't dried out yet, to place this product in a air-tight ziplock bag to reduce the likelihood of this drying out.
This is the best string cleaner I have owned to date and I have owned about all of the rest. The way it is packaged makes it super easy to pop the lid and apply it. The casing is tough enough to be thrown into my gig bag and carried all over without the lid coming off or the case breaking. The 'other' string cleaner that is a bottle with cloth applicator spills out and the cloth wears out too fast - then leaves cloth pieces on the strings. This product does not waste the cleaning agent - it applies evenly and there is NO cloth residue left on the strings to pick off. The cleaning agency works so well - it looks like I have cleaned a BBQ grill when I wipe my strings down. Amazing how dirty the strings get after just a few hours of play - this product will get that gunk off. I am done looking for a better string cleaner because this product has the best cleaner in the best packaging for travel. Well done Fender!
