Overall this is a pretty good stand. It is sturdy and has good adjustable heights. A good value if you have lots of stuff you need to hang on it. I took one star off because the bottom part is kind of awkward fro holding up the guitar as the guitar strap peg is at the very bottom and is the only thing touching the bottom of the stand which make sit easy to fall and I've had it fall a number of times. I'm just thinking that they could of designed the bottom wider. Also the edges of my guitars are always touching as if there is not enough room for them on the stand.
I got mine and I gave it a try, here are the conclusions:1. It looks really good, sturdy and well made.2. Is super stable, I tried it out with: 2 Strats and a electro acoustic, then removed one  Strat and placed another acoustic (a 12 string this time). I pushed the stand and.... It holds. As guitar are hanging and they are secured on the top i believe is really difficult for a guitar/bass or whatever you put in there falls down.3. You can set the height, always considering that your guitars don't reach the floor.So....... Totally recommended!
Oh Man, My Guitars have a new home, love this stand, looks nice and works excellent, currently I have a Strat Style guitar a bass and a Epi Les Paul hanging on this baby, but even with just one guitar it holds up just fine, No unsteadiness, no wiggling, Big space saver, definitely a Good Pick, Great for home use or on the road, it folds up nicely, great padding on heads and body supports, 10 out of 10 on this one.
For me this stand is very well built, not hard to assemble pretty much a no brainer and a great price. They don't touch the floor. There are safety straps that hold my 3 acoustic guitars (Fender, Ibanez and my anybody's guess antique)in place without any difficulty, so I don't have to worry about knocking them off or over. It takes up very little space, the biggest plus!
Stringed instruments are best hung vertically, which this stand accomplishes beautifully.  Constructed of very durable material making this a wise investment.
Don't buy this Chinese piece of crap if you really need a three guitar stand. It is barely workable for two.It is easy to set up, but the way the neck brackets are arranged you are only going to get two guitars comfortably on it and even then guitars can still slip off the stand even when you tighten the little rubber thingies on top to hold the neck in place. And you absolutely  have to keep that tight or your guitar will at some point turn sideways and fall to the floor/ground.The best thing these stands are built for are V Type guitars such as my Jackson Rhoads as long as you can put them back to back. For Les Paul and Strat type axes, their rounded lower bout curvatures make them prone to slipping on the narrow, stick like feet of the stand, especially when they are new. You can't tilt the feet up to try to lend more stability to the way the guitars hang because the feet won't support enough weight to make that possible. So this thing utterly fails in its designation as a three guitar stand. If you just gotta buy something from On Stage, get the double hang because there is more separation between instruments and so it ends up being better balanced. But really, you should just pass entirely on either the triple hang or the double hang.This is definitely a case of one gets what one pays for.
