For the money, this karaoke mic does a decent job for any vocal use. Good to keep as a spare in the gig box.
i was truly surprised when i saw how nice it was, has weight to it ,and has good sound , looks nicely made,very good deal for the money,,can't go wrong,, (not a very cheep made microphone ,, MUCH BETTER THEN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ! ) its nice,
The only reason I give 4 stars is because I ordered 2 of these and 1 had the chord with it and one was missing the chord... I ordered both at the same time, other than that they are good hot mics...
We bought this Mic and a spare for our son's guitar amp set-up for his mixer. It seems to work fine, and comes with the Mic cord, We decided to go for the model with the on=off switch based on other reviews, and haven't yet been disappointed.
As a freelancer, I occasionally work with a band that plays the Midwest, performing on a near-weekly basis.  These are seasoned veterans who have no interest in gear per se and even less interest in brand cachet.  It's all about money to them.  I couldn't believe it when I first saw the group using these Nady mics (even lower-priced several years ago) and insisting they were as good as Shure SM-57's and 58's.  I still don't believe the quality of workmanship compares (any casual empirical test of build quality will prove as much).  But these Nady's handle the announcing, the vocals, and, when needed, the softer sounding instruments (flute, harmonica), and none has broken or quit on my watch.I'm a keyboardist, so mic power and fidelity don't affect me.  I'm only a trifle mortified when there are musicians in the audience who catch on to how cheap we are when it comes to the all-important "gear component."  At the same time, my embarrassment, I confess, is not unmixed with a bit of demonic glee.  After all, who's playing--and getting paid for it?
We bought this mic after seeing how our grandson was handling the mic that came with the karaoke machine thinking that mic would not last very long.  I hope it does because this nady sp-4c is a very impressive mic for the price.  We our using it with our Roland cm30 cube and plan to use it with a Roland micro cube also.  I would have given it 5 stars if the cord connection to the mic was not a little loose.
