I liked the features this recorder has BUT it is a chore to figure out how to use them all.It let me know that I am not a techy. For me not so easy to get beyond the basics. It does a nice clean job for the recording I have gotten done.
I debated between picking up this and the Zoom H4N and went with the Tascam &#8211; I just couldn't justify the extra $100 or so for the Zoom.  The unit is simple to use and the built-in microphones do a great job.  I picked it up because I wanted a portable unit that would let me use 1/8 inch, 1/4 inch, and XLR microphones with my DSLR, or capture great audio on its own.  This accomplishes all of that &#8211; although I need to use an adapter for 1/8 inch mics (for the 1/4 inch ports &#8211; there is no 1/8 inch mic port, which seems an odd omission.)The unit is almost entirely plastic, which can feel a bit inexpensive &#8211; I know that one selling point of the H4N is its sturdy construction.  Still, it seems well made and I think it's a fantastic recorder for the price.
I've only spent a few hours with it, but so far, it is fantastic. I wanted a simple grab and go recorder for songwriting sessions, jams rehearsals and gigs, but I also wanted the option of just capturing a line source (such as from the DI on my bass amp). Bingo. Toss in the Dual Mode, overdub, phantom power, ability to run off USB power, and it is a total winner in my book. When you select the recording format and encoding or resolution (WAV + bit and resolution, MP3 + bit rate, etc)- each setting indicates how much recording time you have for the inserted card. I also love that it uses full size SD cards (microSD can be used with an adapter of course)- they're much easier to label and keep track of than a bunch of pinky-nail sized micros. I'll update this review after I've had some more time with it.
I purchased the DR-40 for use in field recordings for found sounds and other sampling needs, and it accomplishes that very well.  The battery life is great, the user interface can be a little confusing at first but is very fluid once you get used to it, and the build quality is pretty solid.  My only issue is the internal mics, while crystal clear in terms of quality, can sometimes be lacking on the gain side of things.  In addition, they are VERY susceptible to wind, even if you just move the recorder while it is recording you will hear a rush of air.  I highly suggest picking up a wind screen at the same time and save yourself the trouble of having to make another delivery.
Wow, the capture quality of the internal mics is so bad it almost makes me cry, but plug in some real mics and voila- the DR-40 becomes something special.... But, I do not always want to carry around so much equpment, and was hoping for better internal mics.Honestly, my super cheap Olympus pocket recorder sounded better than this thing.And WHY is the line-out so darn noisy!? Must be defective. Oh well... Gonna, have to send this back.
allotoday went to the stores to TEST out the followingtascams...dr 05,  dr 07 mk2, and dr 40  and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for YOUR  ears...are....dr 05,  this is a good quality toy...NO line in...use its own mic, you will be ok  with this, for meetings, etc.NOT really that good for  music...can be done, but NOT as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...HIGH background HISS noise  relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was MUCH quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or LINE inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingLINE in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved  checking  sound QUALITY  of bit more seriousLIVE recordings...took output from our  zoom r 24 recorder  and  output to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting  CDs...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd,  vs...b / recorded dr40 printed to cd...the sound was Obviously better  with  a /no need to buy  any  a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious  Master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect  2 units of zoom r24,  NOT wanting to use computer software,  taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box,  and getting them downto  2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 MIGHT do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k

I bought this recorder to capture live audience audio for a live video project.  I can say that it worked amazingly well for this and did an excellent job at recording the bands without any distortion or excessive noise.  The recorder stores two files at the same time, one being a file at your chosen sensitivity and another safety track at a lower level in case there are any clipping issues with your main recording.  This accounts for quick transients or anything that might cause the recorder to overload and ensures that you will get a good take.The microphones can be folded out to extend the stereo field or in to tighten the field.  In addition, you can use external microphones or XLR inputs for professional-level input from the soundboard.  I found that the internal microphones did a wonderful job of reproducing the audience experience and I can't say enough good things about the performance.  This is an absolutely wonderful recorder.Bottom line: Highly recommended
I recently purchased this recorder and have compared it to my older M-Audio Microtrak II. The Tascam is a much newer design and shows good ergonomic improvement. The internal mics are adjustable, the interface is easy to use, the battery life is long and the batteries are common AA and easy to replace on location.I've not tested the external xlr mic preamps but have recorded with the internal mics with absolutely wonder results. The internal preamp is very quiet, the mics on acoustic grand piano are very dynamic, produce excellent detail and have what appears to be a very wide neutral frequency response. The recorder produces a very wide and deep soundstage and does outclass my older recorder in every aspect. To me the price is very reasonable and the build quality is reasonable for the price. Highly recommended.
