This is an iconic fuzz pedal.  Yes, Smashing Pumpkins used this pedal but Corgan also used a Fender Blender (which is similar to the Big Muff but has an octive thing going on too).  This is not a subtle pedal.  It's cuts through the mix well if you are running into a cleanish amp.  I find that it gets a little muddy if I run it into an amp that's already breaking up.  I can say the same thing about most fuzz pedals though.  This is not a wooly, splattery vintage tone like the Dunlop Fuzz Face.  It really has it's own thing going on.  It's not the kind of pedal that I keep on all the time, but it's a cool tool for the sonic toolbox.  If I had it to do all over again I would likely buy the Big Muff with the tone wicker switch.  It's about ten bucks more and has a little more tweekability.
i feel strange giving this classic only 3 stars.  but it's just not for me.  it's large and takes up space on my pedal board.  i prefer the little big muff
I have played through this for over 15 years and I will tell you right now, get a big amp. Get 2 amps and split the signal, even. You want to have the biggest amp you can when using this pedal. Otherwise it will come off sounding frail instead of "Frail and Bedazzled".Otherwise this pedal conjures up a beastly reference, and it should. I have been in a couple bands where I just plugged this into the amp and played my riffs. The free drinks and loose women followed shortly thereafter.If you're looking for stinging yet rumbly fuzz, this is the pedal you need. I only wish it went up to "11".
I owned this pedal for many years, before finally trading it in on some other equipment.  It produces one sound extremely well, but it only does that one thing.  The sound it does very well is the late 60's/early 70's fuzz sound: "White Room, Black Curtains"; "Satisfaction"; "Ina Gadda da Vida".  Note:  this pedal produces very good sustain, but has really bad attack.  As such, it will not really do the "Whole Lotta Love" sound.  As I said, it does one thing very well, but its range even with classic rock is quite limited.  If you plan to cover songs with that classic fuzz sound, this pedal gets you 100% of that sound.  If you want to also cover other classic rock, you're gonna need at least one more overdrive/distortion effect.
I cannot express how over sized this pedal is - it's ridiculously big and it's unnecessary.if you are lacking space on your pedal board u may want to look elsewhere or retrofit the insides into a smaller housing as i will do.Again - please be aware of the dimensions - this thing is soooooooooooooo hugeit sounds good though - though it does rob tone
It's noisy, but if you find out how to equalize the tone and volume, it works fine. I bought it cause Gilmour uses this effect but certainly the one he uses must be of a much more better quality product.
This pedal does exactly what my title suggests... it creates a huge walk of smooth rich fuzz... very smashing pumpkins feel to this. It doesn't do many different tones, but what it does it does very well! And frankly, once I find a good tone out of a pedal, I don't change it often anyhow! This is an amazing value, and a welcome party of my pedal boards. (P.S.: I have the Russian variant...)
