I think they did it right splitting the light and medium gauges. What resulted for me was the perfect gauge string. They almost sound as good as mediums but feature the playability of lights. I also think these strings last a decent amount of time, particularly if you wipe your strings after playing (which I need to get better at doing). Bottom line: I highly recommend these; they are the strings that I use and have been using for several years now.
I've always played on light gauge strings and really wanted more sound out of my guitar so I found these and just took a gamble on this medium/light set and I was not disappointed. There was an immediate notice in sound difference and also the playablility of my guitar became a little more challenging. They offer a very warm tone with very good balance overall throughout the strings. I've always liked Ernie Ball strings and these were a great starter set for me to upgrade to. Would recommend to any level of guitar player!
I had changed my strings with some new Martins I got recently. They were bloody awful! Luckily, I'd also picked up a package of these Ernie Ball strings. First of all, they were packaged better than the Martins, they went on more easily and after I tuned up, they sound SO much better! Thank you Ernie Ball, for making far superior strings. My guitar thanks you as well (grin).
i was pretty happy with them when i got them and finally used them and will likely pick up more once i need them.
I always LOVE THESE!Moreso because I am not getting ripped off by a Brick & Mortar shoppe for a tool of the trade.
This set of strings is fantastic. I've been playing for over ten years now, and have tried everything from Elixirs, to D'Addario, to Martin, to John Pearse (you see where I'm going with this?)and many more.I have to say that for the money, these strings are in a class of their own.  When I first started playing I loved the coated strings.  I wouldn't buy anything but Elixirs for years!  Then I got married and money became tight, and for $15 a pop, a set Elixirs wasn't looking as good as they used to.So I tried every other set of strings under the sun for about three years.I finally landed on these Earthwoods by Ernie Ball.  Amazing!They are not coated, but after a while I got used to that, and now actually prefer non-coated strings.These really do bring out the "earthy" tones of my dreadnought.  And the Medium Light set is just perfect!  Nice size high E string so I don't feel like I'm going to snap it when I do a pull off, and good bass response.All in all a fantastic set of strings that you can't afford not to try.And at $5, why wouldn't you give them a shot?
Have always liked  Ernie ball products,so I thought I would like to try their strings,to see how they work,I am very pleased !
I've used GHS medium bronze wound strings on my Martin D-18 for several years. I thought I'd give these Ernie Ball strings a shot after reading reviews. They are lighter than I expected. They are closer to "light" than medium. I'm not that impressed. They sound too bright and occasionally rattle on the frets. I think the next set I buy will be medium and probably GHS. You never know until you try.Update: I've gotten used to the 'sound' of these strings and I DO like that they are easier on the old fingers when playing. Pure Bluegrass players like to torture their fingers with heavier strings to get that mellow BG sound, though. ;) At my age I need all the help I can get, so I'll have to admit that I like do like these strings.
These just sound flat in comparison to Elixir Nanowebs and they don't feel as good either.I guess I just prefer coated acoustic strings.
I built a CBG recently and decided to go with these strings as suggested on several websites. The sound I get from the AD&G strings sound great wit the piezo pickup and a tube amp. The strings seem to hold up well. I cannot comment on how well they hold a tune because anyone who knows cigar box guitars knows that keeping them in tone with parts like round head bolts for a nut and an eye bolt for a bridge can be an uphill battle. These strings sound great, I was thinking of stringing my electric acoustic guitar with them also to compare the two styles of playing.
I use these strings on my gig guitar because the are light enough I can play a couple hours without shredding my fingers but they are big enough to give it a nice warm sound
I don't like the feel or sound of these strings.  I bought both the .010 and the .011 and they both hurt my fingers and sound like tin foil.  I would not buy these again
put them on my daughter's guitar, and she enjoys them.  anything would be an improvement over the dead strings that she was playing.i'll take ernies over martins, but not over d'addarios on my guitars though.
