It's a great strap. It's comfortable and you can wear it for hours. It looks good as while. I got it earlier then expected and I love it. I would definitely recommend it for anyone from beginner to pro.
this will work for just about everyone...but i prefer the walker williams brand...but these work fine easy to get strap locks on...will keep on the side for next guitar...you shouild be happy. enjoy
I am very impressed with the quality of this strap for how little I paid.  Nice soft flexible leather, and very adjustable.  I had to lengthen the slit one end to fit over the oversize strap attach fitting on my Fender acoustic electric, but other than that it fit perfect.
I was using a nylon strap before I got this one. I love the feel of this and the fact that its a little wider than my older strap. The leather feels very high quality and the end pieces fit snug on my acoustic guitar and I don't have that worry of it coming loose.
I bought five of these when they were being blown out for like $3 apiece, but even at the normal price they are a bargain.  They are comfortable when used for an extended period of time- even with a heavy Les Paul.  If you play an SG, these will help counter the dreaded 'neck dive' that you get when using a nylon strap with those guitars.  Incidentally, Amazon is selling these straps at about 1/3 the price you would pay at GC.  Highly recommended !
I can use this strap with either smooth or suede side on my shoulder.Actually I like the smooth side on my shoulder so it is easy to adjust position without pulling on my shirt.
Over the past couple of months I've been replacing guitar straps.  This one seemed ideal for an everyday all-around strap.  And, it would be, but the holes are too tight.  Really a major chore to get over a strap button.  I had to elongate the slits just to force on the strap.  I've probably bought dozens of straps over the past forty-plus years, and I never had this problem until the latest straps I've purchased--so this strap isn't the only one with which I've had an issue.  A tight-fitting strap isn't in itself a problem, except when one needs to take it off!  Yikes!  Otherwise, this is a nice strap.  Oh, I tried the strap on three guitars, just to be sure the first wasn't an anomaly.
Its a little stiff and I'm sure it will soften up upon more use. Cant beat the price! I used this on an acoustic bass and it is plenty long.
My go to strap, be it brown or black,Just plain tool leather, can't beat itTakes sweat and breaks in great, always well made.
When you need a no-nonsense leather strap that is not long, consider this. If you need something fancy, or want to sling your guitar low, or if you are a tall person, probably you want to skip this.I'm 5ft 8" and I'm already using the longest setting with my acoustic that has a strap button on the heel of the neck as well as the end pin, and it's not like I'm trying to hold my guitar particularly low. If you are a tall person, or if you want to mimic Jimmy Page's posture or something, this is not for you.Apart from that, I have to say that the cost performance of this thing is really impressive (it's more so if I believe the "made in Canada" sticker on it). Hard to beat it as far as leather straps go. At 2.5 inches wide, it's comfortable, one-ply leather is reasonably pliable yet seems to be thick enough, and the looks of it is not that bad either. Sure, there should be nicer/better product, but you cannot buy them for 12 bucks.The only complaint I have is that a sticker that left some sticky residue was on the back side of the strap. Though it was not a big deal to remove the residue using rubbing alcohol and some  elbow grease, it would have been nice if I was able to use it without any extra work without worrying about some gummy sticky thing rubbed on the guitar.
great leather strap  nice color well made strong and feels comfortable smooth, it wont dig in Ur shoulder like some other straps out there,,, and u can adjust it ,, i adjust mines and cut the unnecessary material,, can am lee and tall so i have no gut to have to need extra strap and i don't like to play low like to my knees, that looks trashy and cant shred cuz of the angle of ur wrist , so i use my strap waist height and looks cool proportional and  it gives me A great angle for my wrist , to be able to play fast and move up n down on the neck,,, so i say great buy,, i give it 5 stars.
My frist guitar strap I like it alot. Dose not cut in your shoulder or back. Will get aother one for 2nd guitar.
I thought I would not have a problem with the length of the strap but low and behold it was just a little too short.  I like my guitar hanging low and this strap doesn't cut it in that department.  Still, for the price I had to give it four stars.  You get a lot of high quality leather at a very good price, just wish it went a little longer.
Adjustments are easy to make and the fit/feel is fine. No fancy designs, but a great value for the price.
If you're looking for an inexpensive leather strap, this one will do nicely. Leather is supple, not hard, and it looks great with natural finish guitars. My only complaint is that it is difficult to attach at first (holes are smaller than usual, probably an anomaly). So for the price of polypropylene or cotton, you can upgrade to leather.
It's no frills.  It doesn't feel like quality leather to me.  The construction is pretty basic.  It is a very good value though.  It does seem like it can deal with some wear and tear.
