This Fender cable is the perfect length for me! Sometimes I find it a bit too long but I don't mind. The build quality is great and I know that it will last. The only gripe I have with this cable is that the metal sleeve gets unscrewed way too easily, requiring me to tighten it often.Sound quality is not affected, and the color is cool, definitely try this cable out.
wanted it just on looks alone...It is a nice looking cord... I know it will perform...as for Sam Ash ...this cord was packed in a mailer inside another box with my Roc n Soc... his shipping team do great work..never any complaints from me... I love Sam Ash.. thanks Amazon
I've been using these cables for more than 4 months and they are holding up pretty well.  For years I used seemingly indestructable guitar cables that were made for me by an electrician friend.  When they finally gave out, I got in the habit of using the no-name cables that are always on display near the register at Guitar Center- really more of an impulse buy than something I put any thought into.  After the third or fourth Guitar Center cable failed from light use I decided to try these cables.  Not only are they cheaper but they seem to be holding up better.  I am not terribly hard on my gear but my cables tend to get twisted as I move around and the cheaper ones  eventually fail mid-cable.  I don't mind spending a few extra dollars if the cable is a little more durable.  This cable is actually cheaper- $12 or so shipped- and it's holding up pretty well.  These are actually very reasonably priced for 18' cables.  There is some kind of limited life warantee on this product but I haven't needed it.  Five stars for a nicely made 18 foot guitar cable that costs $12 shipped!Incidentally- these cables are shielded and are meant to connect your instrument to your amp's input.  Do not use these to connect an amplifier to a speaker cab.  You want to use unshielded cables for that purpose.Edit-  More than 6 months has passed and this cable is functioning without any issues.  The price on these things has gone up significantly and although the cable is highly recommended, there are probably better values from Hosa, Monster or Planet Waves-
Fender cords look great and work just as well. By adding the word California to the description I'm sure to sound like the Beach Boys...
This is a cool looking cheap cable which works well. I bent one of the connectors pretty badly but that was my fault. One thing to consider with the cable is to tighten the connectors once in awhile. You'll be able to hear them rattle. It seems that the 'retro' look is screw on connectors over some black rubber, but other than that, the cable looks cool and works well.I also have the shorter red cable which goes with one of my guitars perfectly. I bought theses to use while practicing with others who use black cables. It's easier to plug into different amps without cutting someone out by accident. The green cable is good for that.
The Fender 18 Feet California Clear Instrument Cable - Lake Placid Blue  is a very good extra cord for a good price.
Very good cable. Well made and it looks great with my Candy Apple Red Tele. The reason I gave it only 4 stars is because it tends not to lay flat on the floor.
