i did pretty much almost hurt myself attaching this strap to my guitar...but all in all I will say it was weeeeellllll worth the effort! It looks and feels great on my Luna Butterfly...and I like the durability it seems like it will have. Pretty great strap overall and I am very very much pleased with my purchase!!! all smiles here :)
Very nice strap.  is comfortable as this type of strap can be..  it will with heavier guitars feel like its wearing on you after about an hour.  I ended up switching to their padded strap.  I still think this is a great strap and use it on a lighter guitar now.
Nicely made strong strap with colorful pattern. It fits my ovation quite snuggly, I bought some retainers, but found them unnecessary so far. I couldn't remove this strap if I wanted to, well I could but its just too much work. So it will stay where it belongs for a few years at least.The only thing I don't like about this strap is the edge of the strap is a bit abrasive on my bare neck. Not a problem in the cooler months when I'm prone to sweaters and such, but in the summer it takes a bit of getting used to. It's made of a canvassy cotton, so its strong, but its also a little rough. I'm going to try waxing the edge with canning wax or candle wax and see if that smooths it down a bit.It is a very nice strap and will last years. I like it almost as much as my 40 year old ACE strap, which is much softer due to 40 odd years of use and abuse by a multitude of musicians. But finding an old ACE for anything close to this price is a fools journey.Buy one, then keep your eyes out for a hootenanny. You'll be ready.....
I really like this strap.  I ended up ordering a total of three with different color schemes so I can have one on each guitar.  They're really comfortable.  They're much less bulky than most of the leather straps I've seen, so I can just keep them on the guitar in the case.I've had the original blue one I bought for about 3 years and it still looks and functions like new.
Bought as a gift for my son, and he's very pleased with it. What can you say? It's a guitar strap, it does the job, and looks good. And $20 for a Levy's Leather strap is a good deal. I got the gold, and it's good-looking without being garish.
I love my Levy's Jacquard Straps.  They are colourful.  I have purchase 2 to see how they were.  This one to match with my black Ovation 1861- Balladeer and another to match with my Ovation Maple top CC44.  I now have another one for my new Ovation 12 String CC245 just ordered this week from Amazon.The straps were chosen to match with the guitar colours and my wife thinks that they are awesome and will certainly be talked about by the ladies around when I play my guitars.They tightly fit around the guitar buttons and the shoulders.  I have no regrets with the purchases and I truly recommend those straps to anyone.
I just ordered three different guitar straps online. One for my daughter and at first a cheap one for myself. Then I found this and decided to get it. The $5 strap worked fine but it was scratchy and stiff. I got this and switched over. Ahhh this is a guitar strap! I see why you pay more. It is so soft and comfortable. It looks AMAZING! This is just a great product. I would highly recommend it to anyone and am proud to use it on my guitar. Thanks!
This strap is very thick and heavy, which give you a good secure feeling.  The heavy leather ends are difficult to get the buttons on the guitar through, but your know that they are not going to slip back out.The picture does not do it justice. I paired it with my black EPI LP and it looks phenomenal. I am very impressed with how nice this strap is.
There's not a whole lot one can say about a guitar strap, but I'll try. This one is sturdy and adjusts more easily than some I've tried. It's fairy thick and the material doesn't slip around on your shoulder easily. Aesthetically, the woven print is abslutely beautiful. The photo cannot do it justice. The colors and rich and vibrant and the weave is tight, not chintzy or frayed. I'm very pleased with the product and the price.
I have several of these straps in different colors and I've never been disappointed.  It holds my 11 pound Les Paul with no problems and the first one I bought has been through quite a few gigs and is still holding up strong.  If you like the design, go for it!
The look of this strap caught my eye, I have a light colored natural look to my acoustic guitar and the blue complements it really well. The design is colorful and elaborate without being overly loud. Strong build, sort of a double layered nylon strap, and nice thick leather for the ends(one end was actually pretty difficult to put on the guitar when still new, but it should be easier with some wear). Easy to adjust, comfortable. I think that with many things you get what you pay for, and this strap is definitely worth the added cost over the cheap kinds you can get.
This Levy's Jacquard strap is well made and comfortable. It was much cheaper here than any other place on-line or at a brick and mortar. Arrived quite quickly, but a tracking number would've been nice. Otherwise, no compaints.
