This stand, after I finally figured out how to attach it so that it didn't interfere with the boom on my mic stand, works okay.  Due to its heaviness, it does hold a good size amount of music;  however, it is short, width-wise, so you can't really get an open notebook to stay in place.  (at least not with the ,mic boom there).  Heavy to travel with also, so I don't know how much I'll use it.
The question was, &#34;Did it meet your expectations?&#34; and it certainly did.  It is heavy duty but also light.  Well, placed on a light duty cheapo stand it might be a little heavy but and basic quality stand will handle it no problem.  It really seems well engineered and made of quality material.
I use this small stand in my vocal isolation booth to hold the iPad that remotely controls my audio software via the Splashtop app. Very secure, effective clamp that connects to a vertical pipe. I covered with thin carpet to reduce reflection, and I find that it holds my iPad securely. I highly recommend.
I bought this stand after trying two others that didn't work well. This one is very adjustable and stays put. I use this in my home studio and I can place it so it comes up right under my mic boom just off to the side of microphone so when you are doing a vocal you don't have to look down or move you head away from the mic. I'll be buying two more.
I use this for my iPad.  I drilled bigger holes to lighten it up a bit. It's solid and works great, very adjustable... Good seller to...
I ordered two of these, one to hold music, and one to hold a netbook computer. I am very happy with how it performs in both situations. High quality, solid support, and good design decisions all around. The angle adjustment is very solid and it should be able to hold a very heavy book of music or a medium sized computer.The arm is just long enough that if turn the platform sideways, you can lean the music stand back next to the mic stand that it is attached to. I will try to add pictures when I get a chance.This is really two products that work together: a short boom arm with a mic attachment, and a narrow music stand that mounts onto a standard microphone thread base. I am using one stand attached to a mic stand, and a second with the arm removed, mounted directly onto a &#34;Gibraltar Multi-Mount Microphone Clamp&#34;. Major bonus points for making a solid piece of gear that is also modular and flexible.Note: the music stand easily detaches from the adjustable-angle part for storage. This is great, but be aware that the lock nut does not do a good job of &#34;locking&#34;, so if you turn the stand upside down, the it will fall off. This could be a problem if you experience frequent random gravity fluctuations.Final verdict: I own two, and am considering buying one of the full-width (MUS-ARM 2) models also.
I mounted this on top of my On Stage Tripod Mic stand to hold my small format mixer during gigs. Works great
