I wanted P-90 pickups. They do make noise kind of like an old album. Once you start playing you don't notice it though. Other than that the guitar stays tuned and is a blast for a beginner like me to bang around on. It looks really good!
I am still considering myself a beginner with the guitar.  I have learned a few songs, but I still am not that good enough to spend a huge amount of money on a guitar.  I wanted something that would sound nice and still be relatively cheap.  I had the Dean Electric Guitars in the past and a Fender Acoustic a while ago.  The Fender and the Dean's were very nice.  I thought the Dean's had a very nice sound to them and so did the Fender.  This guitar has a very nice sound to it as well.  I couldn't figure out the different tunings on it though.  It said Rhythm and Treble and then just regular in the middle.  I kept it on the regular because it sounded normal.  The other one's must be for some special type of music.  But this guitar sounded just as good if not better than the Dean's.  It is also very easy to hold unlike the Dean's I have found.  The Dean's also had warped necks which made some notes not playable and I have not found one on this guitar which is a plus.  But this is a very nice beginner's guitar if your just looking to get started.  I would stay away from those Fender knockoff's and stuff like that and get this guitar.  I also got the cheap Rogue amp to use with it and it sounds great, plenty loud enough if not too loud sometimes.  All in all, a very nice bargain.
I have owned this guitar for about 2 years now, and it still has a great sound and is very playable, especially for the money. It stays in tune very well even though the tuners do seem a little cheaper than Epiphones I've owned in the past... but hey, they work so why change them? The overall fit and finish of the guitar is excellent for the price point, and mine has the flat black finish which hides fingerprints very well. The neck is fast and smooth and great for quick playing. The single coil p90 style pickups on this guitar scream with their own beautiful raw sound, and were the reason I bought this guitar. Take note that p90's do make a humming sound when you're not playing, which can be remedied by turning down the volume knob. This is why humbucker style pickups were invented, but the compromise of a humbucker is you lose a lot of the bite and energy that p90's give you. It really has the sound of a higher dollar guitar. I currently play it through a Fender Vibro Champ tube amp and this combo really makes playing guitar fun. I recommend this guitar if you're on a budget like me, or even if you're not on a budget and want a p90 equipped guitar in your stable.
As a gigging musician and guitar player for over 25 years I am always in the hunt for something different. I love Fenders especially telecasters (I love the simplicity of two pickups, two knobs, and a p-up selector). I wanted something with P-90s and have been impressed with budget level guitars as of late. You can get a lot more for your money these days.I pulled the trigger on one of these Les Paul Special P-90 by Epi and have been really impressed. I actually bought it as a modification platform but as of yet, I can't really think of anything to change.Pros - Simple, TV yellow is great looking with wood grain showing through, Shorter scale has that familiar Les Paul feel. Sounds KILLER through my tube amps (Peavey Classic 30 and 50, Fender Blues Jr.), lightweight, stays in tune, cheap price (not afraid to take it out to a gig, not afraid to have it stolen, let my kids play it, etc.), comfortable neck profile.Cons - Cheap tuners (but stay in tune), cheap electronics (wiring), some frets are long and sharp (my high E string gets caught under the 14th/15th fret - I haven't filed it yet), messy job at nut and fret board.All in all, this is a great guitar for a great price. I still plan on modding it, but as it stands it is perfect with all its imperfections. My upgrades, if any, will be new pots, caps, wiring, nut, perhaps tuners. No need to replace these pickups. You get to a certain point of diminishing returns when modding a cheap guitar like this. At a certain point your cost of upgrades will exceed the cost of the instrument.As a bit of a guitar snob (love my US Fenders) this guitar is getting a lot of action. I say this one just may be a keeper.
Big disappointment. I've been so impressed by Epiphone's but this one didn't do it. Quality of manufacture and assembly great. Pickups far less than inspiring. Yes, it's a great platform but was so expecting those P90 sound. I may have received the one in a hundred lemons as so many have commented positively on it. Just didn't have the tone and bite I was expecting.I could certainly invest in some PUP's but I have too many great P90 guitars to bother. Roll of the dice I guess.
I have spent a good month with my new guitar, and I am impressed. The pickups don't suck, the potentiometers are surprisingly good, the tuners are not very good, but I can live with them. The fretwork was second to none, absolutely the best fretwork I've seen in a guitar under $500. The 60's neck profile is very fast and comfortable, and it's a satin finished neck and body (unfinished fretboard). It's also not a very heavy guitar (considering that it's a mahogany body and neck). My main issue with this guitar is that the wraparound bridge/tailpiece breaks wound strings easily. I have gone through 4 6th, and 2 5th strings in the single month I have owned this guitar. Upgrade it to something better. Your strings will thank you. Oh, and (this goes without saying) UPGRADE THE STOCK STRINGS!
