Dunlop slides are nice and smooth with rounded edges, they sound great, they're indestructable (so far) and they're supremely affordable.  I own a few of them.  I prefer a shorter one most of the time, but I use this one often, as well.Sure, you can spend more on a slide, but I see no reason to.
I bought this after mistakenly getting the same model in a size 8. This one actually fits, and works great one both my acoustic and electric.
Unfortunately I wasn't aware that slides come in all sizes and got a medium when I need the large. The medium fits over my pinky finger and while that's okay I prefered it fit over my index finger where I'd have more control.I cannot fault the slide for my foolish choice so I'll pass this onto my son or someone who can use it and get myself the larger Dunlop 212 Slide.
Dunlop always makes top-notch products, so when it came time to find a slide, I knew where to look. This one produces a great tone, and is well-made. Like the other reviewers mention here, you might want to invest in a slide case to prevent this thing from getting smashed to bits. For general home use though, I wouldn't worry about it too much though.
works well.  the glass is a much softer, more subtle sound than metal.  it works on my pinky finger.  would have to have a much larger one for my ring finger and I dont have particularly large hands.  Just don't drop one of these on you tile floor.  they explore quite nicely that way.  I keep mine in a protective case when I am not using it.
Don't know why I didn't buy this years ago. I had a metal slide for years but always like a glass slide sound tone more. I like Dunlop products... they are always good quality. Price with Amazon Prime is a good buy.
I thought my fingers were medium according to the sizing guide, but no, my fat fingers are not medium.
This Jim Dunlop 210 Dunlop Bottleneck Slide is basically a glass tube and so far seems pretty durable.  I will not get it to describing this specific product in detail because, well, its just a tube.  I think I already mentioned something about it being sturdy.A bottleneck slide is always nice to have one to replicate someone else's guitar sound or create your own.  Whether you get brass or glass is your preference.  Yes, they do have different tonal qualities, so you may want to try or buy both.Happy playing.  Cheers!~J
new to playing slide guitar  I have lots of fun with this one  it is fragile so care must be taken as to not drop it ... would buy more from this company
I originally purchased the large size and found it to be a bit too big, thus I wanted to try the medium. It's much smaller than the large, but it fits my fingers well (I'd say I have slightly fatter fingers than the average guy). The glass is pretty thin, so it is not as sturdy as the large, but I think it should last a while. As long as you don't drop it all the time, it should be ok. Definitely recommend this slide (especially for its price).
Very nice guitar slide. The glass is nice, slides very well on my electric and acoustic, and it fits like a mitten.
A must for every serious guitar player. This is one of the easiest to use slides that I have ever owned & I have been playing for about 45 years. I play mostly classic rock & this slide is a handy gadget to have in your guitar case.This holds up very well because I have a way of abusing a slide. Dunlop does it again.
I'm not much of a slide player but I figure every guitarist should at least OWN one of these. Just don't drop it on the floor like I did with the last one I had.
