Do not expect a studio quality out put from this unit. That said, for the price it is an excellent product. Obviously, if you are looking for a studio quality mic you would not be here. This product does what it supposed to do and exceeds your expectations. For a normal use this is quite good. Feels little tiny but excellent gain. I would buy it again if required.
I can't believe I'm giving a 5 star review to a Behringer product, but they got these right... I replaced a way-more expensive Audix condenser mic with these, and they actually sound pretty darned good. If I crunch one or if one breaks, I'll just get more at this price. I have other Behringer mics laying around, and they all kinda suck. These are totally fine.
These come with a stereo holding bar and adapter for mic stand.  They do need 48 V phanom power from your board or a mic amp.  I'm using a mic amp and these are the input to a paging system which I will review in more detail later.  The 48VDC comes from the mic processor then cancels feedback and sends the paging audio to my amplifier which I will review as a set.If you do stereo recording, you can't go wrong with these - their self noise level is so low it is below that of a human ear.  It sounds great, and setup outside with 140 dB of gain it really performs well hearing birds chirp from far away, rain drops comming down, and sounds you never would hear.Note:  NEVER get these wet - you must have a cover over them for outdoor use in the rain.You will need 2 XLR cables for full stereo recording with the transfer bar, but you already know that.
I use this pair of mics mostly to record a piano in XY configurationPros:-Price point-Sturdy, good construction-Included accessories (carrying case, clips, stereo bar)Cons:-Have to adjust the gain just right on a mixer preamp to avoid noise
These are condenser mics so you will need phantom power to make them work. I'm using them in our drum room, one is on hi-hat and one is on a small cymbal. They have a smooth un-hyped sound.The mics also come with a nice little plastic mounting bar so you can mount them in a stereo pair right out of the box. I have used them in an X-Y overhead position and they sounded quite good and very natural.Some of the other microphones in my kit cost upwards of $1200 each so I am aware of what &#34;expensive&#34; microphones sound like, these perform &#34;up there&#34; with the expensive mice while being bargain priced.Good music to all.
