This is the most awesome loop pedal ever!!! does the trick perfect, you can remove and add in elements to your loop! super small, only potential drawback is that it cannot be battery powered.
This looper distinguishes itself by really only doing one thing but doing it really really well at a very affordable price.  To record you simply press the button and the led will turn red, continue playing.  When done simply tap again and the LED goes to green and plays back.  At any time in the looping process if you want to overdub simply tap the button and record and tap to finish.  No need to line it up with the loop, it places your overdub exactly where you played it in the loop.  If you don't like the take a simple press and hold will erase the overdub. Want to stop and clear (two presses and press and hold) and your back to a clean slate.  I don't know the limit of overdubs but I haven't reached it.  The amount of time for the looping I believe is 5 min so you can record an entire song and overdub to your hearts content.  The tone preservation is excellent and haven't noticed any issues there.  You can get a nice variety if you put this at the end of your effects change so that you can record a rhythm that is dirty and crunchy and overdub and record, then turn off your distortion and overdub a very nice clean lead over it.  If I have something I like, I then output it to Sonar to play with some more.Pros- Small, very easy to use (1 level knob and a stomp button), designed by guitarists and it shows, true bypass and plenty of room for recording.Cons- You may consider lack of battery a con, I don't, everything goes on the effects rack and is powered through AC.  No drum track or click track but then again, the aim for this device was to keep is simple, I believe.UPDATE: I was having an issue with the looper one night being able to record but not hear myself.  I contacted support and their response was quick but they basically said it sounds like it is broken, replace at the store which I did.  It worked great then one night again, I couldn't hear myself recording.  I played for about an hour with different configurations, it seems not all 9V AC adapters are equal.  Out of the 4 I have it only liked 2.  When I used that adapter it seemed to work just fine.  So beware if you are having an issue you might want to look at the 9V AC Adapter.
Small footprint, simple to use, one button, one knob and does not suck tone out of my guitar. It's only got a basic feature set but that's all I need. Reasonable price too. Highly recommended.
This compact looper sits as the last effect in my effect loop. It doesn't take a lot of space on my pedal board and it's simple to use. I've used the Boss RC-20 and the Digitech Stereo Jam Man. Although the others have more features, I like this little pedal.It took a little time to get use to the one button operation, but I find this to be very reliable. I've owned mine since the day they came out and I have had no issues.
I can become VERY creative with this pedal and do a good many things in a great many settings.I have other musicians online who jam with me and I can really do more than a handful of things in showing them where I am going with a song.So many things I have developed.Great tool and good quality product.
Pros: works really well and is easy to use. The sound quality is excellent and bypass works fine, too. It is amazing how you can add layers upon layers without any loss of quality.Cons: it takes a bit to get accustomed to the timing, not lest because the switch is somewhat sticky and requires some extra effort, which has an impact on the timing. Also, the LED is placed too close to the switch, so you tend to cover it up with your foot. They should have put it higher up right next to the dial.Overall impression: The positive aspects completely outweigh the minor negatives. It's a great and inexpensive looper.
I bought this hoping it would be a no-frills looper and that's what I got.  It sounds great and the level adjustment works really well.  I can layer even as many as 10 or 12 layers and hear every one without problem.  I give this five stars, but I have two minor quibbles that in my mind don't take away from the rating but might be important to some:1) there is no included power supply.  If it doesn't take batteries, that's fine, but give me an adapter.  This thing was over a hundred dollars. Don't force me to buy an accessory just to power it up.2) Personally I wish there was an option to remove layers in the order they were added (not just removing the last layer, or all the layers).  I'd like to be able to build up a song with layer on top of layer- moving to a crescendo - and then back off the layers one at a time, eventually returning to a single layer.  I played a solo at church with this thing and the congregation loved it.  I started with one part, and then added layer after layer until I had a really big intricate sound.  It would have been nice to be able to then take it back down to a single part and then quietly end the song.This is a wonderful little looper.  You won't be disappointed.
WOW! If you want 5 minutes of no-nonsense, clean looping and overdubbing,...the tc electronics DITTO pedal will not disappoint! I have been exploring the fringes and outer limits of guitar FX for over 30 years and this one has, in just two days, become one of my Top Five 'Gotta Have' effects. It is so simple that a five year old could make great loops, and it add ZERO addition sound to your signal. Placed at the end of your pedalboard, which is easy to do because of the DITTO's tiny footprint, the possibilities for live stunts and grooves is mind-blowing. And you can't beat the price. I've uploaded a 5m workout that I recorded on my 2nd day using the DITTO if you'd like to hear it - a solo improvisation for Telecaster and reverb. [...]
Wow, for the size, this is amazing.  Plenty of time and does everything you want from a looper.  Nothing else to say it's great, if you're in the market for one, get it.
For performing I'd go with something a little higher quality replay and more features but for rehearsing lead lines and solos over your own rhythm playing this is a great little unit at a good price. Would definitely purchase it again.
TC just does things right.  I love how easy this is to use, the incredible clarity of sound, and 5 minutes of recording time.  I do a single, duo, and full band.  It goes with me to all gigs and I do use it for when I am practicing.  Highly recommended solution.
I've had a Jam Man for some time, which as a tech person, I've found incredibly difficult to figure out. Perhaps I didn't take the time...ANYWAYS... this pedal on the other hand is a 100% leap forward in the opposite direction. I didn't need instructions, just punched in, layed down a riff, and jammed for about 2 hours straight. I did this for two days in a row. It's simple, built well, and and fun to use. Can't recommend it enough. It will improve your playing, and should be a required tool for guitar players.
what a great little gizmo....I had a Boss RC-3 Looper,,,,,it involved too much bending over for me,,.and too hard to figure out...,the Ditto is so easy.,,,I take my trusty Fender Esquire...a cord...plug the chord in to a Caitlinbread Echorec pedal....take a short cable from the output of the Echo pedal to the input of the DIitto pedal.....then connect output of the Ditto to the amp....set Echo for multiple head repeats..i like the setting between 7 and 8 on the program select knob,,,,then turn OFF the echo pedal.....get ready to play....play the slow 4 chords to Maggot Brain....Eminor..D...Bminor...C.....count each chord as 123  456..as you come to start back on the Eminor,,,,,press the Ditto button one time with your foot,,,it will record you...,.play in tempo...!.,....its slow,,,,when you come back to the Eminor , you want to press the Ditto switch one time  to stop recording right before the 1 count,,,its tricky.,to make it play back smooth without loosing part of a beat,,...,.but easy with practice...anyway,....as soon as you press the Ditto switch to end the recording,,,,it will automatically start playing it back.,,then,....you turn on the Echo pedal....and proceed to jam on Maggot Brain.,,.,,till you achieve groovy-ness...,you don't want to record the rhythm part on to the  Ditto  with the Echo engaged,,,,that would make too much echo,,,,with both  the playback and the part you play on top of it, both echo drenched,,,,no good,,,,,that would be way too echo crazy..,it sounds much better and more effective  with a dry loop track and a super wet echo second guitar part,,,have fun...
Definitely the best looper I've come across. Lots of looping time; simple to use; unlimited overdubs.Really can't go wrong with the Ditto!
Perfect looper that is small enough to fit on anyone's pedal board.  Many complain about not being able to use it during a live performance because of the single foot switch and they are right.  Having to do everything with a single footswitch is a bit distracting.  The ditto is great for practice, though.
This looper is serious worth every cent I spent on it. Very simple, easy to use, and takes up less space on my pedal board than my Altoids tin. The sound quality is perfect, I can record a loop and play it back through this thing and it still sounds like I am playing instead of a recorded loop (assuming I end the loop correctly). I run this in my effects loop of my ac-30's after the preamp and all the distortion I run beforehand (big muff, od, boost) all get captured clearly coming out of this pedal. The range of the loop level is perfect, just over noon and you match the input signal and over that allows you to boost your loop for a little more dynamics.I chose those over the digitech jamman express xt and I have to say it was worth the extra money, even though the sales person was a little disappointed.If you want a simple loop this is the one, it takes a little learning but once you figure it out you will love it.
I've owned Loop Stations, DM-4s, Jam Mans, Samplers and all that jazz. They're all full of crap you dont need. This pedal has flawless, colorless sound quality. It records what you sound like. You click it on, record your riff, click it and listen to it loop. Tap twice to stop or tap twice and hold to start over. You can record up to five minutes with unlimited layers. Smallest, Cheapest, easiest to use and most straight forward loop pedal you will find. If you need all the drum loops and the ability to save loops for later use, then dont get this one, but if you just want a good way to jam with yourself or a live loop similar to the DM-4 but with more time on the loop then yes get this.
Amazon and TC Electronics will not tell you that you need a 9V Power Supply. I didn't see any warning or advise in the Point of Purchase, nor in the package. This is an unfair practice from Amazon and TC Electronics.
Let me start by saying that this is a really cool pedal, and TONS of fun. I can see how this could make you a better player and i think it could also be used live.BUT (and this is a big but) this is my first "one star" review ever...My first "less-than-5-star-review" ever...same as others, switch failed less than ten days of owning it. used less than ten times total, light use at home, I wasn't even wearing shoes! By the way, a gigging/recording musician for over 25 years so i am not a youngster that misuses my stuff. Bummer too GREAT idea....poorly executed.I will not buy anther one. I will not recommend to other musicians.
I always wanted a Boomerang III looper, which at almost $500 was not really a justifiable expense for me.  Then, I found this for about $100, and I immediately sprung for it.  This is a great practice tool.  All it does is make loops.  The learning curve is very low, and there's no limit to the number of loops you can layer other than the total 5-minute recording time.  There are no quirky timing issues to be found here; your own ability to keep time and rhythm will always dictate how good you are at making loops.  This does take some getting used to, but it makes you a much better musician in the process; your drummer and bassist will thank you.This could possibly even be used as a live performance tool, although you'd have to be very, very proficient with this tool and be playing very, very tightly in the pocket.  I personally am not a good enough musician to ever want to risk doing something like this, lest something go wrong on stage (and lest I subsequently find myself impaled on a drumstick).Students would be especially encouraged to get one of these.  My playing has definitely grown and improved since I finally broke down and bought a looper.
This is very simple to use and it records for 5 minutes....so that is awesome! The playback sound is very good quality.
I had previously owned it Digitech jam man, I also try the boss.After seeing demos of this item on YouTube I decided  I'll give it a try, I can always return it if I didn't like it.The unit is extremely small but don't let that fool you. This unit is a high-quality all metal construction it has simple easy operation and it works flawlessly. You get up to five minutes to record a loop for loops and you can get an infinite number of overdubs. Let's be serious how many people really Loop for over five minutes?The unit is transparent when turned off I would highly recommend this Looper it's well worth the money.
I'm a raw and green beginner who is about the slowest learner ever.am 43 almost 44 and have been learning since 42 almost 43. That being said using the looper was an eye opener. I bought it as a learning aide , to loop a progression and then try and run some pentatonics over the progression. The thing that opened my eyes is listening to the looped progression I played. There's no denying your mistakes when you hear them while not playing. Let's just say I'm not as close to being a player as I thought and I would &#34;not&#34; figured this out for quite some time if not for the looper. So it is an amazing critic for us beginners . And if your like me ( and you experienced guitarist ) you saw all the demos online and know what you as an experienced player can use it for. It's an incredibly easy to use piece of equipment , after playing around with it for about 5or 10 mins you'll have the gist of it. From what I understand it's very basic compared to other loopers , i dont know anything about that but if your looking for just a simple to use looper this will definitely be to your satisfaction.
This little simple looper sure is a ton of fun. Beware that there is a learning curve to looping. With trial and error you can get your groove going seamlessly after a while. I'm a little disappointed with the sound quality of the loop playback, could be better. I use this mainly with a double neck bass/guitar. Compliments well.
