I had some issues with my 18-watt all tube amp so I experimented and replaced all the tubes.  Issues not only continued but worsened.  Hum, noise, volume fade, unwanted distortion at low volumes.  I eventually put back the original El84s and that didn't help.  Once I removed the Tung-Sol 12AX7 preamp tubes and replaced, the hum stopped, sound quality of the amp was consistent, quiet and back to par.  My experience with the Tung-Sol tubes was very, very negative.  They caused me to go out and buy another amp.  I had no idea that brand new tubes could sound so badly that fast.  I'll never buy this brand again.
If you want to increase the amount of gain and distortion in your tube amp, drop one of these in the V1 position (the tube closest to the input jack of your amplifier).  Easy to do, and you'll notice an immediate increase in distortion.Placed one in a Fender Blues Junior.  Before when the master was down and the pre-amp/volume was all the way up, I could barely get some overdrive.  Afterwards, it had plenty.  Night and Day difference.Good sound too... Not harsh, adds harmonics.  Very lush sounding.  Tung Sol knows how to do it.
I recently acquired a Vox Valvetronix AD100vt combo amp from my local Music shop. I use this amp mainly in the Modern UK preamp setting for most of the music I play. When I tried it at the shop it sounded great. Of course, I couldn't go stage level in the shop, so I couldn't really get a feel for the sound.I took it to practice the next day and was really put off by the floppy sound of the low end when "chugging" on the low E. So I went about experimenting. First, I converted the combo amp to a closed back speaker cabinet instead of the original Vox open-back design. Small improvement, but not close enough.After couple of weeks, I also noticed some volume variations as I played. With a little research, I found that it is one of the signs of a bad tube. I did a little more research on the 12AX7 tubes and found that they are not all created equal (of course) and was looking for one with tighter low end. This one came up in the specs of doing just that. (I believe it was x[...] where I got that info)I got the tube this morning put some gloves on an went about switching out the tube. (YES. TREAT THESE LIKE HALOGEN BULBS. THE OIL FROM YOUR SKIN WILL CREATE HOTSPOTS AND DAMAGE THE TUBE QUICKLY) I pulled out a GT Groove tube from the amp. I was totally surprised! Groove Tubes were THE tubes to have in the late '80s. Now a days, I read they are rebranded Chinese tubes. So sad.Anyway, total tone improvement. Got the bottom end I wanted and I had to make some significant eq adjustments from my original settings and easily nailed the tone I was so looking forward to.
PEOPLE!  YOU NEED TO BE STATING WHICH AMP AND SPEAKERS YOU USE OR YOUR REVIEW IS POINTLESS!That being said, the reason is because every amp will cause the tube to react and sound differently.  Speakers will also create a very different sound with each tube choice. Type of pickups in your guitar will also cause a different outcome.Amp:  Vox ac30hw2Speakers: Celestion Alnico Blue 8 ohmPower Tubes: JJ EL84Pre Amp Tube: Tungsol 12ax7 in V1 and the stock Ruby tubes in the other 2 spotsHow I Set My Amp: Volume just before breakup and 12o'clock with bass and treble knobs (changes per guitar but stays close)Guitars Used: Fender Telecaster Deluxe 'Chris Shiflett' with stock pups, Gretsch Silver Falcon 2010 with stock Filtertrons, Gretsch Sparkle Jet Blue Pearl with stock Filtertrons, Fender Jazzmaster 65' American Reissue with stock p90's.I also purchased a JJ12ax7 to see how that sounded so will compare the ruby, JJ and this Tongsol preamp tubes.I found the Tongsol to give me the best tone over all.  Less bright but still keeping all the chime in this amp. It caused just enough high end roll off to give the warmth I've been looking for (to my ears). I found the JJ12ax7 to be much clearer but slightly harsher in the high end-maybe more Fenderish? I REALLY like the way the Tungsol makes my Jazzmaster sound.  It's heaven!  It gives me the perfect breakup point and perfect roll off of highs.My findings could and probably will be different from yours because of your guitar, cable quality, pick attack and style of playing. My best advise is BUY MANY different brands and TRY THEM ALL in your amp. they're not that expensive if you go with the cheaper ones.  Most likely you will buy a different amp at some point so keep the tubes to maybe use in that one.
Tone is subjective. I have little experience with tube voodoo. So all I can say is that it is working well for me. I would buy again.
Not sure how to rate this tube? Replaced a Chinese preamp tube in my Champion 600 and couldnt tell any difference in tone. Maybe it is built better? But thats yet to be seen. I did put a EH6V6 in with the Chinese preamp tube and did notice an improvement but the EH6V6 only lasted five minutes and shorted out. So i sent it back. I ordered a TS 6V6 and am still waiting for it. Maybe NOS is the way to go with the preamp tubes? Time will tell.
This is a very quite tube and has all the gain you'd expect from a great 12AX7 tube. If your looking to push a power tube into distortion this little bugger will definately do the trick.
Well made tube with good amount of gain and highs. Excellent for cleans and crunch due to increased clarity. For high gain metal, however, I found that it's a bit too hairy. For instance, as V1 position in my preamp, it had a little too much trebly sizzle versus other tubes. For comparison, a Sovtek has less of this "hair" and is tighter sounding but also has more of an upper mid-range fizz which can get annoying. In the end, I switched the Tung Sol with a Ruby AC7 which was formerly in the V2 (overdrive) position, and that got me better articulation with less fizz. So Ruby AC7 in V1, Tung Sol in V2 - that's been my best combo so far.
