I actually replaced a BOSS TR2 with this pedal. Does everything it is supposed to do without the "perceived" (that's was they say) volume loss typical of many tremolo pedals. If it's perceived, then how do you explain how good this sounds? I have since had the pedal rehoused in a metal enclosure with a better switch because I was scared of breaking its plastic housing when switching it on and off.
Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of Dano stomp boxes.  I probably own close to a dozen of from the various lines they make.  This pedal does a decent job covering your tremolo needs, but IMHO the tremolo from Dano's Cool Cat line is a much more durable pedal for only $4 more (at the time of this review).  The switches and knobs on this pedal are the weak link.  I don't think it's true bypass either.  The Cool Cat has a metal enclosure, true bypass, sturdier inputs and knobs, and a much better on/off switch.  The features and sound are the same.  Spend the extra $4 and you will have a much more bullet-proof pedal with the Cool Cat trem.
Hey, it gets the job done and that's all I can ask for.  I tried several "cheapo" pedals, and this one was my favorite of them all.  While some had better casings (metal instead of plastic), at the end of the day I'm looking for a good sound, not a pretty pedal board.  The pedal seems solid enough, it doesn't take up much space, it sounds great, and it has a versatile range of sounds as far as tremolo pedals come.AND, if you are like the typical musician, you are looking for something that's not going to break the bank.
When I first started setting up my little studio, I wanted something that didn't break the budget.  I tried a couple different combo pedal boards, (Digitech 500, Boss ME-70), but quickly realized I wasn't getting my sound and the money was quickly drying up.  With not much left, I tried a Tuna Melt as an example of Danelectro.  Who would think?  This thing is stunning in its ability to manufacture vintage tremolo sounds, as are most of this line of pedals.  I now own about 12-14 of these of all types, and have never been dissapointed save it's very hard to chain them without a lot of noise.Then I got into guitar building, and they all got put away.  Lately, I have been trying to make time to improve my playing skills, and joy of joys! I am rediscovering all these pedals and I absolutely love them.Forget the FAB series, they are not so hot.  Buy the old style as the Tuna Melt, or the big metal ones like the Dan Echo.  You will NOT be sorry!
Hello Musicfriends - This is built cheap but sounds great. Good controls too. For me in the studio/songwriting  its perfect but I would not exactly go on tour with it..... There is something about the knobs I still love, even if all my other digital units have a tremolo hidden in it... may be  the age thing...
it sounds great.  nice and warm and lush.  one of the better trems i've had the pleasure to use.  however, i hate the plastic housing, and how the input/output jacks are located.  I don't have heavy feet, so it will probably last a good long while on my board, but i really wouldn't want to put too much weight on it.
