While this is not a $300 tape delay...it's a solid pedal that gets it done. It's way better built than other pedals in this price range. I'm sold. I've purchased several JoYo pedals and all of them are built extremely well and perform as good as if not better than top name pedals.
Does everything you'd expect it to do, as well as a couple of things you might not like.First, when run before the amp, it adds a bit of treble to the tone, and a hint of distortion.Not to the point of being unusable, but you guys playing with the &#34;Fender clean&#34; tone might notice. I certainly did.Playing with overdrive or distortion makes this issue unnoticeable, as you would imagine.Ive noticed that when using the pedal in an effects loop, the treble boost / distortion isnt there, or at least not noticeable. In my experience, of course, YMMV.Those are minor complaints though, as the pedal works well, has more than adequate delay times (up to 600ms) and is built well.I strongly suggest using this with a 9v adapter, because this pedal will eat a 9v battery in a matter of minutes.Overall its a great deal. No, its not as pristine a delay as a Carbon Copy or Boss DD, but its a fraction of the cost of those pedals, and I doubt anyone but you will notice the difference.
I purchased this pedal with good expectations. However, my expectations were dashed at the constant popping every time the peadl was engaged. I tried different configurations on my board but the popping remained. Overall the pedal sounded descent for a $30 pedal but I could not handle the frustration. I traded and another joyo for a Ibanez stereo chorus.
This is a very good quality, nice sounding delay. You can get that classic "slapback" sound or dial you in some nice lead delays for that classic rock sound. Very simple to operate and that's what makes these Joyo pedals a "joy" to use. Nothing fancy, but simple and to the point. Another great selling point to me is that they are absolutely "true bypass". I have bought the cheaper, "plastic" pedals and they make noise. They say that they are true bypass, but they are not. These babies are dead quiet! I run mine through the effects loop on my Bugera V22 tube amp and it sounds great! I also own the Joyo Vintage OD (TubeScreamer clone) and it is great as well. Highly recommend!!!
I've tried a lot of delay pedals and this delay is easy to use- the sound is clean and crisp - easy to dial in-
I've gotten a number of these Joyo and Artec pedals now, most from Earth City Sound(TX, mostly on eBay these days) though I recommend this seller on prompt delivery but don't happen to know much about them otherwise.I got this one on a whim just to have a second delay. I've had the DigiTech X-Series multi-delay for many years. The fun thing this Joyo does besides standard adjustable delay is that it makes crazy UFO, sci-fi-ish sounds. All one has to do is get a note or feed back going and simply experiment with noise by tweaking the knobs. Guitarists who are fans of Yo La Tengo and similar groups, spacey stuff will dig this box. Solid hardware, side mount ac power. Goofy graphics of an eagle though I imagine by now they've updated it's look.
50+ years giggingowned it all 4 or 5 times :)wanted a cheap delay pedal to go into the fx loop of a newly purchased blackstar ht 5c r.since i've purchased several joyo pedals in the last year i looked for a joyo digital delay.it works perfectly, doesnt color the sound, silent switching and the knobs give all the control you'd ever need. it's well built and i expect it to last longer than me :)i highly reccomend this delay pedal.
