I bought this to replace an actual full-out PA and was VERY pleasantly surprised.Pros: GREAT price, VERY loud (as well as clear). Also compact and very durable.Cons: None.Bottom Line: As a monitor look no further. I use it as a PA for practicing and it is a God-send. Buy now!
I was looking for a small, high quality monitor for use in the Praise Band at church. I needed to run my Boss GT-100 and vocals through it on stage. This little speaker is more than loud enough for a good size stage with reasonable stage volume. It is built extremely well/very solid and sounds incredible. The volume and sound quality coming from this is simply amazing. I still chuckle when someone asks me to turn my guitar up and I do and all this sound comes from this little speaker sitting on the floor. There is a threaded mic stand socket on the bottom, but I place it on the floor and angle it back by putting my DI box underneath it. Between this and my GT-100 I have the ultimate direct guitar system, with inputs still available for a monitor feed from the main board. Simply fantastic piece of equipment.
One of these is more than sufficient for small venues as a main keyboard amp with channels for a mic and backing track. A pair of these connected via the stereo link jacks will handle larger venues including outside gigs. They can  be configured as a master/slave set-up with a single link cable (a 1/4 inch speaker cable), or with two cables two fully functioning amps that can handle ten inputs, assuming five inputs per CM-30. In reality the single cable configuration is more than sufficient.The low, mid and high range frequencies are perfect for either a piano or organ. I have run both aRoland RD-300NX Digital PianoandRoland V-Combo VR-700. The grand piano setting on the RD-300NX sounds like the real thing out of this amp, as does the B3 emulation from the V-Combo.I did a direct comparison with this against aMackie SRM150 5.25-Inch Compact Active PA Systemand the sound of this beat it hand's down. Bear in mind that this was designed for keyboards so the sound has been optimized for instruments in their frequency range.Vocals through the channel with the XLR are adequate, but not particularly spectacular. Also, there is no phantom power or ground lift features, so you will not be able to use this in a studio with condenser mics or correct electrical imbalances. That leads me to conclude that this is best for live performances.I use mine as a powered main, but it is designed to function as a monitor with the main controls on the front of the box. That is somewhat inconvenient when using it as a main because the controls will be facing away from you. However, once the levels are set during sound check you can control the levels via your instrument's volume and EQ controls.There are a few things to note regarding mounting this on a mic stand. First, the manual recommends that the total height from the top of the CM-30 to the floor not exceed 43 inches. I agree. This may be relatively small, but it's heavy at over twelve pounds and the center of gravity at the limited of the recommended height is fairly high. It's easy to tip over, especially of you are not using a tripod style mic stand with the legs fully extended.
I play guitar and sing in relatively small places, such as cafes.  I previously used a Fender Acoustasonic Jr and I got tired of lugging it (about 50 lbs) and all of my other gig equipment around. With the CM-30 I can get it (12 lbs), mic stands, music stand, mic, and various cables and etc into a medium sized rolling duffel.  That means I can haul everthing I need in one trip.  A big plus.I like the sound quality I get.  My guitar is an acoustic Alverez with onboard preamp and my mic is a Shure SM-57.  The Roland doesn't have a huge amount of volume, but if you're looking for something that sounds natural and is easy to transport, set up and take down, this is a good choice. (If I used it a with a passive guitar pick-up, I'd want external preamp.)  Think of it as as a sound booster for when you are playing in a bigger space than your living room.I'm also thinking I will use it in larger rooms as a personal monitor with my Acoustasonic Jr.It looks really rugged, so I'm looking forward to years of happy use.
I'm frankly sick and tired of showing up for a gig and having my keyboard run through the P.A., thereby in essence causing me to forfeit all control of the instrument to the bandleader (or board op). Still, I've had to concede that the amps I've been using--a Roland KC150, then a KC350--had plenty of power and pop but no sonic attributes that would recommend them above the Bose P.A. set-up the band uses.  Then, because I needed a small amp with an XLR connection for use as an emergency P.A., I picked up this relatively new item from Roland, which prominently describes itself as a "monitor" amp (i.e. meant only for the performer's ears).Was I surprised when I got this thing home and put it through some rounds with a Kurzweil PC2 and SP2.  It's little more than a compact brick, but it appears to have the power of my KC150 and, more importantly, in terms of "listenability" it sounds like its several heavens apart from the KC 150 or 350 (those ever-present Roland KC amps will make any piano, including Rolands, sound uninspiring if not boring during the course of a four-hour gig).  This latest contender covers the entire piano range, effortlessly, smoothly, providing rich yet responsive bass where its needed and brilliant but not strident highs.  Perhaps some would judge the sound a trifle "colored."  If so, I'll take the coloration any day to the untempered sounds I've been getting from electric keyboards.  The mid-range is tight and controlled, with the upper register "growing out" of it gradually but unmistakably.  By contrast, the upper register on the heavy-duty KC amps strikes like a serpent, leaping out of the mix like home-brewed white lightning  hitting the palate after it's just gotten accustomed to a vintage Bordeaux.I even compared this little thing to my previous standard--the Roland Cube 60 that had preceded the KC150 (which has been around too long).  This new one was smoother, bending to the bass notes like a gracious willow and springing to the top ones like fresh spring birch.  In other words, even the Roland Cube sounded uneven and rough compared to this latest overachiever, which handled the tones of the scale like a single portamento, revealing no holes in any of the registers.Playing any instrument or amplifier on the job can lead to a judgment radically different from the one made at home.  If my instruments (I'm usually playing 2-3) have to be mixed through the P.A., fine.  I won't have to listen to them.  They'll be processed by this monitor, which will be facing and playing for me before it kicks out the stuff that the bandleader deems worthy of the public's ears.
I use two of these as L/R channels, and my Fishman Soloamp as a center channel.  I use a Rode NT4 stereo mic, run everything through my Mackie mixer, adding some reverb and delay (delay a little of the left, send to right channel, and vice versa), and it sounds fantastic (way better than with just the Fishman alone).  Another tip:  Get a copy of Yamaha's Sound Reinforcement Handbook... when it comes to audio, there are so many aspects that all effect each other, so you really need a good technical understanding of it, otherwise you could randomly mess around with everything forever just to get an "ok" sound.
