Works great for my acoustic dreadnought.If I had any complaint it would be that there's nothing to prevent the lower part of the guitar from banging against the wall. It would be nice if they had an option for something that could hang down off the hanger - a little cushion - that would go between the wall and the guitar. No reason I can't make something like that on my own, though.Edit - 9/24/2013 - Just got my first classical guitar and realized that the wider neck won't fit into this hanger. Nothing worth complaining about, but just something to note - if you need a hanger for a classical guitar, this isn't it.
This is a really nice item and I got two of them.  Unfortunately one of them did not thread properly into the base and I had to force it which has created a little wobble.  That's the problem with mail order. Sometimes on a cheap item its not worth the time and expense to exchange it. Oh well so far its working OK with the my old classical (beater) guitar I have hanging on the faulty one.  The other unit seems to be rock solid. Oh and by the way these hooks are too skinny for a classical guitar.
This Guitar Hanger is good looking, well made, and was exactly what we were looking for to hang my son's acoustic guitar on the wall in his room. Our logic was that having it hanging in plain sight would be much more conducive to him practicing over having it hidden in case stuffed in a closet, and so far that seems to be the case.The hanger was easy to install (literally took less than 5 minutes to screw into the wall) and is easy to use (just place guitar in the padded holder by the neck).Highly Recommended!CFH
i bought one, then i bought two more, then i bought two more.these things are well made (in the good ol' US of A), look good, and are a deal.  none of my guitars have fallen off of the wall, which is good, right?
Perfect for hanging displaying your guitars.  Very sturdy, they hold up well to both my Bass or guitar without moving or flexing (both are on the heavy end).  I own 3 now, and will definitely buy more if I expand my collection!
I like to display my guitars while also keeping them safe.  I bought 2 of these and have had them for a year now and they have yet to let me down.  My daughter still gets to them and tries to pull them off but she has yet to succeed.  Very solid constriction. I like that they pivot so if my daughter pulls them to the left or the right, the piece moves with it and returns it back to balance once she is finished.  Excellent design.
Works great.  I didn't use the monster size wall board screw and it holds fine with the small furnished screws.  Next time I'm buying the all metal one and daisy chaining them to a board so I don't have to make tons of holes in the wall for my half dozen guitars.  For now I'm hanging one on the wall with this and it's fine.  Wood is nice quality.  I notice the price is almost 2x as much if you walk in the guitar center.
Shipped in time. Just what I have expected. looks nice and fits to both acoustic and electric guitars. Easy to screw it on the wall.
I bought 2 of these and will order a few more.  They are very nice looking and functional too.  I have been keeping my guitars in floor stands or in their cases but it takes up much needed space and just creates clutter...not that a guitar should EVER be considered clutter.The GREAT thing about these is that your guitar(s) are always &#34;right there&#34; and you can choose whichever one you have a hankering to play at that moment.Just a note of caution though.  Make CERTAIN that you mount the hanger screwed into a stud or on a solid wood surface.  The weight of your guitar will pull it right from sheet rock.  Included are sheet rock plastic backers but personally I would not trust them and nobody wants a hole in their wall.  I would also use longer screws than they provide with the purchase as well.  I'm sure the screws are okay but I wouldn't trust them myself.I would highly recommend these for someone with just one guitar or many.  Well worth the small price paid.  The shipping was incredibly fast too, as always with Amazon.
Many reviews cover the pro's of this item, so I'll be short only to add that they are very sturdy (when install properly...suggestion:  find a wall stud and use 3" screws for heavier instruments).Used in our house to hang 2 acoustic guitars and 2 Strat's.  Haven't had an issue with any in the 4-5 months we've had them up.  On the electrics, we use the section of the bracket between the wall and the hook to hang the coiled guitar cable.The hooks are bendable and can adjust or adapt to virtually any style head and are grippy enough to keep slick finishes from slipping.Wonderful simple product that makes displaying or storing your instruments stress free.
The perfect wall mount for an acoustic guitar. My daughter loves it. Instrument looks great on her wall, and it is easier than taking out of a case to practice. Installs in 5 minutes with included drywall anchors and screws (or mount to wall studs).
Wall hangers are good space-saving ideas, but I'm one of those who thinks they can stress necks, depending on the body/neck weight distribution and balance. I made my own hanging bases - just a carved slab of wood, really - to support the instrument from the bottom. The top hanger now just serves as a rest, but depending on the guitar's balance I'd recommend a heavy rubber band or something to stretch across the prongs if there's any tendency for the guitar to tilt forward.
This not the first Swing Hanger I have. They are great You will love it. Our Son has four or more of them too.
With musical instruments standing about on my office floor, I determined to find a better way to keep them available, and so I decided to hang them on the walls. This hanger was very easy to install. It comes with screws and anchors so that it can be attached to drywall itself, or through drywall and into wall studs. I used the pre-drilled holes as a template to mark my wall and the hanger went in easily. But a word of warning: use a level to align the hanger to a vertical position on your wall. If you don't, your guitar will hang a bit cock-eyed.
This hanger is very well padded and the padding can be adjusted to custom fit your guitar.  It holds the guitar perfectly spaced from the wall.
I have too many guitars and don't play them all so instead of buying an extra case or stand I figured I could use some wall decoration.  This works perfectly and is easily installed with two screws.  Definitely recommend.
Works like the picture shows.  Hangers adjust to required width of head stock.  Wood finish is nice look on the wall.
These hangers work great but make sure you purchase some spare screws.  The screws provided easily break when screwing into a stud so I would recommend you buy some good screws before you install.  I have several of these and at least three screws broke as I screwed them into the stud in the wall.
Stringed instruments are very difficult to keep accessible and safe at the same time. These hangers are easy to install, just find a stud behind the sheetrock or any wood to install it on and you are in business. The stringed instrument becomes  easily accessible and safe.
Some people are not comfortable using the drywall anchors that are included with this hanger. If the drywall anchors are installed correctly you will have no worries about it pulling out of the drywall. I have used these drywall anchors for 10 years now to hang heavy wood blinds which are raised and lowered daily without anchor failure. Concrete block homes exterior walls have no studs to anchor this hanger. The only options are the drywall anchors. They are good to go.
I have two of these.  They hold a variety of guitars just fine.Since the blocks are square, make sure you get them aligned with a wall or ceiling so they don't look crooked.  They seem to come from a variety of wood - mine are not a matched set even though I ordered two of the same part.  They have different wood grains.
I have 7 guitars in my cramped little bedroom studio and I quickly ran out of space to hold them easily. Floor space is dominated by my desk and drum set and I wanted my guitars to be out of the way and safe so they didn't get tripped over or dinged. Enter the String swing.I have 7 of them and I have hung everything from a Fender bass to a takamine acoustic with no trouble.The Y headstock holder pivots to accommodate asymmetrical headstocks like a Stratocaster. Just slip your headstock into it and the weight of the guitar finds it's own center of gravity.The base plate is an attractive open wood grain and looks like hickory. I didn't use the supplied wall anchors and instead drilled directly into wall studs.These are well worth the cost.
I bought this one as a way to save space in my overstuffed room. It looks really good, almost like an ornament. It sturdy and good quality. 5 stars.
I installed this in two minutes. I was planning on just using my twist-n-lock drywall anchors I bought at home depot to install some shelving recently but that's what it actually came with. These anchors are great. I used an 11/64 drill bit for the pilot holes. Don't use a bigger bit. It might be tempting to use a 1/4" drill bit if you're thinking of the push in type drywall anchors. That would be a mistake. These are better and screw in. I used a manual ratchet screwdriver. The anchors go flush with the wall then you screw the wood screws into the center of the screw head and through. I recently installed several shelves in two apartments (a friend saw mine and wanted some too) and these are the anchors I used. Of course a stud is better and also if your drywall is already crumbling that's no good. For a typical well maintained house or apartment though this should be fine even without a stud. I have a Schecter five string bass hanging from it and I'm confident that's not going to pull out from gravity. A heavier screw would still work and add confidence than the one packaged. One such as the screws packaged in actual twist-n-lock anchors. Looks nice. Decent price.
This is a lovely wall mount for your guitar. Comes with everything you need (except a drill or a screwdriver of course). It is pretty and very strong. I originally purchased it to hang on drywall (sheetrock) for my 5 year old's mini guitar but once I had it mounted I found that it is strong enough to hold MY ELECTRIC guitar, which is quite heavy and that is amazing to me because usually that kind of weight would pull a mount right out of the sheetrock. This is a good buy.
We bought three of these and they are just great. Mounting holes are drilled right, screws pass right through and fit perfectly. Comes with big, beefy drywall anchors and feels just right. Holds the guitar out at a safe distance. Highly recommend this over the other (way cheaper looking) ones that are a few bucks less. Spend the extra few bucks on these and SMILE.
This design is a big improvement over string swings' past designs head stock fits snugly in the well made cradle.  quality wood constructtion and the rubber material used feels nice to the touch.  I will buy more if I get another guitar.
I have 10 of these hanging on my wall with different types of guitars, banjos, and mandolins.They attach to the wall with 2 screws.  Hardware is included to attach those screws to drywall.  It takes about a 1/4 inch hole in the drywall where a large screw shaped plastic piece is inserted into the drywall and then the regular screws go into the plastic.The piece that touches the guitar has some sort of silicone/rubber which protects the instrument.  The holder can be bent in or out a bit to better fit the instrument that you have.I have moved a couple of times and these can be removed and attached again.Very sturdy, well made product.
I have been fortunate to build a small, but decent collection of acoustic and electric guitars in a room dedicated to music. All 15 of my guitars are hanging on the walls and in the 15 years I've been using String Swings I've never had a problem with them. They hold every guitar, regardless of neck shape or style. Since they swivel, my Fender necks are just as secure as my Gibson necks. The depth is adjustable, so they will account for the difference between acoustic guitars and solid body electrics. While I never had a problem with the rubber grip on the hangers marring the finish of my Nitro coated guitars, I didn't want to take a chance, so I use self-adhesive sheets of felt and wrap the posts with felt to further protect the guitar's finish. I try and screw them into studs to support the weight, and where I can't do it, I hang some of my lighter guitars, but the anchors that come with the hangers are strong and secure... although I sprung a couple bucks and bought similar screw-in anchors; but made out of metal - just that added bit of security to make sure nothing happens. I also strongly recommend (as others have done) that you run a humidifier in the room housing your guitars (40-50% humidity is perfect). I recommend the HoneywellHoneywell HCM-6009 QuietCare 9-Gallon Output Console Humidifier with Air Washing Technology
I just finished installing 12 of these and couldn't be any happier with the product.  It is a sturdily built product with EVERYTHING you need for installation.  I didn't think this was possible, but I actually found a product MADE IN THE USA !!!  I will definitely buy more of these as my guitar collection grows.I did NOT have the mis-matching color issue that others commented on - all I did was contact the seller (in my case Brook Mays Music) and ask if it was at all possible for them to closely match these since all 12 are going on the same wall.  They were extrememly responsive, even sending two emails concerning my request (basically saying they would do their best - but no promises).  Well, Brook Mays came through for me & I received (very quickly I might add) 12 of these that matched perfectly !!!  I will definitely go out of my way to use this seller again.Another great experience purchasing items through the Amazon site !!!
This is a very simple product, but one which fulfills its intended purpose of hanging guitars on the wall.  This fits all my guitars from telecaster to classical neck widths.  The swivel mount is key to keeping excessive stress off of the neck.
Love these. They're sturdy . Which is very important and was my biggest concern since my guitars are pretty heavy. They look so cool on the wall and everyone compliments and noticed my guitars now. Love this so much. Highly recommended
I had purchased one a while back for my electric and then my acoustic was always leaning against the wall so I had to get another for my acoustic. Super simple to install and very sturdy once installed.
Very nice guitar hanger easy to install and it floats away from the wall (the back of the guitar never touches the wall)
When placing my guitar in a stand on the floor I always worry that someone (person or dog) will knock it over.  This hanger works great for hanging my guitar out of the way, safe and secure.  Yes, I could put it in the case, but when I'm playing on and off all day long that becomes cumbersome, so this hanger is convenient and secure for my beloved guitar.
I bought eleven of these in order to hang a bunch of my guitars and I found them to be extremely simple and quick to install.  The included anchors work perfectly and went in without issue, leaving the String Swing solidly connected to the wall.If you are hanging a lot of guitars, making two rows (one high and one low) seems to be the best option.  I spaced the hangers eighteen inches apart and the guitars I put up look nice and have a good, tight spacing.  I uploaded two pictures of my wall after I had installed nine of the hangers and I couldn't be more pleased with the look... the pictures are uploaded on this product page.  I have put up the other two hangers since I uploaded the pictures, so I will have to do new pictures, but the ones that I put up will give you a good representation of the look you will get with these.The easiest way to hang a lot of these is to use a laser level such as theBlack & Decker BDL100AV All-In-One SureGrip Laser Leveland a long cloth tape measure that you can tack to the wall.  I just went down the wall making dots directly on the line, drilled quick pilot holes and nine of the string swings were installed in about 20 - 30 minutes.  I think that this is the quickest and easiest way to get a professional-looking installation.As far as the performance of the hangers goes, what is there to say?  The included anchors are big enough to keep the wooden backplate securely fastened to the wall and the hanger screws into a metal receptacle in the middle of it.  As long as you make sure that you tighten the hanger properly, you will be in good shape.I DO NOT, however, recommend buying theString Swing Home and Studio Wall Bumper Brown, as they are complete garbage and fall off the wall almost immediately.EDIT: I put the other hangers up now and did NOT drill pilot holes.  The anchors are made in such a way as to be nailed into the wall without using a pilot hole.  Just mark the positions, use a hammer to nail the anchors up to the screw portion, then screw them in.  It took about 1 minute to put a new hanger up, but this was partially due to the fact that I was able to use a level and put it against the bottom of the other hangers to get the line.  At any rate, you do not need to drill pilot holes; just nail and go!
Works Great! Its a good product, Just what i expected. I expect to buy more of these in the future. And for its price its well worth it!!!
