Could be more tapered for such a tiny pick. But the material is AWESOME. Nice grip even more so when I sweat.
I play metal so I need a strong pick (the Jazz III models) and this one also has a texture (Ultex) that makes it easier to hold onto/keep it in the right position. Second time I bought these.
The yellow material has a rough texture coated over it that gives it a nice rubbery grip with a smooth snappy tone!
Nice picks.  A bit small for my preference.  Great for picking, kind of harsh for strumming,  Quality seems top-notch.  Some guitarists will love these.
I have moved on to the Carbon Fiber and 3mm Lexan Jazz III picks but these Ultex picks are also very nice.  They are a little less bright than the Carbon Fiber Picks which in some cases is actually preferrable.  In my opinion (At least at the moment) the Jazz III picks are right at the top of the list with the best picks you can buy.  Once you get used to the small size there is no going back.  The large picks feel like your holding a refrigerator.
This Ultex Jazz 3 it's very cool, your durability is very high and I'm feel very comfortable to play with it...
If you are fan of the Jazz III you will definitely like the Ultex version.  From my experience, the Ultex has the sound and feel of Tortex but without the "memory" aka wear.  The Ultex is thicker than the standard nylong Jazz III's and only when directly compared will you notice that the Ultex version has a slightly larger gripping surface.Five stars for being a better Jazz III.  However, the prices for these on amazon are absurd.  I got mine through musiciansfriend for around $2 shipped.
I already liked the Jazz 3 picks by Dunlop, these made from the Ultex material sound so much better, and the surface of the pick is nice,even with sweaty fingers,they stay put. I do pick scrapes alot and there is no sign of wear on the edges of the pick. Sweet !!!!! These are clear yellow picks I would love to see them in red, that would be brutal!!!!
IDK why GC does not carry these. Annoying. Great pick! Worth buying a baggie. If you like the ultex feel but hate the in store larger only ones, get these.
Firm pick, just the perfect size and keeps a sharp tip.  Once you try these picks you never go back.
This is a nice pick, thicker and easy to hold on to.  I like the size (smaller than your regular picks) and the tone it allows me to obtain on my guitar.
A very nice pick, both in feel and texture (the design is a bit boring, though). Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Dava Jazz Grip 9024 red picks and the Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks, and I think I like the Dava picks the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size - they're all good, though - I'd rate this one next-best, and the Jazz III Carbon Fiber next after that).
Great picks, not just for Jazz though. I play pretty much everything and these work really well for most styles. Takes a little getting used to the smaller size and feel, but once you do they are fantastic.
ever since I saw a vid with mark tremonti where he says that he heard a lot of musicians used Jazz 3 picks, and after having tried them that he simply couldn't use an other pick.. I decided to try them out.. and I fell instantly in love with the regular jazz III picks!I always had issues holding picks and keeping them &#34;put&#34; while i played and the jazz III was no exception so it didn't bother me..Meaning I didn't really feel like there was a problem other than me, being that problem... Then I read about this new Ultex thingyit looked like a jazz III and every one seemed to like it..sooo I figured why not have a go at it... I was skeptical about this &#34;impossible to drop&#34; thing which I read..so i was dieing to feel them... Well they came.. i tried them and after playing for a while I didn't even notice that I hadn't once readjusted my pick..... NOT ONCE ... it was like there was no pick.. i started paying closer attn and more and more i realized that this thing really is what its hyped up to be... it stays there... to me that's just freaking incredible! holy @#$@%# wow! I love this thing love it love it!
