I bought some of these a few years ago just to try them out.  The "gel" in the name sounded intriguing.  These are OK, the colors are bright, but otherwise they're just standard plastic picks, which on an electric I prefer nylon because it's less "clicky" on the strings.  These are fine, and if I pull one out of my gig bag I'll use it, but overall there are other styles of pick that I'd buy before buying these again.  Nothing wrong with them, but they're just normal plastic picks, nothing special other than maybe the brightness of the colors.
I tried three of these on a whim and they impressed me favorably. In fact, they were so good that I purchased ten more when I went back to the same music store. My favorites are mandolin picks like Golden Gate or Grisman "Dawgs". The round side of the XH Dunlop Gels gives me a similar attack and a nice warm tone. I would recommend these to anyone.
If for some reason you're looking for a pick with a specific color, this is a nice set. The bright colors make them difficult to lose.
I have used the Extra Heavy picks for many years but am still searching for that perfect pick. Its strong enough to play metal and some blues style rifts but not so strong it cracks and brakes. I do like the fact it wont turn to powder or fray while playing either but it does wear out fast when playing on heavy gauge strings.
I like Fender Mediums, always have, but, I gotta branch out man.  Not sure about these picks yet.  The feel a little more stiff my usual.  I want them to last longer.  What happened to the days when you carried the same pick around in your pocket for months and played it until it was round?
I recently ordered a wide variety of picks to find the ones I liked best. These sounded different "gel" picks. I do not like them. Being see through distracts me. They are a little scratchy on the edges. Perhaps a more experienced guitar player would do fine with them but being at the stage where I am still looking at what I am doing - I just can't use them well.
Not too light and bendy, not too heavy and stiff, these picks are just right. Dunlop also makes quality picks, and I have yet to break one of these. They last a long time. I am a guy so at first I wished they weren't purple, but since Dunlop only codes their sizes with certain colors I like them so much I don't really care what color they are anymore. I bought a pack of these picks for much less money at my local music store so I would recommend looking there first. Now please stop cutting up milk jugs and go buy these. Now!
They play well and hold up well(never had one break) They are my second favorite pick. But this pick is better in some songs than my favorite.
I actually forgot that I bought the heavy and medium versions of this pick.  It's not a bad pick, I will continue to use them but I wish they had a softer center, or softer coating where you grip the pick to prevent it from turning or falling out of my fingers.
