Mics are like pants, you have to find the right fit. This one I like for my vocals live. I sing fairly low and airy - works great for me. Also used to mic resonator guitar through a tube mic preamp live, very sweet sound. I prefer it to the 58, seems a bit more bright and natural. Might purchase another one eventually...
Why drive a Pinto when you can drive a Cadillac? This is the industries best mic as far as I am concerned. I had a Shure SM 58 like everyone else owned but there is no comparison between this mic and a SM58. SM 58 is garbage compared to the Beta 58A. Spring for the extra bucks and be happy. That's what I always say.
I have one of these, as well as several other microphones. The SM58 is a good all around mic - the reason it's an industry standard/go-to, but the Beta 58A is a better (in my opinion) vocal-specific mic...basically giving (again, in my opinion) a higher quality sound. The SM58 by comparison sounds muffled/muddy, where the Beta58A is clearer, stronger, and more articulate. If you're used to the SM58, then the Beta58A can sound thin and harsh, but, that is adjustable at the board - end result is that it's a tighter sounding mic with more clarity.Pattern-wise, it does better at rejecting unwanted sounds - I play drums and use this mic for that reason, is that it picks up less of my drums than a SM57 or a SM58.
Yes, it costs considerably more than the SM58 and I'm not sure if I could pass a comparison test between the two, but I love this mic!  To me, it sounds slightly brighter and clearer than the 58s I have used in the past.  If you are a musician who is strapped for cash or trying to make ends meet, get the 58.  If you have the extra dough and want a confidence boost, go for the Beta.  I would buy this again.
I'm an amateur sound tech. We've been using SM58 in our church for years now and our singers/song leaders liked it very much than the other mics that we've had before. Our singers are growing and we needed addtional mic so we thought of this Beta58A because of the good reviews. When I received it I cannot wait to test it myself and whoaaah.. For me, it sounded better than SM58. My songleaders have tested it and guess what... they dont want to use the SM58 anymore :)
While the Shure SM58LC Shure SM58 Vocal Microphone seems to be the running staple for live performance vocals, and rightly so due to its comparative value and amazing quality in sound and craftsmanship, the Beta 58A needs to be given its due. The Beta 58A is an amazing dynamic microphone that might alleviate some of the stress associated with its more cost efficient cousin. That is, the Beta 58A, in the confined live scenarios in which I have utilized it, has demonstrated a much broader sweet spot and completely eliminated some severe feedback issues. For vocalists that like to pull back from the mic a touch to really belt those sustained high (or, really, any) notes the Beta is a dream. This same effect helps if one is experiencing sibilance or "popping" complications and needs to sing past the microphone as opposed to directly into it.While I wish that I had a better understanding from a sound engineering standpoint so that the technical specifics could be expounded upon, I can confidently say that the Beta 58A is the best vocals microphone that I have ever utilized aside from higher end condenser mics in an isolated environment. Quite honestly, I would not be at all surprised if the Beta compared well even in confined recording situations. The bottom line is that the Beta 58A might be more expensive than its popular cousin, the SM58, but it is worth every penny. Anyone who has the opportunity should give it a chance to demonstrate its superiority. Six out of five stars!
The Beta 58A along with the original SM58 are industry standards, that's well known. As a general purpose workhorse for live vocals they are by far the most popular tools out there. Quality venues throughout the country commonly stock these as their go-to house mics. In fact, I noticed Betas all over the place at a small theater (with a high-end system) that I played at just recently.I had used the old 58 for years before moving to the Beta and there is certainly a noticeable difference between the two. The Beta is definitetly hotter, with a more sensitive response. Your vocals will cut into the mix strongly and with more clarity than you might be used to. Mids and highs are picked up perfectly when singing a few inches away and there is a subtle low frequency roll-off to avoid that boomy, muddled sound you typically get when hitting low or quiet notes up close. You definitely need to stay within a close range though as the pickup pattern is very tight. This is a good thing because extraneous noise and feedback is effectively rejected."Built like a tank" is probably a bit overused when describing products but Shure's vocal mics truly earn that title. They can take an enormous amount of abuse and never falter. Toss it around, drop it, bury it under other stuff, etc., NO problem. When you are maintaining a bunch of music gear, it's nice to have tools that you never worry about. For that reason, I'd highly recommend getting a used one if you can find a deal. Chances are, its in working order no matter what.
