There are a ton of phaser options out there - even from MXR themselves - which makes this issue a bit confusing.  I'd owned a Phase 90 back in the 80s and wanted another one.  A few years ago I didn't have the budget to consider the more expensive MXR versions, so I just got this one.I think it sounds fine.  I gigged with it for years without issue.  Yes, there's a slight volume bump, but I think this is really mostly a midrange hump that will alter your tone and give you some distortion, depending on how your amp is set up.  I always use it with a clean tone, and I'm used to it so it's not a big deal.If I were to shop for a phaser today I'd consider some of the other MXR models, as well as versions from other manufacturers which offer a mix knob.  A phaser is a very specific sound, but I love it in small doses.  For my needs this one works.
Absolutely Obligatory for any fan of rock n roll jamming with tastes of jazz influenced rock--1970's influences.  I would probably buy the Phase 100 today though, as it has 4 different positions to choose from, I assume including the original set-up as one of them.Well, I need to correct this.  This review was for the OLD models.  The NEW models have FAR too high midrange and the components are no longer easily modified.  I thought I was replacing an old model with the NEW one, but alas the NEW is not worthy of a place in my effects chain!I will probably get an EH Small stone now, though that pedal looks like it may have been changed lately too.  Sadly it appears boutiques are being bought by non-musical business men who care ONLY about the bottom line and NOT enough, if AT ALL about the sound/quality of their products.  The capitalists have become too greedy, and the socialists think they are worthy to tell everyone else how to live.  God help us!
This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. Phasing is very sensitive and delivers as it should. No need for the EVH red logo version (unless you're a super fan or something) - I actually believe this unit will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
I returned this because I wanted the script version instead. Very different sound. Watch YouTube to compare models. This pedal seems older as well.
This is a great pedal for price. No it's not the most amazing phase pedal, but it's still quality. I know many pedal geeks who still have it on their board. If you don't use a lot of phaser but need it for a song or 2. Buy it.
Simple and compact.No clicking or buzzing.Perfect for old Van Halen solos like in &#34;You Really Got Me.&#34;Plus, you can get a swooshing bright sound you can't get with a Flange and Chorus when backing it down and playing clean.Play some old KISS or some Rob Zombie.$65 bucks is expensive but a true analog phaser isn't available in most amp emulators.&#34;You know your man is working hard... he's worth a deuce!&#34;
I have several MXR pedals. Every one is superb--except for this PHASE 90 (the non-"script" version reviewed here). This PHASE 90 is worthless for anyone who wants to use it while playing clean, for it adds a tsunami of irritating distortion, a swoosh of sonic dirt. I did some research and discovered that other people who also hate this pedal's distortion suggest some modifications. (Look up "MXR Phase 90 Mods," and "Erik's Corner" will show you how.) I made the "R28," "C11," and "C12" modifications. The result: a slightly improved phaser, one that still churned out plenty of distortion. Finally, I tried adjusting the internal trim pot. On no setting could I get rid of ... you guessed it: distortion. I spent literally hours in a futile and frustrating effort to make this pedal sound merely acceptable. No luck. BOTTOM LINE: IF YOU WANT A PHASER THAT DOESN'T ADD SIGNIFICANT DISTORTION, AVOID THIS INCARNATION OF THE PHASE 90.
The MXR Phase 90 is a classic stompbox popularized by Eddie Van Halen. At present, I own an MXR Phase 90, a Boss PH-3 Phase Shifter, and a Line 6 MM4 Modulations Modeler (with a few phaser patches), so I can compare these three units.The Phase 90 has a single "Speed" control that sets the rate of the phase, so it is simple to use. If there is a single knob, that is a good indicator that the manufacturer feels pretty good about the sound of the unit. In this case, I agree.The MXR Phase 90 is by far the cheapest of these three units. In my opinion, it also gives the best sound within its capabilities, and actually seems to boost the volume slightly. The Boss PH-3 gets a slight volume drop but it is workable, and the Line 6 MM4 has a volume drop that for me is hard to use on a guitar pedalboard because I usually don't leave modulations on for an entire song, but turn them on/off in different sections (unless its a chorus).Of the three, the Phase 90 has the least versatility. You can imitate the Phase 90 sound on both of the other units (the Line 6 MM4 does a slightly better job) and both the PH-3 and MM4 have more sonic possibilities. Also, the Boss PH-3 will give a lot more spacey extremes than the Phase 90 which stays in a "normal" range. But again, of the three the MXR Phase 90 sounds the best of the three at what it can do.Bottom Line:(1) A classic pedal at a great price(2) Great sound & slight volume boost(3) Simple to use(4) Limited sonic possibility, "safe" or "normal" guitar sounds (no crazy extremes)(5) Beautiful bright orange color, you can't miss it(6) Compact size does not eat up pedalboard space
