This works well...A few cons:1. it is not variable speed. on/off in either direction with full torque. Not so bad... but variable speed would have been nice.2. it is a little loud.Other than that... does what it should as expected.
Here's what you'll need to know about this product if you're interested in getting one.....1.  The 'head' accommodates multiple tuning peg sizes due to the slot config.  That's a good thing.2.  The trigger is a rocker switch..... so you can wind and unwind,....quickly.  That's a good thing, for the most part.3.  It is not variable speed.  One speed.  FAST RPM!  It takes some practice and patience.  Nothing special, just the will to get used to it.  Initially, and until you get used to it, you'll have the head jumping off the peg.  Don't 'fret' (bad pun)... a few minutes of rehearsal with it and you'll get to like it.  I've opted to pull the trigger in short bursts so as to refrain from having a string change remind you of a NASCAR tire change in the pit.... and especially because when you get close to the desired tension you need to go slowly so as not to over-run it.I would have much preferred a device that has a two-position switch.... 'slow' and 'fast' position on the trigger for more control.  I've rated it 4-stars, not 5, not because there is anything 'wrong' with it or that it doesn't work.  It does all that the advertisements say it will.  It's the aspect of the device I had to find out the hard way that keeps me from giving it a 'perfect' score.All in all, be patient and all will be well.  Realistically, I don't need to change a set of strings in just a couple of minutes.... I've got hours if I chose to.  I suspect most folks are in the same position.  If you're a 'roadie' for a big group, I could see the need,...the need for speed. But, alas, I'm not.  So, like some of the other things I've purchased along the way, I now have a new toy.  I works.  I'm satisfied...... for now.DP
I'm so glad Ernie Ball decided to put out this tool. I've been using the manual kind for years and have been tempted in the past to get an attachment for my cordless drill. The reason I never did was that I was worried it would be too powerful for that purpose. This is made for string changing with just enough power and speed for the job and the right head to fit all kinds of tuners. I love it!
I frequently restring mandolins and 12 strings so obviously it's a huge convenience. Even if it doesn't save a WHOLE lot of time it's very ergonomic. Wish it had more speed variance but it's great for the price!
This makes changing strings of breeze I was using a hand winder for many years.Unit takes four AA batteries but is very powerful also has a lock on it so it won't accidentally be put into a drawer and engaged.Looks to be quality made just what the doctor ordered.
