There good mics
great price and helped out with recording to a Tascam 4 track cassette (which I like using on occasion vs digital) and just plain useful with so many other apps......excellent budget dynamic mics and sweet case for storage!!!
These microphones have a quality-feel to them and they all worked perfectly.  I used them with my Harbinger HA60 PA system and I was not disappointed.  They don't come with cables so be sure you have some available (xlr-xlr).  You can get a 25' cable for under $5 also here on Amazon.  Good deal all around.  Would not hesitate to purchase more of them if I need to.
These mics are great. I wasn't sure what they would be like but I would buy them all again. They are cheap enough to replace and they sound great. We Shure mics and they needed repaired all the time. These have a bigger sound pick up area and they have not had any problems at all.
this pack rocks they have on off buton the quality feels sturdy and I had it next to shure mics that cost more but sound the same for karaoke vocals. I bough two other sets and 20 ft cables
I've had Behringer mikes before, and currently have a couple of XM2000s, which are very reliable and comparable to Shure SM 58s. I saw this three pack of 1800s for $40 in a hard case and couldn't believe it. I hooked them up right beside the 2000s, and while there is a little difference, it's not much. The 1800 has a little more high end, but it's easy to adjust the tone for slightly more bass. The presence is also boosted a little on the 1800, meaning less reverb should be put in the mix to avoid a tinny sound or the possibility of feedback.For now, I'm using the matched 1800s as the main mikes for our vocalists, and keeping the older 2000s as backups.I bought the 3 of these for less than the price of one SM 58. Although the Shure (and the B 2000) is better, the difference is hardly noticeable once the tone and presence are compensated for. I can afford to buy another 3 pack for complete backup.A wise choice for the budget conscious.
I got this yesterday, and everything was alright, except that two of the three Mics worked. One was dead. I tested all three of them with the same, and different cable, and made sure that the the On/Off switch was on. It was first mic I tested of the three, and the dead one of the three. Everything was good except for that one Microphone.
These are pretty standard dynamic mics, and for what you pay the quality is good. I use them as room mics mainly, for which they perform admirably. I've only used them once for (backup) vocals, and the results were good. Would recommend these for folks on a budget. Also, the case is nice.
Made of all metal,looks and feels well made. Sounds clear no hum or buzz comes with a nice case and that a plus.
Great bargain price. 3 great vocal microphones, in its own protective case, with its own holders. Not top end ... but for general purpose use and abuse ... works just fine. Sensitivity and clarity is more than acceptable for my needs. Feels quite solid.
The 3-pack is a FANTASTIC deal. I've been around mics under $100 for 30 years, and when compared to other mics in the $50-$100 range, they are as good or better! Good lows and clean highs without ANY hiss. Absolutely NO whine or hiss when used with a mic preamp. Don't miss out on this GREAT deal.
Surprised really. For the price I dont think I could have done better. Nice case, come with stand adapters, and make me sound pretty good and I cant really sing. Dropped one a few times and its still working. Good feel/weight. On /off switches on each. I record to DAW and the recordings sound fine. I usually run everything through a BBE so that might be part of why I am pleased with them but I do recocmmend these for mics in this price range.
These don't sound all that great on stage or at rehearsal with the my other SM58s and Beta 58s in a band situation, but that actually wasn't the purpose of these microphones... the real purpose was speech through a ceiling speaker system, at which they excel. The facility we use these at, the mics have a habit of walking away, or escaping maybe... stolen? Perhaps. They sound great through the ceiling, they have on/off switches, and they're cheap, we can just buy another box of 3 in a few months when we're down to 1 again. Seems like they'll last forever, too bad they keep wandering off on us.
I love these microphones, I really do. I also believe that it was really cool they threw in the microphone holders and the case is quite nice. The 2 things I did not like was 1, the microphone has to be really close to your mouth to get a good sound out of it, otherwise it does not sound as crisp. 2, although it was nice of them to include the microphone holders, the items they work with are very limited so make sure that they match up with a microphone stand you want to buy or else it won't screw in. It is good to be aware the wire that connects to this microphone is an XLR Female, so buy the correct wire when connecting to an amp/speaker. For the price I really do recommend these, as long as your fine with having to put the microphone centered,and close to your mouth. Overall a great product.
Pros:-Solid build quality-Included flight case, mic clips, and adapters (3/8&#34; female threads to 5/8&#34; male threads)-Clean audio-Great for live sound eventsCons:-Limited upper frequency response--this is to be expected in almost all dynamic mics.
Podcasting on a bit of a budget ($200 setup), I wanted good sound quality, nice warm tones .... these mics deliver in a world where I didn't quite have the cash for condensers I wanted.  I needed four mics and this was the best cheap option and my word, these sound great.  3 for under $40 was fantastic.  I am glad I didn't break budget here.  I'm using these with the Behringer 1202FX mixer.  I am so extremely happy with them.
These microphones are great for recording vocals.  They pick up local sounds better than they pick up distance sounds.  They do not have any detectable noise or issues.  Depending on your situation, you may need to have a external pop-filter or windscreen, however, these microphones contain an internal windscreen.
I use these at parties and they work good for the price I paid. I really have no complaints aside from sometimes you really have to get up on it to get a good clear voice in a live band setting. I use a wireless for that now, still for the price, these are hard to beat.
I bought these for supplemental mics for a podcast, verbal audio recordings.  The sound quality is very good from these mics, in fact its hard to distinguish the difference on non-pro mixers from other higher end mics.  They feel good in your hand, nice build quality, and if you put a windscreen on them there is very little pop.  Sensitivity is good, and I'm very pleased by this purchase.  I'd definitely recommend these for any kind of audio recording, they may even be a good option for instrument recording given the lower price tag.  NOTE: once you put the pop screens on, they no longer fit into the carry case.  You have to remove the wind screens or modify the cushioning inside the case.
If you're a professional and you're JOB is music, then you may not think these mics are up to your standards in quality.  However, if you're just doing it as a hobby/side job... or even just want the mics for a PA system, then it's really hard to beat what you get in this deal here.  The deal is fantastic.  I use these for recording music at my home as well as recording my online radio show and they've been perfect for me.
Plugged 'em in to my PA's Yamaha mixer and tried out my effects processor and they sound great! Better than the Nady Starpower mic I also bought from Amazon. These seem like they will last and I plan to buy these as long as they stay the same price.
This item was received well packed and on time.  Provides a great sound for my needs and would recommend it to all my friendks.
I had some band mates that did not seem to respect my Shure SM-58 mics very well so I bought some of these cheap mics to use on them. I was very surprised to find that I like the sound of my voice better through one of these than my old reliable SM-58 (and these Behringer mic's are about 1/10 the price each.No problem with feedback or handling noiseNo problem with electronic induced noiseSounds goodDirt cheapHandy carrying caseWhat's not to like?
My band had no PA or mics or anything.  While I admit these are not the quality a band will work up to, they fill up the stands at an affordable price.  Not much distance--you have to &#34;eat&#34; the mics--but the sound is great.  Full range, clear (not muddy), and no breaking up of sound.  This is a great place to begin.
Comes in a really nice case.  Works great.  Great price. Very light.  Can't speak to durability because haven't had them long and haven't used them heavily.
I was looking for a financially good deal. The price was so reasonable, I said, "How can something this cheap be that good",..well they were a great investment. I use them all the time and have had people ask me where I purchased such a great sounding cadiod microphone. When I told them the price, they thought I was pulling there leg,..I wasn't. The case is plastic, foam and clips. Three good clips would cost you ten dollars alone, now compare for yourself. I'd buy these again in a heart beat. I just might buy another 3-pack!!
Okay well I lied in subject line, bad singers sound bad whatever mic you put in their hand.  I can say that with authority since I run KJ shows 6 nights a week and have for the last 20+ years, so I know good singers when I hear them.  And they will ask if I have a shure SM58, to which i reply Hell No, you think I'm going to put a 58 in the hands of a careless drunk?  The more you drink the better you sound or so some of my patrons believe.  Some also drop the mic or worse, spike the mic.  I'd rather lose one of these Behringers than a 58.  Or a wireless 58.  Sound wise these are great for their intended purpose.  If you need a sturdy all metal cheap mic, this is the bargain.
I bought them at 45 dollars. Use for small music gigs and DJ/MC uses. They are great for DJ uses or other things where the quality of the voice isn't so important, as long as you can be heard and understood. I recommend for use of: 1. Small music venues (smaller bands), Djing, public speaking, band practices/rehearses, etc.For higher quality microphones at a reasonable price, look at the Audix OM2 when it's around 80 bucks, or Audio Technica products.
Excellent equipment!  For the price I paid, can't beat what I got.  Have used all three and had exactly zero problems with them.  It's been several years now, and this is a name that will move forward in sound equipment.
Order just in time to replace my microphones that were well deserved of retiring. I didn't think  that these mikes would give me the quality sound I needed for the price i paid.
