For the dollar its the best and biggest bang for the buck. My daughters love this amp and works perfect. Product is as described.
this is an amazing acoustic amp for my classical guitar. i use this to play in the Church and a friend of mine approached me and said that the sound is really crisp and bold. i was happy.
I brought for someone else. But they said they love it. So I am a happy camper I did it right.
I am both a bass player and a fidelity freak, always fussing over tone settings. This tiny amp packs BIG sound for everything from a harmonica to a keyboard .... and even my bass. The CD input has NO controls but is a very useful feature just the same. Having Behringer mics and a UB802 mixer, I banked on this being a good amp and was NOT disappointed. The 3-band tone controls do an excellent job of shaping sound to fit any instrument. No 15-watt amp will compete with live drums OR outdoor settings.... and do NOT expect 2 instruments to sound perfect together, but for indoor practicing and intimate small crowds, this amp will impress you. Every musician should have one of these around. Money well spent!
This is a nice small amp.  It delivers nice, pure sound at more than loud enough levels for me.  One thing I like about this amp is that it is very simple, not a bunch of complicated settings to worry about.  Another thing, I think it's the nicest looking amp I have and I have about 10 amps now.  It's about the same size as my little Fender Frontman 15 and sits side-by-side with it in my living room.  I use the Fender for electric and the Behringer for the acoustic for practicing.If you're looking for a no frills amp that doesn't cost a lot or take up much room, this is a good one for you.Makes a great little practice amp.  I am totally happy with this one and see no need to add an additional acoustic amp.Mine looks a lot different than the photo, it's more brown and actually looks better.
Hearing ourselves the way we sound to others is of the essence in music. This small, acoustic Behringer Ultracoustic AT108 amplifier gives the musician/singer the needed outside feedback to get things sounding right.No one hears themselves the way they sound to others. This simple reality must be understood and somehow corrected for by anyone recording music. This is why performers in the studio wear headphones while recording and why a small acoustic amplifier is a necessary piece of gear for an acoustic guitar playing, singing song writer. The Behringer Ultracoustic AT108 acoustic amplifier more than does the job.As the owner of eight completely acoustic guitars, I thought a lot for years about trying amplification. I probably never hesitated with ambivalence about any other purchase in my life. Much to my delight, together with a passive, inexpensive hole-mounted pick-up (the Seymour Duncan SA3SC Woody) , an inexpensive Audio- Technica vocal microphone and this Behringer AT108, I can hear a fullness and richness that actually makes good instruments sound even better!At least as importantly, it allows me to hear myself more the way I am heard by others who will not hear me, as I do in part, from the resonations inside my skull.One of the most universal and predictably shocking experiences anyone who records their own voice is struck by is how different it sounds when recorded than it does when they are singing or speaking it. The mechanics of this ubiquitous situation are not difficult to fathom.To hear what those listening hear, you have to arrange things so as to hear the sound coming TO you, not FROM you. That is where an amplifier comes in handy. It aims your own sound back at you so you can hear something a lot closer to what an audience would hear.When we 'hear' ourselves without any external amplification or direct audio feedback, we are 'hearing' a combination of the sounds being processed through our ears as well as those vibrations and sounds that are created by the vibrations in our heads. The people who hear us, only hear us through their ears. The two experiences are not the same.To discover how we really sound to others, we can go about it two ways. First, we can go ahead and record ourselves then listen and be astounded at how different we sound from how we thought we were sounding while recording, or we can put our practice through electronics - either through an external amplifier or through headphones, so that we can hear ourselves more closely to the way we will be heard by others.As an acoustic guitar player, I recently invested in a small, specifically acoustic amplifier, the Behringer Ultracoustic AT108, and have found the results to be simply astounding as I can now, for the first time, practice my songs until they sound the way I would like them to sound to others before recording them.For a small amplifier that successfully replicates, electronically, the deep richness of an old tube acoustic amplifier, this Behringer AT108 provides amply volume for both the instrument and separate input voice, along with a three section equalizer, to provide the self-accompanying guitarist with the sound of what s/he really sound like to others. It can, initially, be a rather shocking experience!Technically, this AT108 is at the low end of the famous Behringer line. Although the company is based in Germany, this box is built in China to their specifications. Solidly built and encased in a brown vinyl wrapping, it sports:- 15 Watts of Power amp output,- An 8" dual-cone full-range loudspeaker with 4 Ohm impedance and a powerrating of 20 Watts,- Inputs for an instrument (1/4" TS mono connector,) a microphone ( BalancedXLR) and for CDs (1/4" TRS stereo connector,)- A headphone output connector ( 1/4" TRS stereo connector, and- Three (Low, Mid and High Range) frequency controllers.The unit measures approximately 13 X 14 X 7 inches, weighs just over 11 pounds and is easily portable. It comes delivered with 13 feet of instrument ready plug-in cabling.Finally, to answer a question I had that caused me to hesitate for years before buying a small acoustic amp, it does NOT make an acoustic guitar sound, in any way, like an electric guitar. The sound is that of a deepened and amplified acoustic. The natural tones are enhanced, not rendered tinny or 'electrified.'It is at home in a room when you are alone practicing or on a stage in a small venue. The 15 amps pack a wallop and it can blast pretty loudly for its petite and easily portable configuration.At a current on line retail of somewhere between $75 - $95, an entire enhanced world of acoustic playing, practicing and listening is now open to me. The Behringer AT108 just might turn out to be one of the smartest investments I have ever made on behalf of my acoustic guitar playing, singing and recording.
I'm now have my music together, great for small space &#34;does it works&#34; limit to one mic, but enogh for me.
It's a nice little amp for practice, it lacks volume and low end for performance.  I have used it for several months with no problems.
I have played, listened to, and used audio amps for over 4 decades, and while I haven't owned every name brand amp on the planet, I do know my way around them well enough to spot a good deal when I see one. This is a nice little practice amp for electrified acoustic guitar, with an input for a mic (XLR - no phantom power) and a CD player or other audio source. It also has a headphone output (1/4 inch). It has three tone controls and separate volume for the guitar and mic inputs.I got this originally for my mother, who used to sing in an Andrews Sisters-type group back in the day. She still loves to sing, and wanted a small amp and mic to practice and do the occasional small jam. She hasn't had the opportunity to do that yet, but I have tested the amp and put it through its paces. I think it will work fine for the kind of thing she has in mind. The lack of reverb or processing for the mic is a bit of a drawback, but considering what I paid for it, I can't complain.Now, this is not a gigging amp, at least not in my opinion (your mileage may vary). It is small, solid state, with an 8 inch speaker, and 15 watts of power (I haven't measured the exact output, so I'm taking Behringer's word on that). I like Behringer, and they can turn out some pretty good gear, within its limits.I like the sound of the amp with my Carvin acoustic guitar with a Fishman preamp. It is an inexpensive practice amp, so I don't expect the same kind of quality I would from a more serious combo amp. The 8 inch speaker is obviously not going to give the kind of sound quality as a good 12 inch, no matter what. The question is, does this amp provide the sonic quality and flexibility needed to allow serious practice work, composition, or just moderate entertainment value? For me, that answer is a clear "yes."However, this is an inexpensive practice amp, and if you approach it with that attitude, I think you will find it a nice little amp. Don't plan on using it for your next tour with Manhattan Transfer, Seal, or Celine Dion.
I was a bit skeptical about buying this, but after reading the reviews I thought why not. It is actually a good little practice amp. I'm still fiddling with the knobs and changing the sound to suit my mood. It gives me the portability I needed to move about my house. I was using a mixer that's hooked to one of my PCs and using that sound card for sound. That works great, but sometimes I don't want to be tied down to the PC. I use the PC arrangement for recording and the amp for private relaxing guitar playing wherever I want to have it. I recommend this little amp wholeheartedly. Just be mindful that it isn't a $500 Marshall amp, but it does well in a pinch.
I just can't believe how loud this little baby is. I also have a 180watts Behringer keyboard amp (4 inputs, with lot of FX) but it's a littl heavy to move around.This little amp does everything I need for small gathering. I tried everything as soon as I received it:1) guitar (classic), mandolin, acoustic guitar all sound the way they normally sound in this ampActually, the classical guitar sounds much better and this encourage me to play more thru this amp.2) the microphone, although no reverb or echo, is good enough for singing, sounds as the true voice of the singer3) the MP3 input is 1/4", which I prefer over the little 1/8", volume must be controlled by the MP3 player itself4) guitar and mic have separate volume control (we really need it).In summary, it's ready to be used right out of the box.It only weights 15 lbs so moving around is really easy.
It's solid built. Maximized all buttons and hardly heard any noise. Manufacture said it's for practice; to me, it serves the purpose.
I say perfection, because this amp does exactly what I wanted it to do.  It is also a great value for what it does.  It offers ample volume for small venues.  I love having two mic inputs and the CD input.  The Behringer AT108, along with my Fender amp, gives me plenty of performance capability.
Received promptly and tested out with acoustic/electric guitar. The sound is much better than expected and the volume is loud enough for small room performances. The treble needs a little boost but with the three channel adjustments it can be made to sound fine. The small amp is just what I was looking for and the second channel for a mike is a big bonus, I haven't tried it yet since I can only play one instrument at a time but with an adapter for a 1/4 inch RCA plug it could also be used to amplify two instruments at the same time.
The warmth and the richness issue from this thing, just the way I'd hoped. I could not be more pleased with this product. It actually delivers much more sound than I expected.
