I like these short planet waves cables for short runs where there won't be a lot of abuse going on. They have good quality connector jackets similar to Monster cables. There are better made cables out there but few are in this price range.
What can I say? It's a cable. It works very well on a pedalboard. I personally use it to cable my pedal together from the first row to second row. That requires a cable longer than 6" or 1 foot. The 3 foot is perfect and it works great!
Planet waves knows hot to make great quality and economic stuff. All of the cables in my pedalboard are planet waves
Good cords with a decent length.  I like the right angle as sometimes it gets tight in a pedal box.  I order the longer cord to go to my wah pedal which I always set outside of my pedal board.  Works quite well.
Nice quality plug. I used this plug to connect my lower row of pedals on my pedal board to the second line of pedals. Works great and no noise! The shielding on these Planet Waves cables are great.
Using this as a line from my amp to a single pedal. Works great, no noise. Well made cable with bullet-proof molded TS protection. The cable is slightly on the thin side, but it functions well. Without a doubt, a very sturdy cable.
I ended up ordering this cable to connect my bottom row of effects to my top row, on a Pedaltrain 2 board. It's the perfect length, and the very slight bit of excess can be zip-tied against the Pedaltrain, leaving a total stealth install. Since then, I've ordered these patch cable in other lengths, and they've done a great job of cleaning up the look of my pedalboard.
This is just another cable out there - There is nothing special in particular about it. It does what it should. Cheers!
They work great, they're quiet and they're cheap. What else can you ask for? I'm very happy with the product
I really like the soft flexible cable these have. They were perfect for my pedal board. Highly recommended. You will find yourself wanting more than you purchased.
exactly what i needed to set up my pedal board. the flexibility is awesome, you can wind it underneath and around the pedal board and still plug it in to the pedals with out straining.
This jumper cable is a decent cable used for jumping from one unit to another when longer connections are required & a 10 ft. cable is too long. I would not depend on it for night after night abuse but, it just may last longer than I think. Planet Waves does make good products.
