In my opinion Snark makes the best tuners in the 10 to 20 dollar price range. This particular model has a metronome built in to it, the metros options are a bit limited and the beat can be lost if you are in a noisy environment but for the price I consider I bought a tuner with a freebie built in.The tuner obviously works on mic alone so if the noise level gets too high or the note too soft it doesn't register but for my use (holding my fakebook open while I play mando and harmonica) it works well.
I bought this not for the tuner, but because I needed a metronome.However, I had to give the tuner a try as well. With my trustySnark SN-1 Tunerattached to my guitar's headstock and this Snark SN-4 on the table, I proceeded to tune my guitar. I was impressed that both tuners were showing identical tuning even down to the fluctuations as the note rang out.As a metronome, I don't know what kind of frills others may offer but this does everything I need to keep in time.I only have one minor complaint. You can't view the Snark SN-4 at any kind of sharp angle. You need to view it head on. If you place it on your music sheet stand, that's great. But if it's not facing you, or lying flat on a desk, you may have trouble reading the screen. An integrated flip out kick-stand would make this perfect.
I have Snark uke and guitar head mounted tuners, see my reviews.  When I use my music stand, I just want something in front of me that does not need mounting that also does a great job.  This is that device.I leave it on my stand, and can hit the silver front mounted button with one finger, and it's on, and I can play my ukulele and it will register and provide the same clear electronic dial and acurate tuning of the Snark head tuners.  In addition, this one has a metronome.  I like this very much, and may well buy another.Enjoy!
This product has a quiet metronome; in a playing environment, it won't be easy to hear. The tuner works on a mic, and that too will be easily overwhelmed in a social environment.That said, it's lovely to see the strings "true in." Makes even first tune-up easy. This accuracy will greatly help to tune the student's ear, making "by-ear" tuning possible sooner.Pretty nice. Hate the color.  Oh well.
This tuner works well for all my acoustic instruments that I can't plug into a tuner. Banjo, guitar, mandolin, alternate tuning, even has a metronome for timing practice.Great product, great price.
