When this little plastic gizmo arrived, I admit I had low expectations for it. At first it seemed a bit awkward to adjust on the neck and I figured the plastic would soon break. I really did not expect much accuracy in tuning, either.I have used this for a couple of months now, switching from electric to acoustic to classical guitars several times daily and am happy to report it works and works well.I may invest in one for each instrument and just leave it on the neck. Good product for guitar players out there who need a cheap but good tuner. It works as well as my expensive model I was using and I don't have to stick it on the guitar body. Worth checking out!
I have the older version of this as well this newer one.  The older one is more responsive to various instruments that can be hard to tune this way, like banjos, mandolins.  Sometimes this new one just won't &#34;hear&#34; the string being tuned unless it's 'encouraged'.  That wasn't the case with the first model.  It's not as completely accurate as some other headstock tuners but it will get your instrument quite close and then your ear should dictate.  The buttons can be easily confused until you are certain which one does what without looking at it. You could find the tuning being done several semi-tones below standard because you inadvertently touched one of the arrow buttons.  The older model has only two little buttons and not as many settings or choices.  And these won't clamp positively to some headstocks due to neck thickness at the nut, spacing between the tuners or the quantity of other things people want to clamp to the headstock.  But if you get it well clamped, it will stay there in the case or in use.
I have a vintage banjo with exquisite inlay and this tuner is almost invisible. It doesn't obscure the pearl inlay and works well as a tuner.
You know, any time a company actually sticks a battery in the box with their product, it just puts a smile on my face. Planet Waves has not only made a great, small, easy to install and easy to use tuner, they included the battery. That's an A+ in my book.I've got a 12-string acoustic guitar. Pretty much every time I go to sit down and play, I would waste a good 5 minutes grabbing my old tuner, balancing it on my knee, and trying to tune up. With this head stock tuner sitting on the guitar, I just turn it on and quickly get in tune and down to the serious business of jamming. It truly makes the task many times easier. The display is easy to read. It's read when the string is way off and green when you're close, using lines on either side of the key/letter to indicate sharp or flat, or right smack dab in tune.If I had the money, I'd stick one of these on all my guitars. As it is, having it on my 12-string is going to save me hassle and time. This baby is worth every penny and I highly recommend it to any guitarist.
This is shown on an electric guitar and it would probably be great there. I play acoustic guitars and the headstocks all angle back it has to attach at the top then it is hard to see the screen. It worked but I don't use it anymore.
I put this on my mandolin.  This does not work as well as some others I have tried, but the other one I was using broke very easily, so I looked for a different, more sturdy design.  This works OK.  Not the greatest, but OK.
Broke one of my Snark tuners when I kept it on a guitar while putting it in the case to take to a gig and decided I needed a tuner I could keep on any guitar while it was in any case.Pros:- Fits on any guitar- ...which then fits in any case- Cheap- AccurateCons:- Calibration button and on/off button are same shape, same size, and on the same tiny surface. Very easy to hit the wrong one.- Not great (poor viewing angle) for 3-on-a-side tuners (works better for 6 in-line tuners)- Not as easy to read as the SnarkOther thoughts:I only use this on a guitar that I play for only one song at shows (because the song requires two capos and a detuned string, don't ask.) I much prefer the Snark, but apparently I can't be bothered to remember to remove a tuner before putting my toys away. Idiot. At shows I rely on a tu-2 stompbox for tuning. Basically, this is a niche tuner. It's so stinking small and that's what counts.
This miniature tuner can be left attached discretely to a guitar headstock while playing. Just remember to turn it off, or the display will prove distracting. During winter when a guitar or mandolin &#34;moves&#34; with changes in humidity, staying in tune is an issue, even for expensive instruments. This little device helps the player deal with the problem without constant recourse to a larger tuner.
item is really convienient. Small, unobtrusive size w/ good illumination for easy reading. I like the swivel design & swivel display that allow you to connect it to whatever side of the headstock you want. Price can't be beat either.
Small... very small and sits right behind the headstock and very easy to see and READ. It is very accurate.  What else can I say except that this is a really great idea and it works!!!
Works very well and is almost hidden on the guitar,  it is one of those things that once you have it the other ones that stick out seem poorly designed.  This one will stay on my guitar the others I always took off once it tune as they look so  awkward
This is another great product by D'Addario - I have used several tuners like the regular Snark (several versions), the Snark S1 Mini Clip (also known as 'Son of a Snark'), the Planet Waves Headstock Tuner, the Peterson SC-1 Strobo Tuner, the Korg HTB-1 and the Q7 Chromatic Headstock Tuner. This D'Addario Micro NS Tuner tops all those with ease. It is super easy to use and more precise than all the others (compared using several tuning computer softwares and the Korg Pitchblack floor pedal on my tests). The rotation feature is great and the visual metronome feature comes very handy, like when programming a delay pedal with more precision. The clip that holds the tuner to the guitar is very good, holds very well to your guitar headstock (doesn't matther the brand) and with stay snug there without damaging your guitar's finish. It is very light and you will hardly know it's there once playing - Highly recommended. Cheers!
I have used many clip-on guitar tuners. They are a wonderful innovation and certainly easier to use than the older rectangular chromatic tuners that do not attach to the instrument. One of my favorites has become the Planet Waves clip on. I have several of them and use them often on many guitars. Based on this experience, I was anticipating a better experience with this new Mini Headstock Tuner than I wound up getting.It tunes nicely and, so far as my ear is concerned, accurately. Others found it awkward to attach - I did not. It is small and unobtrusive but easy to read. Those are not problems. What is wrong is simply the cheap and fragile the construction of the device.This fragility is conspicuous in both the difficulty in removing the battery cover and, more importantly, in the too-delicate manual clamp used to fasten it onto an instrument.The fundamental issue is that in lieu of the spring clips that we used to attach other versions of the Planet Waves tuners to the guitars, this one has a basic manual expand and contract clamp. This clamp is made out of thin plastic, is difficult to adjust and I expect it to break after only a short time. Consequently, I cannot recommend this tuner if the user needs to be moving it from one instrument to the other.If the need is for a tuner that attaches to ONE instrument and will, essentially, live there, it is nice little tuner which remains functionally invisible to all but the player. If you need to move the tuner from instrument to instrument, you would be well advised to spend a few more dollars and stick with the clip-on versions of Planet Waves tuners.November 28,2011 UPDATEHaving used this tuner for a while now, I have found that it has a good purpose. While this tuned does have mobility issues as I initially noted, I have been surprised (and pleased)to realize that they are wonderful 'permanent' tuners for acoustic guitars! They are so small as to be unobtrusive and nearly invisible. I leave them on my 12-strings and one of the 6's. A non-built-in-built-in tuner at this price cannot be beat. Based on this belated realization, I have raised the product rating to 4-stars.
When I got this I thought it was a cheap toy-like thing, but when I put it on my banjo, it perched on the head and was practically invisible to anybody else, but easy to see when I needed it.  It's red when out of tune and green when in tune.  It does have small lines to tell you you are close to being tuned.  I love it when I am the only one using it.  Unlike the clamp kind, like the Snark, it's hard to share.  The clamp seems flimsy and ratchets open and closed and takes a little getting used to, so between my husband and me using it, I'm afraid the thing will break.  I play the banjo and it fits nicely on the head, but my husband has to find a place at the end of his acoustical guitar for it.
This is a decent to good little tuner, but there are some drawbacks to it.  Also, I have the otherPlanet Waves Chromatic Headstock Tunerto compare this one to.  Here are the pros and cons of this tuner as I see them:Pros:- Super compact.  Virtually invisible from the front of the guitar.- Adjustable frequency settings.- Top load battery.  No need to unclip from the headstock to load in a fresh battery.Cons:- Awkward in use when not used on a inline six tuning peg headstock.  I have a Gibson Les Paul and this tuner is awkward to use with it.- Less gradation in setting than other tuners.  The gradiation bars are thicker and fewer in number, giving less of a sense of how close you are to a perfect tuning.Debatable:- Clip mechanism: Not spring loaded.  This means that this unit is really designed to stay clipped to your guitar.- One battery: This unit takes only one battery versus two with the other.When it boils down to it, I prefer my old planet waves tuner.  It seems more accurate to me with the finer gradations (though both units gave roughly the same results when tuning - using both at the same time) and I like the ability to clip it on and off in a hurry.  In fact I can easily recommend that tuner, main drawback is that that one eats batteries)This tuner is more catered to Fender-style headstocks for players that plan on leaving the tuner clipped on.  For those players, bump up this review to 4 or 4 and half stars.  For others, I highly recommend the other planets waves tuner linked to in this review.
I have both this tuner and a Snark for each of my instruments.  Though I am not a professional musician, I find each them to be of equal accuracy.  In fact, the D'Addario's compact size and fit is totally un-noticeable and though its screen is micro in size, it is very clear and viewable denoting flat/sharp notation.  A great choice for the price.
Disclaimers:1. Obtained free as part of Amazon's Vine program2. Tested on 4 ukuleles and one guitarSo, ukulele players: Yes, this tuner is for you.I tested this diminutive tuner on:- Sopranino (Ohana)- Soprano (Pono)- Concert (Kala)- 8-string Tenor (Pono)It's TINY so you can clip it to your favorite uke and leave it there.  It's a bit problematic on the Sopranino, as the tuner geta in the way if you try to clip it to the side, so it need to clip to the top.Tuning is easy.  Just pluck the string and the note letter appears on the screen. If it's red, you're off; if it's green, you're in tune.When you're off, little bars will display by the note letter: left if you're low, right if you're high. Tune in the direction needed until there's one bar on each side of the note and the note's name turns green. Quick and easy.I've compared this little guy to three other chromatic tuners and it's dead accurate.As others have noted, the only concern is around the little plastic latch that holds the tuner to the headstock.  But, it's held together fine so far and I've had it for weeks.
As a musician I'm in search of many perfect things including the perfect tuner.  I got the package of two.  Unfortunately, the first one died a quick and sudden death.  A new battery didn't resurrect it.  I couldn't find the other one, because they're small and black.  I finally did find it, and have used it several weeks on my Guild Acoustic, and it works nicely so far. In fact, it works really nice.  If you are concerned about stage appearance, this is virtually invisible to anyone watching or videotaping the gig, a plus because it's pretty small but big enough to read.  At the cheap price, it wasn't worth my time to try returning the first one.  I just decided to eat the loss.  I'm crossing my  fingers hoping this one will last.  If you are playing a really nice, (collectible) guitar, be cautious because these tuners, (and capos too,) can damage the finish permanently. I use a tuner on my Gibson Johnny Smith while I play but always take it off when I'm done playing.
I wanted to use this thing for a while, before I reviewed it (I now own five of them).  When I compare it head to head (so to speak) with other tuners, even the ones built into my Ovation guitars, I find that this one has a little higher resolution.  That is, when the others say I'm good, this one says "no, you need to go one tick more".  That's not saying that it's inaccurate, it's saying that this one seems to dial you in just a little bit tighter than the others, but it still does it very quickly.  Since I never take it off of the guitar, I went ahead and trimmed off the little tabs on the front of the clamping mechanism, making it even more unobtrusive.  You can barely tell it's there from the front.
The NS Mini chromatic headstock tuner quickly recognized twelve pitches across a multi-octave range of electric bass, guitar and mandolin. The accidentals appear as sharps or flats toggled using the alternate functions of the frequency button.The tuner's view window is slightly larger than a Chiclet but brightness and resolution are fine for dimly-lit spaces.  One thing that's less than ideal is the charcoal color of the tuner itself. If you've ever dropped stuff on dark stages you know what I mean. I'd wager the back of most headstocks skew to lighter tones than darker, so if discretion is what the manufacturer is emphasizing, a lighter color may work better.The notes appear red when out of tune; their color changes to green as a `rough marker'.  You then continue fine tuning using the vertical bars that appear on both sides of the note.  They've gone to lengths to make the tuner stage-friendly, but I'd much prefer the green color mean ` fine tuned and done'.  That way I can look from a distance. I should only have to bother with the bars if I'm struggling to home in (and in my experience that's the exception rather than the rule and usually caused by: new strings, slack under the bridge pins, a slipping tuner, etc.  Mid-life strings tend to stretch and loosen predictably, so long as you don't use a lot of altered tunings.The NS is designed to be clipped discretely to your instrument headstock and viewed from the back. I'm a lefty and, unlike some other tuners, I appreciate the swiveling base that allows me to view the screen right-side up.The viewer doesn't extend far above the headstock surface and felt a bit cramped on my L4 with large New Yorker-style tuners.  On headstocks with more bare wood like a Strat, or even my A-style mandolin, it was easier to find a comfortable spot for viewing that didn't obstruct my hand while turning keys.At first I didn't like the ratchet clamp that attaches to the headstock. I could attach the tuner with one hand by squeezing the clamp tight but it felt like I needed two to remove it: one to press the release and another to pull the clamp out. After a little practice, however, I found this wasn't the case and the touch required isn't difficult at all.The tuner's constructed in a high-impact composite, similar to those parachute-style clamps you see on backpacks. It feels durable and very unlikely to break, although I didn't try stomping on it.I was impressed the battery comes uninstalled in a separate small bag.  The battery door has a concave slot for easy opening with a pick or a coin. The tuner has an auto-shutoff function to preserve battery life.The power and frequency buttons are just nibs really; I'd prefer they be larger with more surface and a bit of click to them. The tuner can be calibrated in integer steps from 430 to 450 if 440 doesn't work for you.One advantage of a chromatic tuner is you can tune to a chord and aren't limited to (usually) diatonic open strings.  For myself, I only use tuners to set the pitch of one string, usually the low A for guitar or bass and low G for mandolin. In my opinion, tuning a fretted instrument completely by open strings is only slightly better than tuning it completely with harmonics - and neither does the job well. Intonation is subject to a bunch of variables: string action and thickness, neck relief, fret condition, nut and bridge condition.Once I have a single string to pitch I match fretted and open string unisons and octaves. After a while you learn which combination works best for each instrument.I used to love staring at those Pignose-sized 'strob-a-tuners' sitting on amps and never faulted a musician who took their time to tune accurately (I wish many more did). I'm not quite sure how we went from, 'We tune because we care' to 'I'm so embarrassed to be standing here tuning I hope no one notices', but the NS Mini Headstock tuner - questionable design choices and all - does what it says with a minimum of fuss.
I want to like this more but it's not as good as my other tuners. Tuning calibration on the meter seems skittering to me making it a little difficult and not. As easy as the little round ones from Snark. I like those better and they're cheaper.
I have bought several small tuners through the years, but this one has become a favorite. It is Tiny, but the screen is well lit and quite legible. It fits the headstock by pressing the ratcheted clip and releases by a small button on the front. There is a metronome function, which I haven't used. Simply strike a string. If it is out of tune you get a red light with flat or sharp bars. When the key is in tune, you will see a green indicator light and 1 bar on each side. I don't know how dependable and how long it will last since I have only had the two for about a month.
I have another headstock tuner that I've had for awhile.  This Planet Waves PW is about the half the size and works just as well.  The clamp that holds the tuner to the headstock is a little flaky, but the tuner works like a champ.  Nicely backlite for those low lighting conditions.  Compared to my other tuner, it's rigt on the money.  The other plus is that since it small and my guitar case has a little wiggle room, I don't have to take the tuner off.
This little tuner is sweet! I put it on my strat-style guitar and it works brilliantly. Agree with another reviewer in that it would probably not work well on my Les Paul or Acoustics, but for the 6-in line guitars it's perfect. It is very precise and accurate, leading you to perfect tuning every use. I totally recommend this product - you won't be dissappointed.
I Normally use my KORG foot-switch tuner for my guitar and basses... this guy really had me believing in small-vibration-tuning.Three key words for this: Accurate + Small + InBeat!
Ok, this is great for many reasons as most review will tell you and I have had no problems.  Cons: Minor one would be, that when mounted, the face of the tuner doesn't exactly face your eyes, you have to move your guitar a bit to aim it towards you. But the biggest CON is.... it's pretty much worthless at  a bright daylight gig. In sunlight, its TOO dim! ha ha!  At home or at a night gig its fine. Daylight? Forget it.
Compared to the SnarkSnark SN-1 Tunertuners, I really like the low profile / leave it on the instrument design of this tuner. The Snark goose neck is easily broken, and hard to keep safe in a gig bag. This works much better in that regard. This one is fairly bright and easy to see in all lighting conditions. It mounts very positively and seems to sense all strings fine.  Tuning accuracy? Hard to say- it just indicates high / low / on pitch, really. I prefer the more precise and wider scale +/1 readout of the Snark. They are much more precise- nearly good enough to intonate an instrument. But this is probably good enough for most, just to get dialed in at the rehearsal or gig.The negatives, and why I can't recommend it are as follows. The battery cover on mine fits very loosely. I worry the battery will fall out very easily. I may end up gluing it in place. It isn't immediately obvious where the battery goes or how to open it, and there's no indicator which way the battery goes in (+ is up I think).  The second fault is that once it is on your headstock the string note letters display perpendicular to the user- that's right, sideways.  On a bass, I don't really need it to tell me which string I'm plucking or tuning, but I still find myself craning my neck sideways to read it. It wouldn't be so hard to read either if the letters weren't so highly stylized, but then turn it on its side, and it is just unreadable - for me, anyhow. I just can't for the life of me work out why they designed it this way.
OK - I like this one a lot.  It stays on the instrument and allows for a quick tune up at anytime.  It is accurate, easy to see and use and does not get in the way while playing.  It sure beats the other units I have used where you clamp on some weird thing, tune up and then stash back in your gig bag.This one is... bing! - on, tune and back to playing.  It weighs next to nothing so you do not even notice it unless you are tuning up.
First, I've noticed that many reviews here are for the "original" NS tuner, the one with only two buttons and "coin slot" battery cover. This one is a little smaller, has a metronome flasher, and the battery installs differently, but the name/model evidently didn't change.  I compared this new one, the "original", and the latest Snark on dreadnought guitar, mandolin, and 5-string banjo.Pros: Size, size, and SIZE!!Reasonably accurateMounting clip better than beforeGood priceMetronome flasher maybe for some?Cons:  Display not as bright as othersContrary to their description, this one seems less sensitive than original.Battery compartment difficult to openMay not fit well on some headstocks. On my wife's A style mandolin it fits but barely. On my slothead guitar it alsobarely fits.  That being said, I haven't found anything I can't use it on.My take.... The Snark was the better of the three in terms of accuracy, lock in speed, and visibility however I really dislike the "eyeball on a stick" form factor and refuse to use it on stage!  I like the fact that the NS is unobtrusive and can be left on the instrument, I even in leave 'em on in the case. The display and lock in speed of the original NS was better than the new one but the new one seems a bit more accurate for me. I'll keep the new NS tuners for now and hope that D'Adarrio (or someone) improves on it with a better processor and LED.
I've been playing guitar more than 35 years and have used a lot of electronic tuners.  The first was slightly larger than a paperback book and cost what a cheap guitar sells for today.  But it was a godsend tuning up backstage while another band was playing.  Over the years tuners have gotten smaller, cheaper, and easier to use.  The Planet Waves PW-CT-12 is my new favorite.It is very small - a little bit larger than a grape.  Despite some of the other reviews I have used it with good results on a Strat, Tele, Les Paul, and ES-335 electrics and on acoustics from Martin, Gibson, National Resophonic, and Voyage Air.  I clamp it on the headstock between the nut and the low-E tuner.  I didn't expect it but it is out of the way enough to leave on while playing.  Previous to this my favorite tuner was a chromatic ukulele tuner built to clamp on the top of the headstock.  Small and accurate but to use it behind the headstock I have to read it upside down.  The PW-CT-12 is nicely out of the way even when I play an F chord with my thumb on the low E string.  It's so light I don't notice it's there.The display is bright and easy to see in most light.  A bit hard to read in direct sunlight but I do my best to avoid playing without shade anyway.  The display is small - a dime can cover most of it - but the characters are large enough to read in normal playing position.  The '#' sharp symbol is small but once you are familiar with the display you recognize it.  (No flat symbol.  Bb is displayed as A#.)  The tuner has auto shutoff to make the battery last longer.  The display uses bars to the side of the note letter and color to indicate tuning.  It's red until you get close then green with a bar on each side when you are in tune (for example, |E|).  I found it to be stable enough to be easy to use for quick tune ups between songs.These are inexpensive and intended to be discrete so the clamp is small and thin.  Rough handling will probably break it.  I notice that the clamp is easily removed so I'm guessing Planet Waves may sell replacements.  The clamp was not intuitive the first time but the instructions do cover it.  It is a ratchet rather than a clamp.  You press a small tab and gently pull the clamp out then push it down on the guitar neck.  For this reason this is not a tuner to pass around.  It's meant to be left on an instrument.  (It's small enough that you can leave it on in the case.)  If you need a tuner that is moved frequently there are better (and larger) choices.  It can be moved but it is a good tuner to set and forget.  I'm going to buy a couple more to leave on my most frequently used guitars.Other reviewers commented on accuracy.  If you want strobe accuracy there are better choices.  For that kind of accuracy you also need a larger display.  This tuner will get you close quickly and you can use your ears to fine tune if necessary.  I haven't had a problem except with guitars that have built-in intonation problems (like old Nationals) and they need tweaking even after a Peterson Strobe.Soapbox: especially if you are a new player, do yourself a favor and learn to tune your guitar by ear!  Try tuning the strings to a reference pitch or each other then use the tuner to check.  Learning to tune by ear will help you in more ways than I have time to list.  Being able to hear the intervals in a chord and know which string is off is an invaluable skill.  People that can only tune with a tuner will take much longer to develop that, if ever.
I thought to try this tuner after my gig bag decided to break my Snark SN-2's neck (fragile plastic socket of the ball & socket joint bent with stress). Functionally, I prefer the SN-2, which seems to do slightly more sample averaging while remaining responsive, displaying less &#34;bounciness.&#34; I also prefer the SN-2 display. However, there's *a lot* to be said about the small form factor, which I can leave on the headstock without risk of damage. Now I keep an NS on each of the mandolins that travel with me and I keep a Snark clipped to the music stand at home.
It stays out of the way on my guitar, however, be aware that the mounting tab gets a little loose.  I am going to try glue to keep it holding its grip.
I bought this tuner for my mandolin.  I have to play a little louder than I'd like for the tuner to hear me.  The display is not as nice or easy to interact with as some tuning displays I've seen.  But it's so small that I never have to take it off, and it's doing its job well.  I'm pretty fond of this little guy.
The Planet Waves tuner works effectively on acoustic and electric guitars, using the instruments vibrations to read pitch.  The tuner seems to be reasonably accurate, is lightweight, and is easy to read without being obtrusive to the audience.  It is also nice that such an inexpensive and small tuner can be adjusted to standards on either side of A-440.  Note that the photo of the tuner shows it on the headstock of a Fender-style electric guitar.  It works particularly well on the instrument shown because of the fact that the tuners are all on the same side of the headstock.  On something like a Gibson jazz guitar (ES-175, or one of the Epiphone or Ibanez clones, for example) it's more difficult to find an ideal place to attach the tuner.  Classical and acoustic steel-string guitars are also a tad problematic, too.  It's not that this tuner is unusable on other types of headstocks, it's just that the design limits where you can place it and still have it readable right-side up.  Some headstocks, too, may be too thick in order to attach this tuner.  As long as it fits on your guitar, the Planet Waves tuner is highly recommended.
I primarily play live and I am a tone-o-holic. In other words, I use high end pedals, cables, amps and pickups and try to keep as little as possibel between my guitar and amp. I bought a couple of these so I could have one on both my main and backup guitar. No more need for a pedal based tuner. These work that well and are almost undetectable from the front. They also won't mark up your prized instrument.
This tuner is tiny and works as advertised to tune my guitar, bass and banjo.  I have tested it against other, older and larger tuners and all tune to the same accuracy, which is very good.I docked it one star because the screen doesn't stay on (in my opinion) long enough when I am trying to tune a string.  When I pick a string, the screen flashed for a brief second with the tuning information and then goes blank.  It works, but I find other tuners easier to use that have screens that stay on longer with each pick.Perhaps a more experienced guitar play may only need that brief flash of tuning information to tune a screen, but for me I find it easier to have the tuning information displayed longer.Also this tuner is tiny.  I can leave it on my instrument when I put the instrument in a case, no problem at all.  The flip side of this is that the screen is tiny too.  Really tiny...almost hard to read tiny.  You need to decide if this tiny size is an advantage or disadvantage for you.
This guy is great if you want to mount it on your guitar without a big clip-on gizmo that people see easily. Downside is that it is so small it's hard to tell what button you are pushing and it's not terribly easy to turn off and on (Do I push again? Push and hold?). Also, the screen to read if you are in tune is so small that sometimes judging how close you are to being in tune is hard. This being said, it's a nice tuner and stays on. Also, I should point out that while it does clip on, it's not as easy to move from one instrument to the other as some other tuners.
One was Dead on Arrival, the other one works like a champ. I like the old version more. These are a little tricky to mount but do track well, and are not obnoxious looking like the Snark tuners.
The device itself is difficult to read in bright light.My first one arrived not working at all.The second one arrived with a low battery. What? After three days the battery goes out.I would have returned it, but lost it because it doesn't adhere to the headstock very well. You've been warned.
I have had plenty of these.  Lots just snap apart in the back, or don't even work properly when you try and tune them.  This one is spectacular.  It is real accurate, snaps on to the headstock perfectly.  Best I've ever found so far in a tuner.
I bought the two pack and I've found them both to be a bit finicky. Sometimes they turn on right away and other times you have to click the button a couple times to get it to light up. When they're on and working they work well and I like the small size and tight profile against the headstock, I just wish they were a little more reliable.
I purchased a couple sets of these to try them out.  They are small and unobtrusive digital tuners which can be left attached for easily keeping your instrument in tune.  They seem slower to lock then my Snark tuners, and the visual scale is not as precise, but they do seem to work fairly well.  The ratcheting mechanism holds tightly on my guitars, and they can be stored in the case attached.  Its nice having a tuner right there at the ready whenever you need it.UPDATE:  Downgrading my rating by 1 star.  Having used four NS MicroTuners for a couple of weeks, on four different instruments, I have to say that, in comparison to my Snark tuners, the NS Micro Tuner is slow to lock, and difficult to tune precisely.  With the Snark (any of them...I have several models) I can usually pluck a string once and tune the string in seconds.  With the NS Microtuners, I have to repeatedly pluck a string, and the tuner is slow to display the adjustment.  Sometimes I have to pluck a string several times before the NS Microtuner acknowledges a string has been played at all!  It is also very difficult to get the tuning precisely on target. |E| would be a perfectly tuned "E", but one of the side indicators is always flickering and getting it perfect takes patience and repeated effort.  I still like having them clipped to an instrument for a quick check, but when I want to be precise (and fast) I always reach for the Snark.
Seems like it draws current, even when it's OFF. I have two guitars, and this thing stays with one guitar. I make sure to turn this tuner OFF before putting the guitar away, and when I get around to playing the guitar again (7 to 10 days later), the battery is already drained. This happened at least three times already. The tuning is slightly off from an inline tuner that I have to compare against. I don't know which one is more accurate. The good thing is it's very convenient to have almost instant reading when you need it. I probably won't buy again for my other (and future) guitars.

Great product. Accurate, small, functional, inexpensive, better battery life to previous generations, very good quality, adapts easily to any type of guitar heads.
I tried this after I lost my planet waves ns design mini tuner. Not sure if I lost it at a gig, or my three-year-old son got his hands on it, I'd bet the latter.This micro tuner is smaller and lessobtrusive than the mini, which is nice. That's about the only Pro. There are a few other features I guess, like being able to select the instrument used, but I don't need that.Cons: The readout is smaller, duh, but does not seem to be as bright. I play a lot of outdoor weddings, in bright sun, and this one is much harder to read than the mini.This micro tuner does not seem to tune as responsively as the mini. As you move closer to In tune, the bars do not smoothly move towards the center, so it's easy to over or under tune, and can take a few more seconds then the mini to get the job done. And those seconds can count when a bride is waiting for you to play her song to walk down the aisle and you're trying to get your tuning absolutely perfect. I'm also trying to tune my semi-acoustic guitar as quietly as possible, so using my ear for fine tuning is not a viable option.Does it get the job done? Yes. But there is a product that's almost the same size that works a little better, for a negligible price difference. It might even be cheaper. If you're a beginner and want to select the instrument you're tuning and a few extra seconds isn't an issue, or you play in dark environments and don't need a super bright readout, this will be fine, but I will be going with the mini when I buy a new one.
Update:  We received a replacement for this item. It does everything it was advertised to do, and it performs quite well, although the clip on the new one doesn't grip as well as the first.  The device tunes within 6/10ths cent as compared to a stroboscopic piano tuner. Our thanks to D'Addario for their assistance in satisfying this customer!Please check our reviews.  We review regularly, and rarely have anything poor to say about products.Unfortunately, we cannot remain positive with this device.  Our small band keeps an average of 8 instrument tuners at the ready.  We have several NS1 models that work flawlessly, as well as TG-200 models that we really like.This one seems to consume coin-cell batteries at an unacceptable rate.  On average, it 'eats' a battery a day.  It also has a much darker display, making it hard to read unless the stage is quite dark.  One would think that if the display were darker, less power would be drawn from the battery.  Average room lighting is too bright to use this tuner.We do like the ability to rotate the display, so that the tuner can be mounted in front or behind the headstock, with the display maintaining proper orientation. Unfortunately the poor performance means that this unit will find its way into the junk-drawer on the workbench.
I own several small tuners, including the Enote nano tuner and the Snark. In comparison to those, I would say its most like the Enote when it comes to size, but definitely more accurate and responsive.  In comparison to the Snark, its not as quick to respond but still does an adequate job tuning.  Its a great size and fits nicely in the pocket of a gig bag and isnt quite as large as the Snark. Anyway, it all comes down to preference I suppose.  I would recommend it.
Use this on my Taylor acoustic-electric which does not have a built in tuner.  Love it - it hides very nicely on the headstock - your audience won't even see it.  What else can I say - it's accurate, it works, it clamps on really neatly & securely, it's a great price, it has not marred the finish on my Taylor's headstock in any way, etc....  I'd recommend for all your guitars which do not already include a built-in tuner.  Would definitely buy again !!!These are so cool that everyone should have at least one of these even if you don't need one  :)  !!!
Yes!  I finally have a tuner that fits right on my guitar headstock!  It never needs to be removed!  It's accurate.  It's easy to use.  It's low-profile.  Highly recommended.
I'll be upfront and honest right away and say that I'm not the biggest fan of headstock tuners.  I love the idea, but usually I feel the execution leaves a bit to be desired.  But when this popped up on my Vine newsletter I thought I'd give it a go and see if this one fixed any of the things I don't like about the other ones (*COUGH*snark*COUGH*).A little background first, I guess.  I've been playing guitar for the last 9 years, and I currently have two other tuners.  I have a little Korg plug in type,  where you can have it pick up your signal with an instrument cable or just use the microphone on the front to tune up.  I also have a Boss TU-3 pedal tuner.  If I'm jamming with friends or playing a show, the TU-3 is what I'll use to stay in tune.  Its very durable and accurate, and I like how I can step on it to engage both the tuner and cut out my guitar signal, so I can tune in silence and not annoy my friends and/or the audience.  For home practice I use the Korg, as I usually tune up before I start playing, then just plug into my practice amp and blast away.  The Korg is nice and accurate, easy enough to use for alternate tunings, and in 9 years of having it around (including in and out of jam sessions before buying the TU-3) I've only had to buy one replacement.I first saw a headstock tuner a year ago when a friend went to get an electronic tuner and the guy at the guitar store talked him into that blue Snark that everyone seems to have these days.  He was not incredibly pleased with it.  Not only was it somewhat garish to have a big blue ball sitting on your headstock, it seemed kinda flimsy to me and it wasn't exatly easy to tune up with it.  While I thought the idea of having a tuner that worked off the resonation of your guitar would be cool, it seemed like the design had a bit of a ways to go before it was something I'd want on my headstock.Enter this Mini Headstock Tuner by Planet Waves.  Does it fix the problems that made the Snark so unappealing to my friend and me?1.  Accuracy:  It does seem to tune accurately, that's a good thing, and it already puts this ahead of the Snark.  Its not easy to use for alternate tunings however, so do keep that in mind.  Also, the letters take some getting used to, as they use that kind of chunky LCD block style that you find on some DVD players.  Not a huge complaint, but it isn't as idiot proof as my Korg or TU-3.2.  Looks/Ease Of Use:  It's quite a bit more subtle than the Snark, able to hide behind your headstock, which is quite preferable to having a blue ball sitting on the end of your guitar.  The only problem with it hiding behind the back of your headstock is if you have a Les Paul style headstock where you have three tuners on each side, you may have trouble finding a spot where the tuner actually fits and can be seen.  My LP copy has the larger Grover tuners so my only choice is on the very end of the headstock.  I wear my guitar fairly low, so I was able find an area where I can see it from the top down, but those who sling it a bit higher might be outta luck.  Those with Fender style headstocks should have no problem, though, it'll work great for them.  Also, it is plenty bright, so seeing it well enough is not going to be an issue.3.  Durability:  This is where the main drawback to these types of tuners are.  The Snark is very easy to break, as it rests on a small ball joint.  This Planet Waves mini isn't going to lose its head too easy, but the ratcheting clip is made of plastic and I don't expect it to hold up under too much use.  The tuner itself is made of fairly light duty plastic too, so as nice as it would be to keep this in your pocket on the way to a jam session, I still think it would be easy enough to break.  I haven't had it long enough for this to happen yet, so I can only give you my initial impressions.  Let's just say this, I'd never gig with this guy as my only tuner.  Its obviously not going to be rugged enough for that type of use.All in all, it is a better headstock choice than the Snark.  However, headstock tuners as a whole still have a ways to go before they're gonna work for everyone.  Anyone who gigs often would be better off getting some kind of pedal tuner (I personally suggest a Boss TU-2 or TU-3 or a Korg Pitchblack).  I know they're more expensive, but you'll be happier off in the long run.  Those looking for a convenient way to tune up between songs during a jam session, this is a nice option.  But it may not hold up forever.I'll probably stick to my TU-3 and my Korg plug in, but as headstock tuners go, this is nicer than most.
This little tuner is excellent. Very accurate. I love it. I have other tuners but this one is the best. I didn't realize it was so small. I was concerned when I first open the package because of it's size. But this mini tuner is just plain amazing. I'm glad I bought it.
This tuner is tiny and accurate. Initially, the instructions were somewhat puzzling to me because there were no diagrams next to the instructions. For example, the instructions read, "Press the tuner's release lever to open the tuners ratchet clamp." Uh, ok. I had to play around with the tuner to figure out how the lever and ratchet clamp worked. After I figured it out, I'd have to say that I don't like this mechanism. I prefer the ease of the spring loaded clamp. But I do like the rotation of the display. As for tuning, I had difficulty tuning the low E string on my travel-sized guitar. As a previous reviewer mentioned, the display jumps around a lot even with the "tip" of plucking the string with a light to moderate stroke. For my full-sized guitar, the tuning was easier, but I had some difficulty on the low E string. Tuning my concert ukulele was relatively easy except for tuning the E string again proved to be more effort. Just for fun, I tuned a full-sized cello with great results, but there was no easy way to clamp the tuner on. Another experiment I ran was checking out the tuner in a room with another instrument playing. After tuning the instruments, I checked the tuning against another tuner and the mini tuner was spot on. Although concealing the tuner from my audience isn't a concern of mine, I would definitely recommend this tuner to someone with that concern. Otherwise, the clamping mechanism is more of an issue for me.
After years of having a large, awkward tuner I was thrilled to learn about this modest little clip on. So much more discreet to do a little last minute tune up when you're already on the stage.I love that the lights are bright and easy to see, unlike one previous tuner I had that was very hard to read. Dark grey letters on a light grey screen. Even better is that the light colors are different for flat, sharp and on-tune which makes it even easier. May not seem like a big deal when you're tuning alone at your house, but when you're on a stage with other people doing a lot of last minute adjustments and your attention is all over the place, those little details really help.The only real drawback I see in the design is that there is no place on the head of my 6 string acoustic where I can conveniently clip this without it being somewhat in the way of the tuning knobs. Not impossible, but not terribly convenient, either. It was seemingly designed with an electric style in mind where the knobs are more often in one straight line than on either side of the guitar head.The $80 tuner I bought 20 years ago is a Sabine, and quite frankly, 20 years later it still works as well as it did when I bought it. In fact, the price has come down and I bought another one to keep in a different guitar case. Now that I have this one I still use the Sabine more at home, but like this one better on stage because it's low profile. Looks more professional and I like that.
This unit is very small and tucks away nicely.  It is easy to use.  I do wish they would make the bracket a little stronger but it works well.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Very Nice!!
First it tunes very accurately. Second its low profile, I keep it tucked under the head stock, the crowd can't really see and I it is completely usable if I need to quickly tune during the set and my ears aren't cutting it.  Third, buy it if you are looking for a new tuner.
I really like this tuner.  I have always liked the Planet Waves tuners for ease of use and accuracy.  This mini tuner takes all I like about the larger Planet Waves model and makes it ultra compact.  It fits nicely on smaller intstruments such as mandolin and any instrument with headstocks that don't readily accept the larger tuners (banjo, Telecaster etc.).  I currently have 2 of these and find them very reliable and accurate.  Easy to read.  Easy to see.Another winner from Planet Waves.  (almost forgot to mention one other thing that is nice about this tuner is its stealth ... it can hide behind the headstock so you won't be concerned with it being always clipped on and it won't interfere with the look of your instrument).
Cool little digital tuner  that works great on my ukulele. Small and unobtrusive, unlike my other digital tuners.  I like the backlit display with simple markings that make easy to tell if you are in tune with a quick glance.  Highly recommended.
Very cool little product for those of us who cannot tune by ear yet and don't want to wander around looking for our tuner that we can never find.
I ordered this because I have an Ovation, and none of the clip on tuners were able to get a good grip on that kind of headstock.Due to the small size and adjustable clip, this tuner fit perfectly, and well out of the way. It took me a few tries to get used to pushing up on the ON/OFF button, but no problem now.As a tuner, I really like it. The small green screen is easy to read in low or regular light (haven't tried it in bright light yet), the bars for fine tuning are pretty stable, and it did a great job in a noisy gig, where I changed tunings about 10 times during the evening.
This is a product that is unique, tiny and would be very useful-- if it were more accurate.  The problem is it's just not responsive enough.  To get it to work one has to place it low on the headpiece (next to the nut) and strum a string pretty loud for a consistent register.  Placing it at the top of the headpiece it simply doesn't pick up enough string vibration to register well.The problem with placing it next to the nut is that it then makes it impossible to hang the guitar on a wall-mount guitar hanger.  That may seem like a small issue... but not if you use such a device regularly (as many home-players do).  Myself, I have 5 guitars hanging on my living room wall.That doesn't make this valueless.  You can always clip it on the top of the headpiece and then move it when you're ready to tune.  Thus I give it 3 stars.  However there are other more responsive tuners, such as the capo-tuners we've seen on Amazon lately.  They're about the same price (actually, the capo tuners are a bit less-expensive) but I've found the capo-tuners to be considerably more responsive.So bottom line, I'm not impressed.  These aren't an expensive tuner comparatively speaking, and that's good.  But they' really don't do all that great a job.  They're unresponsive enough that I honestly think a person might break a string before realizing the tuner isn't responding to the current string pluck.Note to Ovation guitar players:  this is not the clip-on tuner for you.  There's simply no place to clip it.  Fortunately my Ovation has built-in tuning, but if you have an Ovation Acoustic, you'll want a different tuner.
I just put thePlanet Waves PW-CT-12 NS Mini Headstock Tuneron my Stratocaster last night. It replaces several other tuners I have been using that hung off the headstock and tended to come loose and fall off or had to be constantly re-secured and positioned (and removed/re-attached when I transferred my guitar to/from the case). The mini takes care of all those problems -- I attached it between the low E and A string tuners, inner facing with the display rotated to face me. It is sensitive and accurate. The display is quite readable, even without glasses and features a color change to green when near or in tune. There are fine tuning bars on either side of the note indicator so you know when you are right on. I can leave it attached when I case my guitar which is a huge plus. The battery is top loading so I don't even have to remove it to change the battery, which probably won't be for a while since it has an effective auto-shutoff function (as opposed to other tuners I've used that are supposed to shut-off when no audio energy present but don't and kill the battery). Also the display is smaller and as such, probably requires less power to operate which translates to longer battery life. It can be turned on (or manually turned off) with a simple touch of an easily palpated power button. The frequency is adjustable +/- 10 hz from 440 if you need that for some reason. It uses a clip to attach via friction, which is adjustable and the clip is padded so it won't scratch the finish of the headstock. I am so happy with this tuner I am buying TWO MORE immediately, one for my Breedlove acoustic, another to keep as a spare. Every once in a while I happen across products designed to fill a specific niche that fill their designated need perfectly and this is one of them.
Beware! This tuner works by guitar vibration. If your playing loud with other people you'll have to ask them to stop playing so you can tune. Not recommended for band environments. Probably ok for solo gigs or home practice. Otherwise its very stealth and easily clips on most guitars.
