This is one of many Behringer pedals that offer a unique, stand-alone sound. The chorus effects are well known, and even included on many amps, and featured on almost every multi-effects pedal. I like the individual pedals because I can add in just what I want instead of relying on someone else's idea in a pre-set. This Chorus is just about right. It has a range of sounds for different situations, and is very reliable and well made. There is no problem with the B. tough plastic cases. If you want a metal housing, it's for some sentimental reason, thinking that metal is automatically better or more durable than plastic. You just need to push the off on switch, not bat baseballs.
The chorus effect is a little weak. I use it now to get sort of a leslie effect. Clean the effect is a little weak. The adjustment knobs don't seem to do much either.
First let me say im using this for a BASS (at least for this review) and nothing else. That said I LOVEBehringer products that I own. This guy was really cheap and actually the "chorus" part is weak...as comparedwith other chorus' I have such as (ART,ZOOM,PEAVEY,LINE-6,Gibson) Or we could say in a more positive phrase"very subtle" . The "stereo" effect for me was non-existant BUT realize I bought this item over buying a normalABY switch. Doing so saved me a bundle but in the long run I will pay for it. There is a high cycle hum in the background(which almost ALL chorus units end up having). But I can say it did the job as far as splitting a signal into 2 amplifierheads and doesnt seem to have a problem with the signal being delivered. *note* if you plan on using a 9volt dc adapteryou have laying around in yer gear/scrap bucket think again----wont work ...I tried 4 different 9volt dc adapters to no avail.all that said I still gota give the item its due.Negatives: the unit is made out of plastic and you will have to take it easy when engaging on/off. I had to take mine apart becausethe "chorus" wouldnt trigger "on" . It was due to the fact it just has a small strip of rubber that is supposed to engage with the buttonswitch on the electronics board . you may have to put something behind it or replace it.
I love this pedal! That said I would like to address some of the reviews I see on here. I have been playing guitar since I was 14 years old. I am now 57 so I have a few years of experience. First you guys who complain about the plastic housing. Are you jumping up and down on your effects pedals? If you are stop doing it. All you have to do is gently step on the switch and it works. The plastic housing is extremely strong and won't bust when used properly. The next thing I would like to address is the battery running down &#34;even when it's turned off&#34;. Every effects pedal I ever owned would run the battery down if you leave your guitar plugged in when not playing it. Get a one spot adapter and a daisy chain. It will save you a fortune. The ones saying the sound sucked, buy something besides a $50 amp, and learn where to put the chorus in the pedal chain. Thi is a good pedal and I've used it on stage for 2 years without a problem. That means I have spent about $11 a year for a pedal that has earned me Thousands! Buy one, learn how to use it and you'll be happy.
First Behringer pedal I have returned. Almost no effect provided by pedal. I have returned the unit. Not worth it. Lousy pedal.
hey rockers!!!  DON'T HESITATE BUY IT bEHRINGER IS A GREAT EFFECT IT IS MADE IN GERMANY ,, THAT SHOULD EXPLAIN ITS ENGINEERING ,, THE ONLY BAD THING IS THAT IS PLASTIC,, BUT DON'T LET THAT FULL UR EAR!!! THE effects put out same as some of the older brands ,,, i trust Behringer , i get more in tone and sound then what i payed for 100%,,,, this chorus is a wonderful effect and has a lot of color to the tone this effect is made well with thought behind it ,, and versatility as well... i say buy it. iv been using all kinds of brand effects ,, and at the end of the day like everything else you pay for the name,, and some times what u get may not value its name ,, that's why behringer proves that with its effects ..
It's obviously modeling the boss super chorus but still sounds almost as good just not as clear
I am user that likes behringer products. I know is plastic but ... Com on! It's just $25.What you should know about this pedal? It's like the BOSS CH-1 but a plastic version (a durable one by the way).
I like Behringer pedals so I may be bias but this pedal really adds to my sound. I really helps with pick up
