Every midi usb converter on amazon below 50 bucks seemed sketchy, but I tried this one with my Casio keyboard. Works on Logic and Garageband, however whenever I try to use modulation or pitch bend, it creates a actual note on my Mac and won't stop unless you quit the program. Be wary.
Great price but unfortunately this product didn't work for me. Fortunately I had no problem returning it for a full refund so overall I'm happy with the results.
This works in some applications, but doesn't work in many others. Even when detected by the software, it will not work with Line 6 equipment. Too bad, because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop.
I tried with with my Macbook Pro with both Mountain Lion and Mavericks. Also with my Win7 x64 machine. I tried it with a variety of MIDI capable gear including trying to update firmware on FX hardware, sending and receiving MIDI PC and MIDI CC, as well as transmitting MIDI Clock in and out. I simply couldn't get this to work most of the time. Active Sense used on most Roland products seems to kill it completely.In contrast I purchased the -MU's Xmidi 1x1 Tab and it works flawlessly and without issue every time I use it.I should have totally returned this product. Instead it's in a landfill.
I bought one of these a couple of years ago. I used it to connect my Behringer BCR2000 (in MIDI mode, naturally!) to my computer for mixing duties in REAPER. It worked with no issues and I had zero complaints.A few weeks ago it stopped working (I had bent the USB connector and so I thought that was the culprit) so I bought another.The replacement arrived and installed with no issues, but I'm still having trouble getting it to send MIDI data into the computer. MIDI out of the computer to the Behringer is fine. I'm not sure if this is due to the adapter or some funky Windows update that's happened lately, but it's certainly not ideal! :(In my haste, having seen it install OK but without trying to actually use it, I discarded the packaging. Unfortunately the replacement is displaying the same symptoms as the first unit, so now it looks like I'm stuck with two possibly-broken USB / MIDI interfaces. I have reinstalled Windows, tried both with another computer, uninstalled and reinstalled the drivers, all kinds of good stuff and I still can't get either of them to send MIDI data into the computer. I was v-e-r-y close to throwing my Behringer unit away as I thought it was broken too!Thankfully I tried an old Yamaha interface and it is OK. This means I just need to get and buy some MIDI cables and I'll be back in business.So, I'd say buy one of these, and make sure it works before you throw your packaging away! When they work they're absolutely great and they're SO cheap! If you receive a lemon, return it and order another. It's worth it if you're not in a hurry. If you *are* in  a hurry then order a few of them, or just get something else.I'd also like to advise people that reports of MIDI latency with these devices is quite probably a misnomer. I strongly suspect that the speed of transferring MIDI data into your computer through this device is much faster than you think, and the actual latency you're experiencing is that of converting your MIDI data into audio. This happens inside your computer and has **nothing** to do with this device's performance; it's purely down to your hardware and software configurations. All this talk of ASIO is only really going to help you on the audio side of things. If you're using this device to record MIDI data then you should have no issues at all... as long as you get one that works! :-)Cheers.
The cable came in the time it was promised. It worked immediately upon installing it on my Yamaha keyboard to my windows7 computer. My music program had no problem detecting it and using it.
When I plugged this into my computer and keyboard, it said one MIDI device detected, but I was not getting sounds from my piano onto my computer. I simple took the MIDI in and the MIDI out and switched them, and the problem was instantly solved. If your MIDI is not working right, try what I did, switching the cables to the opposite side. Sounds ridiculous, but it might save you a bit of time. :D
I was able to connect it to my PC. There was a horrible delay between the keyboard and the PC, but once I installed better midi software (CoolSoft VirtualMIDISynth) and turned down the delay, it's nearly realtime. I had problems getting it to work on my iMac. It recognized the device's presence, but it didn't produce any sound on the computer.
I am very pleased with the product.  It has performed better than I had expected.  I recommend it highly.  I shall probably order more from this company in the future.
Doesn't wotk with V-Amp 3.  Doubt it works at all.  Red light always stays on and I've never seen the green light.
I don't know how this will work with other MIDI instruments but I tried it with the Roland TD9 drums and although it does transmit the data, the drum map is totally off. The respective triggers (hihat, hihat pedal, etc) are translated into all sorts of wrong information and while you can manually compensate for some of it on the PC end of it, it was just a freaking hassle. I needed this to be more flexible and able to record directly to my Notebook (which doesn't have a MIDI input) but I gave up in the end and went with my desktop PC and its MIDI interface.
It works perfect with Cakewalk Music creator 5 and a Digitech vocalist. Best price out there.
I've been using this for a year to home record through midi and its a great buy. This was so much less expensive than a lot of other ones but it works just fine. No regrets on the buy at all.
My advice- spend more and get something that will work with all applications.  Cheap midi may get you there, but if not you have to buy another.  Yep, always the gamble.
Cheap, works great for playing and foot controllers. Will not handle bulk dumps, so I have to use a different interface for programming and backups.
My puppy destroyed my name brand midi cable.  I bought this to fill the gap until I could by another name brand but since it works so reliably I'll saving my money for other things.  If the puppy murders this one I'll order up another one just like this.
