Wow, does this stick or what! I installed a small pedal on my pedalboard with just a small piece of this &#34;Power Grip mounting tape&#34; on the top and bottom of the pedal (HOF reverb) and one afternoon I stumbled or better said kicked my board by accident hitting the pedal right on and man it didn't budge! Had I known this before I would have installed all my pedals with this Power-Grip wonder! Need sticking power? This tape will definitely fill the requirement.
Love this stuff. Think I ordered it twice. Much better than standard industrial strength velcro. Just works, so what else more can I say?
Although it does exactly what it says...it will hold your items together (pedals to pedalboard)...it is significantly thicker than I expected which makes it difficult to use properly without covering the entire board. I purchased one strip and I will use it on my backup board, but I don't plan to purchase any more.
This Power-Grip Pedalboard Mounting Tape is VELCRO ON STEROIDS!!!  This product makes your pedals SUPER SECURE.  The tape backing is first rate heavy adhesive and the gripping &#34;teeth&#34; would make The &#34;JAWS&#34; shark envious.Word of advice;  Make sure you have your pedals arranged the exact way that you want them before you start mounting them to the board. Once down you can pretty much count on an ALMOST PERMENT MOUNTING.And a hint;  Some pedals (like Behringer) have a rubber bottom. Remove these rubber &#34;non-skid&#34; plates because they come off too easily.Also; AMAZON sells &#34;couplers&#34;.  These take less room  and cut down on the clutter.As a matter of fact, AMAZON sells EVERY THING YOU NEED to put together a Pro Board.
This is simply one of the best velcro tapes out there. It is very well made and resistant to hold every pedal imagined. I would recommend to get a few roles of power-grip pedalboard velcro as it definetely holds your pedals much better than the 'industrial' velcros included in most pedal boards and a one-meter roll (around 3 feet) wont last long, especially if you have a combination of both regular size (MXR or Boss) and bigger pedals like a Cry Baby Wah or a VOX Satchurator or Time-Machine Reverb or similar. You probably have a few thousand dollars invested in great pedals, even rare ones, so this would be great for you to keep them well-attached to your board and properly organized. Maybe the tape could be made a bit wider, perhaps 1/2 an inch more would be great. It would actually increase a bit the sticking surface. Still a great product/concept. A must buy!
I love this tape for multiple reasons, one because when it's on, it's on and not going to come off with bumps or gigging hard or what not, but at the same time if you would need to reassemble your board and want to move pedals around, you can take it off. It won't be easy, but if you get some leverage on it with a flathead or something you can wedge it off. I was able to get everything off my older board, and it came off so clean I was actually able to sell it! So this is some good stuff! Be prepared to buy a few rolls though for an entire board of pedals, as it hooks to itself so you'll go through it pretty quickly.
When I made a larger pedal board (from plywood) to accommodate a new pedal tuner, I could not pull the power-grip tape from the old board to reuse it! The adhesive is extremely strong, and the unique locking surface is almost as strong. Works great.
The velcro itself is insanely amazing. Its so amazing that its stronger than the adhesive backing. If you have an alternative means to adhere this velcro to its surface with a strength stronger than 10 men, then by all means, use this stuff. In the end, you just can't make velcro this strong for use with a pedal board. Once together, it raises the height of the pedal very uncomfortably. I cannot think of a practical application for this velcro.
What a fantastic product! I believe I have been wishing for this for years!Only one problem. Make sure that you want that pedal there - because once it sticks - you will have a difficult time removing it from that spot.No longer are my pedals going to become disconnected after travel - they actually stay attached to the pedal board!I have ordered two more to do more pedals and boards - this stuff works and is T-U-F-F!I you are having problems with your pedals becoming unattached from your board after driving to and setting up at the club then this is the product you need!I just wish I could get paid for endorsing this product!*********************************Still holding strong - building another board and using this stuff - it's much better than regular velcro - I don't have time for pedals falling off of my board in transit - use this and that annoying issue goes away.
I've been using a standard size Pedaltrain for years and was tired of the adhesive on the pedal side of the Velcro strips inevitably coming loose after being moved around a bit. I use it to keep 3 pedals in place: a Line 6 M5, a Seymour Duncan Twin Tube Classic, and a Live Wire A/B Switch. The first two are pretty heavy and bulky. I needed something substantial to keep them in their spots especially during transport in the case, being carried vertically, with other electronics and a bunch of cables on top of them.I decided to try out the Power-Grip and have been extremely impressed. First, I stripped the old Velcro stuff off of the pedals and board and cleaned the surfaces thouroughly. It all came off pretty easily. I then applied one strip of Power-Grip to each of the bottom 2 panels on the Pedaltrain and individual pieces to the bottom of the pedals. I then let everything sit for 24 hours as recommended.After attaching the pedals, I was amazed at how well everything was secured. The pedals are only being held by the one strip on the higher panel, the other strip is just padding under the bottom sides of the pedals to prevent metal-on-metal abrasion. However, you can confidently hold the whole thing vertically and shake it aggressively without anything going anywhere.I also appreciate that you can pull pedals off of the board to move them around (with some effort) and the grip will release without the adhesive budging even a bit.The grip also bonds to itself, unlike Velcro where you're keeping track of male and female tape when replacing it.I would recommend following the manufacturer's instructions and applying this stuff to clean, hard, non-porous surfaces. I've heard that the adhesive doesn't work on rubber, wood, etc. Many pedals have rubber padding / feet on the bottom but I've had no trouble prying that stuff right off before putting the tape on.You will appreciate the stability, security, and convenience this stuff provides. Get a few rolls as a meter doesn't go as far as you'd think.
