Come on now these are Ernie Ball strings what can I say that hasn't been said a 1000 time already there the best buy them
It was a great item. very nice strings. It looked really good on my acoustic and electric guitar. Works great
Great guitar strings, and affordable. I have used these for quite a while, and I have always liked them. Recently, I moved to Boston though, and here they seem to rust really quickly. They never used too. Its not that humid here, so I don't know if I got some bunk strings, or if the quality has gone down in the last year, or if really its the Boston weather. Historically, I have sworn by these though!!
Good Strings, I buy this Strings from a few years and i love them, I like them with my Gibson LP, but also with my other guitar with the Floyd!, They are durable, and a really good sound for my Funky Rock Type of music i like!
I like Ernie Ball strings. They are less expensive and seem to retain their integrity longer than the other brands I tried. I change strings every two weeks. I tried the rest and returned to the best.
lovely strings  for rhythm guitarist, special i'm using it for reggae skanks rhythm and it sounds warm and scream... thanks
I purchased a 12 for the price of 10 pack of these from Musician's Friend. I've used Elixirs for years and decided to try regular strings again. This 12 pack was about the same price as 2-3 packs of Elixirs. So far I am very happy with these strings. They sound and feel great.
I've been using these strings for many years. They hold their tune for a long time and have a nice, rich on the low end, sparkly on  the high end tone. Quality has always been very consistent. I play classic rock, 90's alternative, modern country, blues, and 80's metal on Les Pauls, Strats, Teles, Rickenbackers, and Gretsch's. Live and in the studio, these strings work for everything.
I always used another company's strings and avoided Ernie Ball strings. Now I don't know why. After using these I am very happy with the quality and tone I get from each set.
This are some great strings. I have bought them my last 3 times and I will continue to buy them. I like that they are a little thicker then the ones that came on my guitar. The tone is much bettter too.
As cheap as these strings were, I am pleasantly surprised with the results achieved.I picked up an old, cheap electric guitar that needed some work.  It had been dropped on it's head.After repairing and playing it, it still sounded like crap so I had these strings, they were cheap and I put them on.  Only took about 5 minutes to restring and was well worth the effort.Okay, the guitar (and I am too embarrassed to give the brand) isn't my Gibson Les Paul or my Fender American Strat, but damn, it sounds good now.  If I didn't have so many guitars, I might keep this one but I will probably sell it to make room for another.These were well worth the few dollars I spent on them.  Honestly, I won't restring my Fender with them, I'll use the Fender 250 bullets.  But these are great for about any electric.  With guitars, crappy strings kill it.  Great strings can make a bad guitar okay, not great.I will continue buying and using these on my lower end guitars but will spend the few extra bucks on my high end guitars.
Used the 9-42's for years but thought I would give these a try. Fuller sound with the 10-46's butI cannot bend them like the 9's. I have switched back on a few of then guitars for variety: 10's for rhythm and finger style, 9's for lead. Get the packs of single 9's and 10's too so that when one breaks you dont have to steal from another whole set.
I have been using these strings for a while now.  they are consistent, sound good, have a good life, and are very well priced through Amazon.  They are crisp and vibrant when new and this lasts for quite a while.  I will continue to buy them by the dozen for my electric guitars.
These are the standard in guitar strings - they are well made, play nicely and are the size that most guitars come with from the factory.Do they have every bell and whistle modern strings come with? Are they hand-wound? Are they made with exotic materials? No to all the above. These are a high quality no-frills set that is acceptable to everyone from beginners to the most accomplished professional.These days they make everything from coated strings of various colors, to pure nickel to pure stainless steel in almost every mix and match gauge imaginable. If you aren't a beginning guitarist you probably aren't reading this review, because you've already played a set of these. You are off playing different brands and tech just to fine tune things, maybe trying out the latest coating or maybe just deciding that pure nickels have that vintage vibe you're going for.But if you just need to know if Ernie Ball strings are any good they are. The bigger question for beginners is do I keep the gauge that came on my instrument, (these for Gisbsons, Super Slinkys - pink package - for Fenders as a rule of thumb) or do I try something new.In summary, for me these are the safe pick, the strings that I know will work when I just need a good set of strings at a great price. You really can't go wrong with a set of these.
Oh man am i glad I found this deal, no more $8.00 for strings anymore, there the exact same as you would get from the store, delivered through USPS, dont have to go anywhere, how cool is that, 5 out of 5 Stars, but of course, its ERNIE BALL.
These are the best guitar strings I have used in over 50 years of playing the guitar. Made in USA a very good price. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings.
These strings are good, especially for the price. I have found better strings through D'Addario however, and the feel of them is  superior to these in my opinion.
I started out wilth Balls when I first picked up the guitar in 1968 when I was 17. They were worth my part time minimum wage money and gave me what I wanted. A very reliable product that took me through the transition from an amateur to a professional lead guitarist. I highly recommend them. Keep a pack or two in your guitar case or gig bag!
I have never been let down by Ernie Ball strings. They produce a bright clear sound and for every other string in their price range they are the best way to go. I only use them and I have been playing for a decade.They stay in tune forever and have a warm sound characteristic of nickle strings.Whenever I buy a new guitar and change out the factory strings I am always shocked at how much better my instrument sounds.
This is a pack of guitar strings.  It sounds good on my guitar and it's not that expensive.  I like it(4 star rating according to amazon).  I would rate it 5 stars(amazon rating for 5 stars is if you 'love' the product),if it made me sound like Clapton unfortunately, none of the gear that I bought can do this!  Also, I kind of find it hard to 'love' a pack of guitar strings.
these strings are great if you need practice changing your strings. these strings last 2 days and then they are dull and lifeless and need to be changed, the high e and the b string tend to break before they even get tuned to pitch, Ernie Ball strings are garbage, the only time I will buy these is if it's the only thing available, most people like these because they are endorsed by so many musicians that are paid to say that they like this garbage, and even if they do like them they are not your average players that need more than 2 days out of a set of strings, Touring musicians have the guitar tech change the strings after they play their set, and they get an unlimited amount of these crap strings so their guitars always sound fresh,  you can spend 4$ for a set of Ernie Ball or D'Addario every 2 days or you can spend $7 for a set of DR strings and change them once a month, or you can spend 10$ for a set of Elixir Polywebs and change your strings once every 3 months,  It doesn't make sense to use these crappy Ernie's unless you are sponsored by EB and have an endless supply and a tech to change them for you like the rockstars,
Ernie Balls are nice strings, cheap, durable and produce a rich sound. I'm so proud of my Balls.
I've been using Slinky's for so long now, I honestly don't see me using any other brand ever again. They are tough, well made, and simply work and sound great....do what everyone else does and try them out and see for yourself what a difference a great string makes to your playing!
Ernie ball strings are quality strings that last me quite a long time. They sound great, and I have yet to have use set of strings by Ernie that were faulty or disappointing in any way.Of course, I have only used a few other brands of strings, so I don't have an arsenal of wisdom to compare the quality of these strings to. But do take my word when I say that these are extremely reliable, good-sounding, and affordable. 5/5
These just sound great. Huge upgrade from the stock factory strings on our beginner Ibanez electric guitar. Good stuff, will certainly come back for more when the time comes. Cheap for what you get, and a nice sonic upgrade with a great feel.
These are my favorite strings for electric guitar. I've been using them since I started playing about eighteen years ago. I've tried other strings, like Gibson and D'Addario, but I like the sound and feel of Ernie Balls the best -- they feel nice, full, thick, hefty. I play blues, jazz, and bluesy rock. I use these on a Gibson Les Paul Vintage Mahogany and a Yamaha neck-thru-body electric, and they are good for the music I play and for providing a full-bodied sound. There are a whole host of "big name" guitarists who use these strings, and for good reason. I buy them in 10 packs to save money -- can't seem to find that option here on Amazon.
the best strings in the world i recently switched to ernie cobalt strings which are more expensive but so much epic!
Slinky is used by tons of professionals because they work well and endure rough playing.These strings are pretty much an upgrade from any factory strings.change yours now.
It had been a while since I had some EB's. Best packaging I have seen and for the price, don't order just one pack. Very pleased, always have a spare pair in your case.
i must re order soon because i broke one string yesterday, these are the best strings i've ever had i love them and may bands use them too
Ernie Ball is the standard for guitar strings. I tried switching to some other strings for a few years such as the GHS boomers and D'Addario. I have to say, I only had a pack of Slinky Strings during my last setup and I'm glad that's what I used because they play great and sound amazing.
I really like the mediums.  They are able to play the biggest variety of styles without being too heavy or not durable enough.
Great strings. Bends are easy. Stay in tune well. Shipping was fast and I'd definitely recommend these. John Mayer, and other of my favorite musicians use these strings, there great.
I could never get the sound I wanted using other manufacturers strings.  I tried Ernie Ball Slinkys just for shiggles.  I was quite surprised at the quality of the tone I get from my guitars now.  There is a rich, toney presence to these springs.  The cheapest and most effective upgrade you can make on your axe is Ernie Ball strings.  Hands down the best.
Been using this brand of strings since 1971,I've always been pleased. I like the super slinks as well. Love um
I've tried several different strings on electric, and Ernie Ball Slinkys are the only ones I really trust on all of my guitars.  The fact that they also happen to be among the cheapest strings you can find is a nice bonus.  But they sound great, and are far less prone to breakage than other brands I have tried.  The 9's are super fast and easy to bend, but I've started using 10's more often on my Strats, which creates an even more robust sound.  They're an industry standard for a reason - you don't need 15 dollar strings!
Standard 10-46 nickel wound set- great for most general purpose playing- like rock, blues, country, what ever. Some more advanced players might prefer boutique strings like DR, but these are good for most folks!
I typically play D'Addario .010's, but I wanted to see what all the fuss was about with these. Well I gotta say, I'm not stricken with disbelief at these, but they are very nice. Overall I would say that they feel about the same as my D'Addario strings, but if the price is right I wouldn't mind a substitution every now and again. They DO bend very nicely, obviously your guitar's scale length and your ability to bend strings may vary.
This was a much needed purchase because my son being a new musician is going through the guitar strings.  He found just what he needed and at a great price.
Very good strings
These strings are Great! They Last for a real long time. They even include free picks  which is so cool. I Defiantly recommend them for everybody else!!!
beautiful tone and durable string, nice tension,  very good for bends, sweep picking and rakes. Did I mentioned great value?
These have always been my favorite strings, and I've just about tried them all. Everything from elixirs, fenders, gibson, dunlop, and everything in between; I always end up coming back to ernie ball one way or another. Whether it be regular slinky or my ambitious not even slinky *they are a set of 12s* Overall great strings, never had a break on me, last long, sound pretty good too.
My favorite strings for about 3 years now, i like the feel and the sound of this set. I use this strings with an Ibanez RG Custom with Dimarzios. Love it.
The fact of the price for this and the 18 cent shipping is pretty damn good Because I have 2 Silverstone SS-11's and a stratocaster and I took parts of of one ss-11 to fix the other then I bought these strings for it Fixed it up And now that guitar sounds better and less (Buzzy) than the strat Also pretty cool how it came with free picks which is nice becuase I lose them alot and one side of my thumb feels like a brick and the other side feels like a pillow Anyways great product nice little thank you note and free picks and REALLY cheap shipping I will buy more later to fix my other guitar when I get the bridge nuts replaced
Im sure these strings are fine, I like the cobalt ones a lot they sound good on my Jackson Rose. These however or the high E the Jackson because of how you have to string it would not grab hold of it... Because with a Jackson you have to cut the ball or whatever off the strings I was left with worthless strings my mistake, Just not for one of my electrics my mistake but I do love  the other strings they offer. So im out four bucks oh well.
