Well, I don't really know what else to say.. I ordered them for the guitar, Though I won't be using them for the banjo. (I prefer the sound of clawhammer banjo)The thumb picks fit my thumb perfectly, and the finger picks only needed a tiny squeeze to stay put. They feel kind of alien right now, as it's the first time I've ever wore finger picks, but I'll get used to them eventually :P.
I just started playing banjo and did not want to wrap up tons of money in supplies. This was a perfect "kit" if you will giving you everything you need to start at a great price.
The picks arrived quickly, within a couple days of my order. They work well after adjusting them to fit. The thumb picks did not work so well for us, it was too big for me to get to fit in any way, and too small for my friend to use.
Can't get your banjo to sound right without a great set of finger and thumb picks. have been using these for years now.
There is no doubt about it, National fingerpicks are pretty much the standard.  The metal fingerpicks are rock solid, sturdy-gauge steel.  The plastic thumbpicks match tone very well.  And, note that unlike what you may read in another review, they are adjustable.  You just need to heat them up in some hot water and bend to fit.  On my resonator, these provide a full, loud sound.  The only reasons that for me these don't rate 5 stars are that (1) the Pro-Pick F Tone fingerpicks I usually use provide much more of a sense of feel, and (2) the National fingerpicks have a tendency to be a little noisier than the Pro-Picks on the guitar's unwound strings.  Even though I like the National metal fingerpicks much better than plastic fingerpicks I've used, and even though they produce more fullness than the Pro-Picks, for me the sense of feel that I get from the open-finger design of the Pro-Picks trumps volume.  This is important to keep in mind for players whose only fingerpicking experience is with fingers alone.  Players who are already used to metal or plastic fingerpicks should give the National picks strong consideration.  They are solid, sound great, and this packaging of them is excellent!  By the way, the bonus pick is cute (and will go in my logo pick collection), but it's a very thin gauge to be useful to me on anything other than electric guitar.
I just started learning the banjo and the picks are worth it. They really help me out and they are a cheap price.
Just want to reiterate however what another review mentioned... the thumbpicks both came in medium, which at the time I didn't pay any attention to.  However, after about 3 weeks of using them (and the fingerpicks) on my banjo, I came to the conclusion that I needed a large size for my thumb (the mediums sat a little too high up my thumbnail for comfort). I suppose you could put them in hot water to "stretch" them out as I have read, but regardless, for a quick-n-dirty set for someone just starting out, its just the ticket without having to buy a bunch of sets of 12 to figure out what is comfortable.  With price/assortment in mind, I give 5 stars.
This hand full of picks saves your fingernails, they are not the best, but easy to fit to the fingertips though the thumb picks that came are not the size I am used to.
