I dont know what all the hype is over this thing.  The idea is good and its cute.  Its for kids and metal heads that want to play screaming guitar but not blow the windows out.  How many of these types of noise boxes do we need?  Not only for the price you need to have a speaker cabinet to go with it.  Go buy a 20 watt Roland cube at least you can play some clean guitar also.  Or any combo little amp.  It's for bedroom use only.  You have a external power supply to hook up to it then you need a speaker wire.  Being light weight as it is also if you move around with your guitar you will pull it off the speaker cabinet and drag it around the stage with you.  Just get a distortion pedal at least it stays in one spot.
When I'm in a apt. I need an amp with tube (at least the pre) and a cabinetOrange PPC108 1x8" Speaker Cabinetas small as possible, giving a decent sound and output (w/o annoying around) and Orange made my needs true!(I never ever expect to play at a stadium with this! Obviously)In my opinion, this is absolutely a decent Amp that respond to precise needs.
I'll start off by saying that I'm a proud owner of:- Gibson ES125 Acoustic/Electric- Pono MSD-E- Blackheart BH5H- Blackheart BH110- A Weber Vintage Series 10A125 (10 inch, 8 ohm, 30 watts) in an open back, solid pine cabinet- A Jensen Mod 10-50 (10 inch, 4ohm, 50 watts)- All tube Fender Tweed ChampNow that you know the gear I have, what I can play through an amp, and what I can plug an amp head into, I'll sum up my review with this:What you get out of this amp is completely dependent on your speaker cab, the cables you use, and how clean your power is. Got good gear?  This little amp will sound great.The DetailsThe amp itself is tiny.  I have an Electro-Harmonix pedal that's bigger than this amp! Still, it packs a punch.  With the gain at about 1/3 up and the volume at half, I get great clean tone and enough volume for a small venue.  Crank the gain up more and it gets louder and more distorted as you go.  Yes, this little amp will go from Jazz & Country to Rock & Metal with a twist of a dial.The line in and headphones jacks are a nice touch that none of my other amps have.  If you want to quietly play along with some tunes, you can.  Practice time just got better for your neighbors.The one lone tube in the Micro Terror is the pre-amp tube.  Mine came stock with a JJ Tubes 12AX7.  I understand that's standard.  A JJ is nice, but it will *not* warm up this little hybrid enough for you to get even a whiff of tube tone.  Dig out an old Phillips, RCA, Sylvania, or GE to get this guy to sound a bit like its big brother.  I had an old GE made in Great Britain lying around and popped it in my Micro Terror: warmed it right up; cleaned up a bunch of high-end tinniness.Still, compared to my two-tube BH5H or my all tube Champ, this guy does sound more solid state than anything.  BUT, compared to a buddy's Roland and solid state Ampeg, it's downright mellow.No effects loop means that your time-based effects (reverb, echo, chorus) can get noisy. So, if you like pedals, stock up on 9 volt batteries to avoid power adapter noise add in.Speaking of power adapters: a previous reviewer is right.  The external power brick for this guy seems fragile.  I'm not a fan of the thin line from the brick to the amp. It's holding up, but one round with my cat and I'll be looking for a new power supply.The RubAnnoyance #1:  One cheap cable anywhere in the mix will result in annoying HISS even at low volumes.  I found that out quickly.  So, get a proper speaker cable and a high end instrument cable or you will hate this amp.  I'm running it with a GLS 12 gauge speaker cable and a Planet Waves American Stage instrument cable - both available here at Amazon or any good guitar shop.Annoyance #2:  This is a 20 watt amp, right?  WELL... if you don't run a 4ohm speaker, you won't get all 20 watts.  The Micro Terror self-adjusts to the power needed to drive your speaker by stepping down output. (Yes yes... don't quote physics to me.)  At 8ohms, I still get good volume.  But at 16ohms (like my BH110) it sounds like a 5 or 7 watt amp.  That said, I'm actually a fan of the tone I get with my 8ohm Weber in its pine cab. The 8 inch Jensen speaker in my Champ, while nice, can't put out the low notes like I'd prefer and the Jensen Mod 10-50 is TOO clean.  But the Weber 10A125 sounds fantastic to my ears; even with the loss in volume.Annoyance #3: The Micro Terror is so small and so light, it'll tumble right to the floor if anyone kicks your chord.  Unlike a nice 20 pound amp, the chord won't pull out.  So: BE CAREFUL.Mitigation for Annoyance #3: The all steel chassis can handle a tumble from three feet up onto hardwood floors... though, it will gouge your floor.And then there's the standard annoyance that comes with owning any guitar amplifier: if the power is noisy or ungrounded, you will wind up with hiss no matter what.  I always carry a Monster HTS 350 and run my amp through it; that REALLY helps in cleaning up signal noise.  (If you don't have one, get one.  The 300 & 350 are cheap and they work.)The SummaryAfter all that, I can still say:  I love this little amp!  I've gigged with it and it sings well.  Plus, the added gag of tiny ukulele + tiny amp always draws a laugh... until I crank the dial over and shred some faces.For the price, you can likely afford to pick up $40 worth of guitar/speaker chords and wind up with a healthy rig.  And, for the price, this is a solid 4 star amp.  I know I'm happy.
BOTTOM LINE: The Orange Micro Terror is powerful hybrid amp head capable of driving any number of speakers you throw at it. It's low wattage guarantees crushing tube overdrive and classic British tones in the palm of your hand.WHY ONLY 3 STARS? For starters, this is what I would consider a "novelty-boutique amplifier", because it recreates vintage British sounds like a boss, but it's lack of clean headroom is evident. It's an Orange after all, and so if you want a dirty Plexi sound with only 1-channel to work with - this head is for you. Playing with a Les Paul, I tested it through a Marshall 1960A 4x12 and it sounds amazing. I also tested it through my custom 1x12 cabinet loaded with a Celestion G12H30. I was able to find the "sweet spot" on the Tone knob, which for me was around 1 o'clock, and with the Volume at noon and the Drive at max... I had entered a very musical, lush, and totally gig-worthy tone zone that Jimi Hendrix, Angus Young, and Jimmy Page would have loved to go on tour with. However, as much as I love eating British Crunch for breakfast, I consider myself a versatile player who needs a bright and heady clean channel AND that classic punch'n'crunch we all know and love AND a solid distortion for metal and beyond. Unfortunately, the Micro Terror is a ONE TRICK PONY in the Tone category, and for this (if we're starting at 5 stars) I have to subtract one star. I feel confident subtracting a star for tone because the Micro Terror doesn't exactly take pedals well either without generating too much noise, which leads to feedback. I subtract another star because this head is really only usable if you're in a rock band, already own a 2x12 or 4x12, and want something quick and small to use to rock out with. The problem is, if you're one of those people, you probably already have a solid amp head to drive that 2x12 or 4x12 in the first place. This puts the Micro Terror into Secondary status or useful as an emergency head during a gig if things take a turn for the worse. This leads me to my final point: if the intent is to purchase this as a bedroom practice or garage rehearsal head, then for the price you could get a much better product that has two GOOD channels instead of one simple (but GREAT) one.WHAT I LOVE about the Micro Terror is that it is something you can always keep in your arsenal. Having owned several different combo amps and head/cabinet variations over the years, the Micro Terror could fill that niche because it can be scaled according to your performance or rehearsal needs. If I were starting over from scratch, I'd probably buy two 2x12 cabs, a Micro Terror, and a bigger and more powerful tube head to drive both cabs if needed. This would give you perfect flexibility for band rehearsal, studio recording, small bar, big bar, club, or concert stage venues.(TO THOSE WHO THINK THIS REVIEW WAS UNHELPFUL: I've noticed this review, and pretty much any review of this amp with anything bad to say about it is getting unhelpful votes. It seems like, people want this to be a 5-Star Amp but always with the caveat of "but it's $150, what do you expect?" or they begin their rave review with "For a $150 amp...". Look, I don't judge gear just by price, I judge it by VALUE and with my EARS first. The reality is, you need a really nice 1x12, 2x12, or 4x12 to really make the Micro Terror sound amazing. If you're dropping $150 for the Terror, and probably another $150~$250 for a great cab... why not spend that $300 or so on a great ALL-tube 1x12 to begin with with 2 channels, better EQ, and the option to route to an external cab from the get-go?)
I have checked this amp out twice, once with an orange ppc112 and once with the 8&#34; version, with both a Strat and a Les Paul, and I am very disappointed in this amp.Now admittedly, with the high output buckers on the les paul the pre-amp breaks up nicely and the tone is really sweet with the gain on 5-7, however the bottom line is that there is simply not enough clean headroom in this amp to produce any worthwhile volume with clean or mild crunch tones.So, without any volume with clean tones this amp becomes a one trick pony and hence so very very disappointing...Bottom line: unless you want full on distortion 100% of the time, you are better off with a clean amp and distortion pedal than this gutless amp.... if you are committed to Orange (and boy do they make some stunning amps) go check out the dark terror...
Will be getting the amp in a day or two. At the sale price of $119 this can't be beat. My research on this device said that to make the really good little solid state/tube hybrid even more awesome is to replace the JJ 12AX7 with a Mullard Blackburn vintage 12AX7 (from the 1960's). It can cost around $30-50 a piece for a NOS (new old stock) but will sweeten the sound without adding or subtracting noticeable gain. In the end the Micro Terror should sound just like real tube amps costing many hundreds more.1st UpdateTook delivery and hooked it right up to my Marschall 412 into the 16 Ohm jack. Volume at about8 o'clock and gain at about 3 o'clock. Man, what a great sound. Very tubey! Typical British growl at higher gain settings. Loud. Plenty loud for your bedroom/office/whatever. Turning it up a bit should be more than enough for a gig at a bar. Just be sure to use a GOOD QUALITY SPEAKER CABLE, like the GLS. Will be updating when I get the vintage 12AX7 tube replacement. So far I am very impressed. Honestly, with a sound this good, why buy a TH30 for 5 times the price. Measured how loud this thing is. At about 3 feet in front of my Marshall 1960 lead 4x12 with gain at max and volume at a bit less than 8 o'clock I got around 84 decibels playing strong but not super strong chords. This is too loud for most apt. buildings for sure so better plug in the headphones.2nd UpdateTried out several compatible tubes...ie 12AY7 12AT7 and the Mullard 12AX7. Each will have a subtle or more obvious effect, sound is such a subjective thing you really have to try this out for yourself.  I personally found the Mullard to be the best. Really nice tube sound, typical Orange, sounds as good as most amps costing several times as much.
This is a very cheap little practice amp, and I hoped I'd be able to use it with the headphone port and aux in to practice without driving my GF nuts... Unfortunately I have a couple of problems:  the headphone and aux quality really wasn't that great (and using great phones).  The sound of the amp itself is dirty or dirtier... I just expected this to be a little more versatile than it turned out to be.For quiet practice, you're best getting a VOX Amplug, IMHO.  Sounds great, MUCH cheaper, and integrates external audio better.
