I ran across this thing a few weeks ago and decided to give it a try.  I'd been looking for a boom attachment for a non-boom stand because I play guitar and sing.  This seemed perfect, and it is.  Regular booms have always been a necessary evil, in my book.  They can be helpful, but also take up too much "air space" on cramped stages or in small rehearsal spaces.  This thing gives you plenty of room to get the stand out of the way without making an annoyance of itself.  The other thing I like is that the elbow where it adjusts has teeth that interlock, so you're not just tightening a joint and relying on friction - as those are the kind of things that eventually fail once the tightening bolt gets tired.Anyway - no reservations about this one.  A dead-simple idea that works great.
This item works well for keeping the mic away from the stand allowing room for guitars. I tried a flexible goose neck but it was way too loose and would not hold the mic steady. The locking teeth on the adjuster firmly hold the stand in 1 position. The short extension in the picture is not on the unit I received but it really is not needed it works fine as delivered. I would purchase this unit again and again. It is a good piece and a good deal!
This is a tough unit, easy to set and locks tight.  The materials are robust.In a home studio there is never a lot of room and I didn't want a big boom hanging off the other side of my mic stand.  This fit the bill perfectly.  On the package there is an illustration of this being used at the end of a long boom to hang a mic in the perfect possition, and yeah, one could totally do that with this.This is a simple device and no corners were cut in its manufacture.
This little gadget is perfect if you want to stand back from your mic stand just far enough to make it comfortable to play your guitar while you sing into the mic.  The usual solution is to get a boom to attach to your stand but this works and it's simpler, less expensive and takes up less space.  The pivot is controlled by a friction joint which you can adjust.  I wouldn't try to use it if I were a singing drummer, but for a guitarist, it's great.
Well built.  The adjuster end is deeply notched so it can be set for a wide range of angles in about 8 or 9 degree increments.  (10 possible positions between upright and horizontal)  Best for setting up drum mics as it would hold position better than a gooseneck. I'm using it in a vocal mic application as it pushes the mic a tad further away from the  stand to give  me a bit more room.  But there is no counter-weight here so its best used at shallow angles.  If I was playing a thicker instrument like an acoustic guitar, or if on-stage energy has you moving a lot more, I would opt for a boom stand instead.
One of my conventional booms just broke because of cheap plastic parts that couldn't handle the stress of being tightened repeatedly.  I came across these and after reading the reviews figured I didn't have much to lose with a $7 price tag.  I was very glad I made the purchase and I'm going to order a couple more of this model and the 13" model.  It's steel construction except for the oversized nylon knob used to adjust the angle and hold the boom in place.  It's solidly built and I don't imagine it will break easily.  The two pieces that move against each other have teeth, so once the angle is set and the knob tightened, it will not slip.  Get the 13" if you want to reach amps sitting on the floor from a conventional stand.  7" is great because it allows you to sing with an acoustic guitar without the extra length.
I play guitar and it's necessary to have the mic angled toward me to sing. Long boom mics make small stages a bit hazardous to negotiate. This little boom gives me a way to get close to my mic without having a long boom cluttering up the stage. Great product!
