You really have to play around with all the knobs to find the perfect tone, I was able to sort of dial in a nice Marshall '80s alt-rock sound, but when you're not playing it can have a noisy wind-like feedback coming from your amp; but it can vary from amp to amp. You can fiddle with the Voice and Drive knobs to clear it up, but that usually results in a drop in your overdrive or distorted sound. But to be perfectly honest, it's pretty impressive the sound you get out of this for less than $40.
This thing sounds amazing- except for one small problem: At higher gain settings it hisses like a mother. I'm not talking about extreme settings, just gain and &#34;character&#34; (thats what Tech 21calls it- forgot what Joyo calls it) at 3 o'clock. It has a beautiful WARM singing lead tone-better than any pedal that I have owned ( and that's probably 20-30 distortion/overdrive pedals) If only it didn't hiss so much it would be my main lead pedal. If you have a Rocktron Hush or other noise gate pedal, it is worth considering. The Joyo is an EXACT clone of the Tech 21British pedal, which costs $189 (?). I don't know it the tech 21 has the same hissing problem or not.
I bought this with the idea I was getting a pedal that would give me usable Marshall amp sounds. After trying for a couple of hours, I find that it won't do that. I guess my combination of guitar and amplifier wasn't meant to be used with this pedal. The guy who mentioned in the reviews about the sound getting thinner as you turn up the voice control, he was spot on about that (very annoying effect). Nothing but praise goes to the supplier ( KDM Distributors) . They did a fine job getting the pedal to me across the country. But the pedal itself, not for me.
This pedal solved my problem with my amp. After 13 years of messing about with my Mesa Boogie  realizing the the California sound is not what I truly like and kicked myself in the ass for not buy a Marshall or VOX this pedal  has given me the ability to make my amp sound like a Marshall or VOX.  One can say all kinds of things about quality but for $31.00 it made me even more versatile. It needs to be in front of a tube amp...
This one is easy - buy it! I've owned many effects over 32yrs playing . . . some ok, some didn't last 48 hours, others never parted with - this one fits in that category. Gives excellent range of Marshall emulated sounds
been playing over 50 yearsowned it all 3 or 4 times :)pedals out the wazoothis is the cats meow if you want a marshall in a boxset your amp up cleanspend 5 minutes finding the sweet spotplay till your fingers hurt.....i own the tech 21 britishdid a side by sidecan hear NO differencei dialed in the early VH brown sound in minutesand thats where i left itcleans up with the vol knobresponds well to pick attackdo not hesitate, this pedal is a winner
I revised a previous 4-star review after playing with the Joyo British some more and especially after using it for direct line-in recording.  I now rate it at 5 stars.The phrase "Marshall in a box" gets thrown around a lot, but usually the people using it have a particular Marshall amp in mind.  For example, the Wampler Plexi-Drive sounds like an older Plexi, while a MI Audio Crunch Box will do that 80's JCM compressed high gain tone.  On the recommendations of several people, I picked up the Joyo British Sound hoping it could clone the full spectrum of those different amps.Does the British Sound succeed at that goal?  Yes and no.  On certain settings, the British Sound does offer a convincing, tube-like sound reminiscent of a Marshall cabinet.  You can clean it up quite a bit, and it works very well as a "foundation" pedal, placed last in your effects chain to give the amp Marshall "character", but boosted by other overdrive and distortion pedals.(Note: The pedal is actually its own preamp, so the recommended use of it is to plug it directly into the power amp section of a combo amp, or into a PA system or mixer directly.  You can use it in  the effects chain into another preamp, but that will diminish its effectiveness)But despite those good traits, there's just a few things "off" about it.  First, it seems to add quite a bit more noise ("hiss") than some of the other Joyo Sound pedals.  Or perhaps it's just more noticeable due to the fact that this is supposed to be a "Marshall", so i turned it up.  Second, as several other reviewers noted, the Voice control seems exactly backwards of what it should be - turning clockwise makes it sound thinner.  On the other three Joyo Sound pedals, the opposite is true.  Functionally, this really should mean nothing, but it does make it a bit more confusing to dial in.If you read the manual for the Tech21 British (upon which this pedal is supposedly cloned), they claim that 9:00 on the Voice/Character knob would be JTM/Bluesbreaker territory, 12:00 would be Plexi, and anything above that gives you the "presence boost of a 70's Metalface".  I haven't tried all those amps, but perhaps it's meant to brighten up as you turn it up, and that's just a design choice.I think it's possible to get the "Marshall" tone you want out of this thing, but you have to work the EQ knobs with each adjustment of the Voice knob.  At this price, hard to complain too much.
