These are made solid and are very stable.  I knocked it to 4 stars because they don't match up.  The holes in the poles for the safety pin are not at the same interval on each stand so it can look funky.
They are well built and can hold almost any speaker system you throw at them. I have already recommended these to a friend and he bought them. He likes them too.
I bought a set of these from Amazon's warehouse deals page with a discount because of some expected damage. They showed up in pretty good shape though to my surprise!I was expecting some damage to the items, but hoping that between the 2 of them that i would be able to salvage enough to put together one full stand. I bought these because I needed ONLY 1 stand with good height on it for mounting my 32" LCD Hitachi Flat screen to it. I use this TV in my studio so that everyone can see what's going on when we record and work on music. I needed something that was going to be sturdy and hold the TV high enough that everyone in the studio would be able to see it all the time.Both stands showed up in good and working condition. They go up to about 8' tall and are perfect for mounting speakers onto, although I use it to mount my TV about ceiling height which is about the same weight as my speakers if not more. They work GREAT! I'm going to add some pictures of my creation when i get around to it, give me about a month....
Great speaker stands, well constructed easy adjustments for different setups.Carry case nice addition.Recieved set of Two stands with case promptly and in perfect condition.Two stands and carry case delivered for the price of one stand at many places,Great Deal!
Bought two sets. Both arrived together and at the expected delivery date. I had bought two sets of the Pyle Pro PMDK102 months previously which also included a pair of 25ft 1/4" cabling from an Amazon dealer which arrived without problems. Initially, I noticed only a slight difference in the two models which centered around the way the adjusting clamp allowed for the extension of the center speaker poles. Personally, I think its easier to setup the Pyle Pro PSTK103. Later comparison showed that the PSTK103 is also substantially taller in both the length of the tripod legs and the retracted center speaker pole.However, the way it was packaged severely diminished my opinion on how much the manufacturer really cared about its own products. The paint finish was chipped on several areas of the legs. There were dimples and nicks in several areas of the leg tubing. Why I blame the manufacturer's packaging more so than the way it was handled during shipping is simple ... the tripod legs have multiple connections which protrude from the joints and aside from the use of thin plastic bags to separate the two units laying upside down and side-by-side within the small confines of its included unpadded travel bag within its shipping carton, no other fore-thought of protection to prevent each tripod unit from physically rubbing or banging against one another during transport was afforded. Really, how hard would it have been to just separate the two units within the travel bag with some corrugated cardboard or a strip of expanded foam?!!!On the plus side ... after testing each of the tripod stands ... all seemed to function perfectly well. The units were light yet seemed solid and stable once set up. The price seemed right thought and if the manner of packaging were improved ... I would definitely say that thus far it seems like a great buy. Only time and after some use hereafter will I be able to determine if the unit holds up and is truly a bargain.
I ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated. However, the bag was ripped in 3 places. The stands were both scratched badly with lots of paint missing. The most annoying thing was that they did not match each other. The locking mechanism was different on each stand and they were different heights. The holes in the inner poles were drilled  in different places so in order to use the support pins and have the speakers at the same height, you had to adjust the legs to accommodate the difference in height. They looked like they might be relatively solid but I returned them anyway...bit disappointing.
The bag is simple canvas.  It probably won't protect a steel ball from a marshmallow attack.  However, the stands are sturdy, fully adjustable, and look professional.
Both of the stands had parts that had fallen out, or were missing all together. When the pamphlet that comes with them states that they are fully assembled and guaranteed to be free of defects, this is a major concern. It may be that I got a bad box that got missed by quality control, but it does make me suspicious of Pyle products.
These are your basic speaker stands for PA systems...they're functional, durable, and can be set-up within just a few seconds. I would have given this a higher rating, however upon receipt, one of the stands would not lock into place and kept sliding down regardless of how tight I had set the tension. While inspecting the bag, I found a hard plastic block which looked like it was part of the aluminum tubing of the speaker stand. Further inspection confirmed this as this 'block' was indeed part of the tube, and after several minutes of wrestling with it, I was able to get it lodged back inside. The block was part of the tension &#34;mechanism&#34; and once it was forced back into the tube, the stand(s) performed flawlessly.
