I like this product. The screen is big and easily read. The meter is responsive and lets you know via a the needle, the note (sharp or flat) and by the background color going green to red. It takes 2-3 seconds to 'hear' the string but then it locks right in for all notes, even the low E.  It's really easy to use and I'm really happy with it. Its so much better than my Korg CA-1.  The only suggestion for improvement would be another swivel. It takes a minute or two to figure out how to attach it to the guitar head and have the screen in the right position. An additional swivel would make it perfect
it tunes my ukuleles! it tunes my guitar! i can even see how close my voice is to being on pitch! hooray for this tuner.
The tuning is accurate, the LCD screen is clearly visible, it works great!! I'm not sure about battery life, I haven't gotten there yet.
This tuner work well. one of the features is that when its not on one of the notes the full screen is RED. So it easy to quickly tune up.
works well but honestly there are better tuners for less money. But all in all works well. Good display and very easy to use.
The technology is fine but the attachment to the instrument isn't very friendly. Snark rotates to any position I want, but Intellitouch ends up being upside down. It works fine but it's inconvenient.
I have the PT2, which is not backlit, so I bought this one for use in dimly-lit venues. It worked great right out of the box: put in the battery, clipped it onto a standard acoustic guitar headstock, turned it on, and began tuning. The display is big ( 1-1/4" X 1-1/4 "), bright even in a bright room, and when the string is in-tune, the backlit background turns from red to green( like Christmas!). I put on a brand new set of strings, and used it to bring each one up to pitch. I found that plucking the string with your finger and then adjusting makes the tuner "waver" less, probably because fewer overtones are being produced. All of these type of tuners have some degree of hesitancy when reading the string pitch, moreso on some of the strings than others, but I found that this unit locked in on the signal quickly and gave a very accurate reading. I can use a pick to pluck the string as well and this device, after a very brief pause( less than a 10th of a second), gives me a reading or gives me the green. I don't use any of the other features. I also did not use it to tune any other stringed instrument.The only other comment I have about it is that the on button should have been placed on the top of the unit as you clip it onto the headstock, but I just mount the unit over towards one side, and turn it on and off from the bottom.I would highly recommend this for a anyone looking to quickly tune-up a guitar in a noisy, dimly-lit room.Update-August 2012: Replaced the battery after 2 years, with a good quality Sony lithium, and the tuner is still going strong!
Not my first Intellitouch tuner.  I really like these tuners, they are easy to use and easy to see when tuning up the guitar.
I bought one of these about a year ago and I am going to buy a second one to keep in my gutar case as a back-up. Great tuner, just clip it on the headstock, turn it on and tune -- display changes to bright green when you are exactly in tune so I can even do it without my glasses on. I have used it in noisy environments (other instruments tuning or playing) and it still works, never had a problem with it picking up tuning informatiom clipped to the headstock of either my acoustic guitar or Fender Stratocastor.The ONLY thing that could use improvement is the auto-off function; mine has failed to detect an extended duration of NO audio energy and as such, stayed turned on until it drained the battery. After that, I got in the habit of making SURE I turned it off when not in use. And it uses commonly found 2032 cell batteries so not A big deal to replace (just grab a two-pack of them at the grocery store to keep on hand).Overall, very useful, accurate device and worth a few extra dollars.
