I was hell bent of getting an analog delay and the local shop didn't have the one that I was looking for (MXR Carbon Copy), so they recommended that I try out the TC Flashback Digital Delay instead. This is priced comparably to the Carbon Copy, but it has so many more features (I guess that's expected of a digital delay) that I couldn't pass it up.Similar to the other TC product that I purchased (Corona Chorus), this sounds great, it's feature rich, and easy to use.The analog and tape delay modes do a very nice job of emulating the sound I wanted to get from the analog Carbon Copy, but it also has tons of other settings to pull out a digital sound; think exact repeats and a delay of up to 6 seconds. Shorter delays can be had by switching to the slap back mode, which puts this pedal into instant Rock-A-Billy mode.This is tone print enabled, (a feature that I have yet to try, but it seems like a cool concept), has a tap tempo setting and a 40 second looper all in one small delay box.This is the first delay that I've owned and I'm not looking back.
TC is very overrated.Many pedals I have out performs this in my opinion.  The vintage BBDs (MXR Vintage DElay, Morley 70's echo) for example just take it.  But for newer pedals I liked the MXR Carbon Copy and Ibanex DE 7 much better.
If you love delay and want variety, this is your pedal.  I run two amps when I play (often) and the ping pong is delightful for me.  However, in the studio, this pedal shines as well providing a variety of incredible delay options.  Being Toneprint enabled is a 100% plus.  Very clean, quiet, and durable.  Excellence!
This is by far the best delay effects box I've ever used and it has so much potential that it'll take you hours to get through ever possible sound this baby offers.  It's also true bypass which is very useful for gigging musicians who want to keep their rack as noiseless as possible and their signal as strong as possible from beginning to end.  It is built like a tank and doesn't take up much space on your pedal board making this overall a very user-friendly pedal.  Wish all pedals were built this way.  Highly recommended!
It's an excellent pedal well designed, perfect size,incredible quality, if you are looking for a U2 delay's stile it is perfect for you...
This pedal is a great delay pedal. works well with my marshall,Has a lot of feautures and is very versitale....
I have been through a few delay pedals trying to get the sound I want.1) Boss digital delay: I really didn't like the sound of the delay overall. No real positives to mention2) Carbon copy analog delay : Worked great for cleans. But totally muddied up my lead distortion tone (even though it was in my fx loop). I couldn't get the repeats to duck under the main signal3) Nova Delay : I really wanted to like this. Presets, tap tempo and a nice feature set. But the sound just lacked warmth. It was very digital soundingAt this point I wasn't sure what I wanted. Analog delays were warm sounding but too mushy. Digital delays were clear sounding but.. just too digital and uninspiring!I was debating springing an insane amount of money on the strymon timeline, when I found this pedal. Analog dry signal thru with digital delay !! This is what the magic sauce is in my opinion. Now my signal has the nice separation of the digital delay and my underlying tone is preserved. Set it to the 2290 type delay and its perfect. Sure, it doesn't have the presets and what not but for a good sounding delay, this can't be beat at this price range.Sure enough, when I checked the strymon timeline specs, I found out that it too has the analog dry through with digital delay. Just that its delays may be modeled better and it has a rich feature set. But $450+ for a delay pedal is just too much for me.Buy this if you are chasing tone, you won't be disappointed. Skip if looking for presets, tap tempo etc.
