To test I installed one pad and left the original pad on the other side of my 440's. The 840 pad has a larger surface area (see my pics with the old pad on the left in all shots) so I guess that spreads out the pressure over a larger area. But it's really minimal and I did not notice a huge difference pressure wise. The material is nicer/softer than the original so that is a plus. Every so often I would flip the headphones around to see if I could tell anything. The larger pad does cover more of the ear- almost surrounds it. But seriously, if you had me blindfolded I wouldn't bet my life that I always knew which side were which. But in general the large pad and softer material seems to be a better set up. I can't imagine any set of cans actually feeling comfortable to have on for an extended period of time.Sound difference? Yes, one side in my test sounded better I felt... until I switched them around! Just like eyes your two ears are not 100% equal and over time they lose their edge but not at equal rates. I think those who make any kind of big deal out of any significant improvement or degradation in sound might be imagining it. I would have to see some measureable proof to believe that whatever millimeters' worth of difference in how the drivers may sit in relationship to your eardrums affects how the sound waves actually strike them. Wishful thinking or all inside their heads maybe? Notice the contradictory reviews- more bassy, less bassy etc??? It becomes highly subjective and I wouldn't buy or not buy these pads based upon those claims. If you need replacements this is no brainer as a cheap way to keep your expensive headphones alive. If you need more comfort then these may do the trick for you but I'm glad I didn't pay any more for them than I did from Amazon. That's my 2 cents.
Brass Tacks:They are Velour. They fit on the ATH-M50 headphones. That is what I wanted.They are not a perfect fit, as they are MEANT for a slightly larger can, but it's more than snug. Looks good too!(Remember: Because of the material, you WILL notice a slight difference in sound.)
I got these because they were recommended replacements for the Fostex T50RP.  They fit great and are far more comfortable than the stock pads.  For the price, they are worth it.
I don't own the SRH840s, but rather the SRH440s. It was suggested on forums that these are a good upgrade for the 440s in terms of sound and comfort. I didn't believe the sound part, but I bought them because I at least wanted to replace the cracking old pads on my 440s. When I got them, they easily went on and looked just as good as the originals. They are definitely more comfortable. I don't know what it is, but something about the sound is different and I don't think it's placebo. There seems to be more presence in the bass and clarity in places I wouldn't expect. I highly recommend this upgrade.
I have used these pads on numerous non-Shure headphones like the fostex trp50 and the hifiman he-500 and I have to say that these are by far the best , most inexpensive solution to any headphone they will fit.  They ave made the sound quality better on each headset that I have put them on, and they are softer and more comfortable than any other replacement pads I have tried in the price range,  Highly recommended!
