I used this to replace a Pot in my MIM Telecaster. Works great. I didn't notice any change in tone. It just worked like the old one. But the main this is that it worked. And my Tele sounds as great as it always did.
Comes with a capacitor, so that's a bonus.  These pots are CTS and have a nice tight feel compared to Alpha pots.  Alpha are a little cheaper, have basically the same tolerance, are slightly looser in feel as you turn, and get the job done pretty much the same.  What it really boils down to is whether you prefer a slightly tighter feel, or a slightly looser turning knob.
Perfect for my guitars. Sounds great for my telecaster and my Stratocaster guitars. Capacitor are a nice generalized  choice. Excellent choice.
I was a little disappointed.  Don't know if it's a QC problem or if I just got some rejects but out of 6 pots, 1 was out of spec (315k) and 2 were almost out (289k, 205k).  1 was right on the money and the other 2 were within 10%.  They are CTL's so I'm a bit confused.  Other than that they work fine, they have the nut, washer and cap included (no knob).  I will be upgrading the caps.
Hi, I thought these pots would come without the proper caps, it`s not on the description of the product, and they did, so I'm pleased by it, have not installed them yet... they are CTS brand, it`s hard to read what uF are the caps, I think they are 0.022uF the standard for Fender guitars
I've never had one of these pots fail on me. Never had one go scratchy. I'm sure they will, as most pots will, but I've either been fortunate or these are very well made pots.
Ordered 6, and out of 6, I have exactly zero flat washers. Doesn't match the picture. Caps are marked 223K, so, looking that up, they are 0.022uf. Pot, lockwasher, nut, and cap are what is included.
Al ser el producto fender original se ve que es robusto.. y con una buen duravilidad.. hoy lo instalare.. Saludos desde Venezuela!!
I bought this to replace a recently busted (generic) volume pot. It works like a champ. I'm a stickler for genuine OEM parts so I typically by Fender only.
These were purchased for my parts bin.  They fit, they work, they are quiet and they won't make your life miserable.  That's all I want from replacment parts.
Used this to replace a dead volume pot in an older Strat-type guitar, and it sounds great!  The diameter of the threaded portion was a little larger than the original, Chinese pot, so I needed a cheap reamer (purchased through Amazon) to enlarge the pickguard hole.  It's a nice, smooth pot with no scratchiness.  nice big lugs to solder to.
Good upgrade for my Squier Deluxe Strat. Although, note that if your pickguard isn't a Fender made brand, the hole in the pickguard maybe a little small. Not to worry. All I did was took a drill bit the same size as the &#34;screw&#34; (where the knob goes on, and drilled the pickguard, thus it fitting. Over all nice purchase.
