At first it look small for my guitar but it fits perfectly with my Epiphone LP-100 Les Paul Electric Guitar
Now-a-days I just search amazon because they have always got what I want at reasonable prices. This is no exception. I am not a musican but wanted a case to carry my Epiphone Les Paul Custom Pro to the guitar guy for setup etc. This was was better then I expected. It is sturdy outside and nice fusion inside with a tight but not too tight fit. In other words great all around. I know it sits on a self with many other guitars when I take it in to the guitar guys so I am perfectly confident that it is well protected. and it is lockable (with key)If you are looking for a more then good case for your Epi LP just get this one. You will not be disappointed.Also. I ordered it on a tuesday and it came the next day. No special shipping. Maybe it is my locations but that was great too. Well packed.
love the case nice and simple, it really look exactly the same as the picture. highly recommend to everyone looking for a case.
Bought this along with the guitar as a present for my daughter. The guitar fits in this case perfectly, and is very well protected.
I ordered this for my Epi LP Special 2 and obviously it fits like a glove! Beautiful interior and a comfortable padded handle. Solid hinges and even comes with hinge lock on the center hinge.
Basically, this case is very sharp looking - made with good quality materials. The inside of the one I received was grey fur. The case would probably take a beating over time, but its not a SKB case. Nice enough that I wouldn't check it at the airport. Survived a trip in a moving van from Philly to Boston.Would definitely recommended if you need a case that your Les Paul fits very snugly and safely into.
This case it built really well, it has really nice plush interior... storage area for picks-strings-tuning fork-etc in the neck, it DOES have a lock on one of the latches. The case actually kind of stuck the first few days after i got; so much so that i thought it was locked with the key inside when i first got it. Turns out thats actually impossible to do with this case unless you have an extra key... so dont worry. Just dont be an idiot like me and give it a good tug when you get it.Above all it fits my Epi LP perfectly... as it should! hehe.
Its a tight fitting case. I am a proud owner of aEpiphone Les Paul Custom Proand it fits as snug as can be. When I ordered the case I assumed it would be made for my guitar. It arrived double boxed and wrapped in plastic. I am sure I received a new case. Being perfectly  protected as it was, it hadn't a mark on it so.As far as the construction, it not a flight case by any means. It looks as though it will hold up to at least some abuse and still do its job, to protect the guitar. My guitar does not move in the case due to its perfect fit. With this said, over time there is a possibility of wear. I would predict the buckles may be the first to fail. And then handle doesn't look as durable as it could be , we'll see on that.Overall this is the case for the Epiphone Les Paul. I saw the Gibson case and I just don't see them as superior enough to justify paying more. I am satisfied with my purchase and I think most people would be. Five stars for now. I will edit in the future if necessary.
Very nice case for the price.  Solid construction and perfect fit and protection for my Epiphone LP.  Would definately recommend.
Hello, I bought a Epiphone Goth Studio guitar and I also bought this beauty. I'm very satisfied with the quality of this case, as it makes my guitar looks very nice and very nice protected.
this case is the best i've ever had...very plush on the inside, and hard construction on outside is very strong...the handle extreamly soft to the touch...i guess all my other cases just don't measure up to this one...it even locks...if your guitar fits...but this for the quality!!!
The case is hard on the outside and soft on the inside as it should be. The pocket inside is nice for holding accessories. It does include a lock on the middle latch, but somehow mine eventually stopped working, as the lock isn't very good quality. The lock cylinder itself fell inside the lock and can no longer be used. Otherwise great case, highly recommended.
I use this for my Epiphone Zakk Wylde Custom Les Paul. It fits perfectly in the case, one of the best cases I own and have seen, the carpet is awesome, also has a pocket in the middle, what holds the neck up, and can fit a strap and even a pedal. Very durable case and seems like the younger brother of the more expensive Gibson case.
An affordable guitar case that fits my guitar perfectly. That's all there really is to say, if you need a sturdy guitar case  for a Les Paul styled guitar and don't want to spend a butt-load of money, look no further.
I bought the bigger version of this for my Riviera P93 and this case is just as plush and protective- best deal going for a brand new case - I just wish they had these for more brands-
I do some guitar repair work and one of my customers needed a LP case. I have bought a lot of stuff here on AZ so looked at this one and had it shipped to him. He says its great so that is my review.Prices are always great on AZ and Prime saves me money in shipping.4 stars is my tops, anywhere.
I could not believe the quality of this case, fits my Epiphone Les Paul 100 like a glove.  Very plush interior, plenty of storage and very durable.
I'm not much for brand names on my guitar cases. I figure it tells would-be thieves what they're getting!  I sprayed a little matte-black paint over the Epiphone logo. The case itself is quite sturdy and the inside is very plush. It fits my Line 6 JTV Variax in a very cozy way. Great case for small cash!
