The jam man solo is an AMAZING pedal. Yes it is a looper and an amazing one at that. The one thing that i thought was so awesome was that after you have played something you can save it to the pedal. It is a very handy tool. Another thing that is awesome is the pedals ability insert drum beats. If would %100 recommend this pedal to anyone. It is a looper that will loop all day and does way more than just loop. What more could you possibly ask for??
the product is great. a lot of nice features. i am running it through a little Cube amp to practice withand it is not the kind of amp you want to use. best results are going to be with an amp that allows you toloop through another available channel and bypass any effects you have on the amp like distortion. if you havethe amp overdriven, then the loop comes out that way too, and the byproduct of that as well on a smaller less capableamp is noise cancellation.Trying to solo over a rhythm part for instance cancels out the signal being sent from the pedal through the speakerand clobbers what you're trying to play over.Great pedal, but have a good amp with multiple inputs to put it through.
A looper pedal has been on my list of things I'd like to get some day for a long long time. Why I waited so long to get one, I can't say. All I can say is how glad I am not only that I finally got one but that I got this one. It is fantastic. Here's why.First, ease of use. I really thought I'd be slowly working my way through a long manual, then slowly figuring out how to use the pedal. On the contrary, I got this out of the box, plugged it in, and was recording my first loops in a matter of minutes. The instructions a brief, clear, and walk you through the steps. This manual wins on brevity and clarity in the great manual wars. As I delved deeper into the options I was able to quickly figure out how to do everything I wanted to do.Second, user interface. It's a pedal. It's got knobs and buttons. This makes me very happy. It's well laid out and easy to get to all the settings. Once you've got it up and running, I strongly recommend setting it up so you can set a rhythm on a new loop by tapping the pedal. The work flow with this thing is just very logical and simple.Third, features. It has built in drum beats that are simple but sound better than just a metronome and help you get in the mood to jam out your loops. The beat is like a guide track, not recorded into the loop.Fourth, plays nice with computers. There's a usb port and you can connect this to the computer with a standard cable (not included) and copy your loops to the free downloadable loop library software. There you can make some basic adjustments to them and organize them.Fifth, comes with an AC adapter. It actually has to since it does not run on batteries, but still, I was happy to see it in the box.Sixth, you can add an SD card (not included) to expand the memory substantially.All of which gives you some specifics but misses the overall experience. The experience for me has been pure jamming joy. I hear a song in my head, and very quickly have the basic concept captured as a loop. You can plug your electric guitar or a mic into the input, so you can capture anything you want.For the price this is a wonderful piece of gear, and my only regret is not having bought one sooner. I'm having so much fun with it.
Just wanted to say that they pack a lot into this pedal. I practice more now in the past 2 months than I have in the past two years. I highly recommend it if you are looking to spruce up your song writing skills and most of all your soloing skills. We got a good deal too. Amazon rocks!
I would give this 5 stars for the way it works but a 49 page instruction book to utilize all it potential is a bit much. Something simpler would suffice. Really just wanted to record a rhythm track and play lead over it. If you don't mind spending the time to learn all it's capabilities it's great.
sing that in a drivin and cryin 90s alt rock way. why? cause that's what this bad boy (or girl to be pc) does. It is instant ideas. The thing that makes this so simple and effective is you can simply record a riff (or melody/top part), then create around it, loop by loop, or just one idea with another on top. As simple as this sounds, otherwise, you would have to record a track, then play over that, taking time and killing inspiration in the process.There are others on the market, to be sure. I had the boss looper with 2 pedals, and it was noisy on playback. That was years ago, and I couldn't get rid of it fast enough! I've used delay pedals my whole life, and being a fan of shoegaze/dream pop, I have always had a love of layered guitars/loops, a la the church or the chameleons, or chapterhouse, lush, house of love, and stuff.I looked on youtube and read reviews for a while before my purchase, as I don't have money to waste. This seemed to be the best choice for me. The use of this live, especially without the footswitch (sold seperately), would be tough to be sure. There are some stop and start moments, as to be the case with loopers. The only one I've seen that seems seamless is the boss one or roland one with like 5 pedals and is like 700 bucks maybe more. There are demos of a guy looping himself with different instruments all running into it. For the price, it should be and is great.This little wonder though, is fantastic. The price can't be beat, and it doesn't suck up tone as some of the other ones do from what I've read. The thing I would say is, it's best for recording, and to use as an audio notepad in a way. You can use saved loops in songs, but since they are already formed, so it's silly to start a song with 5 guitars in a dense dance!my last thought on this, this is a secret, come closer......closer now...come on I won't bite..........A VOLUME PEDAL! that way you can layer with different adjusted levels and not bending down and fixing levels and such. sounds simple, but you'll see. I am going to look for a decent one.
This is a great pedal. I bought the extra footswitch to go with it, it makes it alot easier to operate. Does all I need it to do. Wish it were stereo. Stores 99 loops, doubt I'd ever in my lifetime need that many. I haven't tried the computer interface yet.
Although there is a great deal to learn to fully utilize this pedal, I was recording in an hour & had the software on my Mac talking to it. It sounds great with little of it's own noise. The percussion loops are fine & at least provide solid guides for recording. I have a GNX4 that I love & as far as this pedal goes, I am just as happy. I echo the other reviews that suggest getting the footswitch, it does help avoid having to spend a lot of time bent over & fiddling with the small knobs. ( Update ) The software works well & is very useful. It loaded right up with no problem. Memorizing the instructions will be a lot easier once I start using the pedal more often. That's the only problem with so many features squeezed into a small pedal. More than worth it though.
Very fun to use.Comes with a power supply.Very easy to control.I enjoy using this to play alone - It is easy to lay down a rhythm and then play over it.It can be used for drum tracks or to practice a section of a song that you want to repeat.
I just got this thing and have only learned the basics of looping (I've done two jams so far) but I can already tell it's an amazing tool for any serious guitarist. The reviewer Shawn in PA hit the nail on the head with his comment that he's "playing guitar twice as much and getting twice as good" - that's a great compliment on this pedal and I agree 100%.  What I especially like about this pedal is that it feels like it was the "missing link" in my collection of gear and brings it all together. I'm using my guitar, my mixer, my bass, my drum machine, my monitors whereas before just doing recording seemed like a bit of a chore - this thing really puts the FUN back in playing.  I think this is the one piece of equipment that will really bring out my creativity and I can't wait to see what I come up with, with my new "band" :-)
I have used the Line 6 looper in the past -Line 6 JM4 Looper. The Line6 is basically the same as the electronics on the SpiderJam amplifier. It's a decent looper, but it's too big and I don't need all the guitar tones, backing tracks, etc., that go with it so I decided to look elsewhere.I wanted a looper that I could fit onto my pedal board that could provide some basic functionality (multiple channels, etc.) and this one fit the bill. You can adjust the loop volume, switch quickly between tracks, turn the background percussion down (or off), etc. I purchased the extra foot switch to have a little more control over switching tracks.The only fault that I've found thus far is that the foot switch cable that DigiTech includes with the switch has a straight input instead of a 90 degree. This is weird, as all pedals on a board need a 90 degree connection or the cable will be sticking into the next pedal. To solve this, I bought a Hosa 90 degree stereo connector (it has to be stereo) -HOSA RT. ANGL. STER. 1/4" PHONE (F) - STEREO 1/4" PHONE (M). I've added a photo of the JamMan on my board and you can find a full photo of the board if you look at thePedaltrain MINI With Soft Casephotos.One other great attribute of this pedal is it's built solid and is easy to stomp on (you don't have to have perfect aim, just good timing). There are a few strange nuances, though. For example, you have to step on the pedal twice and hold to clear the current track. This gets the track started before it clears it. Not good if you were using it in a performance. However, there are workarounds (like just switching tracks). Overall - great deal for the price and, if you are looking to improve your lead guitar/improv, I would certainly recommend a pedal like this one.
