In my house alone we have a bass player, a acoustic guitar player, a sax player and a violinist, that is not counting myself (I attempt to play mandolin and harmonica, usually I fail) so diverse instruments used to require different tuners but with this little all in one the clutter of tuners and pitchpipes is history, I just set aside a music nook in the family room with this mounted to a music stand and everyone can tune before practice, the sax player sneers at us tuners but still finds use for the reference notes and metronome function built into this little beauty.just be sure to buy theKorg CM-100L Clip On Contact Microphone For Tunersif you want to tune your instrument while others are playing.
I have had a Korg CA-30 tuner for a few years which I really like.I wanted to get a metronome and liked the idea of having a combined unit.Initially I bought a Boss TU-80 for more money, but returned it because the response time and volume was not as good as the Korg TM-40,and the batteries rattled around in their compartment.Also I like having the middle green LED for tuning.The price here can't be beat and it's a well built item that works great.I was concerned about the power buttons sticking out too much, but they take more pressure that it would seem, and there is a delay until it turns on or off, so that turned out not to be an issue.I am not real hot for the color, but it's nicely made and works well, so I will live with it.I especially like the little folding stand in the back, rather than having to find an old credit card.
I have it for more than 6 months and mostly use it for practicing with the metronome.  I have another tuner, which is set EADGBE, that is much easy to tune without any confusion. Although this tuner has flexibility for tuning differently, it's confusing for me because it keeps changing the chord and going left & right +/-20 or more.  However, it's a bonus for using the tuner, and I don't have to bring all to the classes.  For the metronome, which is my initial purpose to purchase it, it's great and have enough adjustable calibration, 13 beats, rhythms, and tempos for practices.
I've owned this and a couple of other Korge Tuners in the past, and currently own three.In the past I would use a keyboard to get the bottom E on my guitar and take it from there. These days accurate portable tuners are so inexpensive I keep a few of these around and take at least one with me when I go out with my guitars. I also use it to tune my violin, and it works great.If you buy the new clip on sensor it even gets better.Over all for the cost you can't go wrong. These used to be expensive none-essentials, but today they're small accurate and portable.
Got this tuner/metronome as a replacement for a tuner-only model.  This is INCREDIBLY easy to use right out of the package.  The tuner function indicates clearly whether you are sharp or flat (or amazingly in tune).  The metronome is easy to use and has great subdivisions (eighth notes, sixteenths,etc).  For home and ensemble use, I personally couldn't ask for a better gadget for the price.  Very happy with it!
This little box is great for metronome use. It is loud and the screen is easy to see. The tuner function can be a little disconcerting sometimes. It seems to work ok but the display might fluctuate from G to C when tuning to G on a Bass guitar. I used it to set my intonation on a new Bass and it was well worth the price I paid. I would buy another one if I lost this one.
I really like this product as it comes complete with all functions anyone needs. I just miss the "mecanical" click of a mechanic metronome. The rest is just great. i've bought a cable which allows me to connect the metronome to my line6 amp and the result is much much better.
I am quite pleased with this product. It's relatively inexpensive, small and light weight.  It operates on two AA batteries (included). I use it primarily for a banjo and a guitar and the reference is easy to use and appears to be quite accurate.  The LED and large meter allows these old eyes to see it easily. I should have ordered the CM-100 clip-on tuner at the same time (placed a separate order later) to allow to tune in a noisy music (jam or band) environment. You can fine tune your tuning with the calibration settings. There is also a 12 note sound generator built in for reference pitches. The metronome is pretty loud for the small size. I have a hearing loss, so if I can hear it, even while playing, it must be pretty good.  The speeds are from 40-208 BPM. You can select between two modes PENDULUM STEP (Preset values, 40,42,44---88,92,96, etc) or FULL STEP which allows you to change incrementally by one (40, 41, 42---206, 207, 208, etc). Beat tap allows you change the time signature from 0-7 beats and also duplets, triplets, quadruplets and triplets and quadruplets without center beats. It has a 1/8" mini earphone jack for private use. It is possible to use the metronome and the tuner simultaneously. I bought mine from Austin Bazaar.  Shipping was FREE and FAST. I give it five stars and recommend that you can give it serious consideration.
This device functions wonderful but the beeping of the metronome could be a little louder and of a more pleasant tone (sounds like a 1980's video game beep) but I am just being picky. I bought this for my son and he loves it.
As an acoustic guitar player, I think this is a great product.I had previously been using the Korg GA-1, which is a fine basic tuner. The GA-1 works like many basic guitar tuners, where you designate the string and it shows you the note in standard tuning (or with one, two, or three flats). But the TM-40 works by just showing the pitch you're currently playing among any of the 12 reference pitches - making alternate tunings and open tunings much simpler.Now I use the TM-40 at home as my main tuner, and the GA-1 rides around in my case. Both great products.
Pros: It's a good tuner, it's a good metronome, and it's a great combination package. The flip-out stand on the back makes it easier to see than when it's lying flat. The metronome has excellent selections of different rhythms and is easy to program.Cons: the buttons on the front are raised on top of other raised areas, and it's too easy to accidentally turn the unit on. The tuning sound activated once in my pocket while I was sitting in the audience at a band contest. Also, unlike the CA-30 tuner, this one favors higher notes strongly over bass and makes it difficult to tune low instruments in a noisy environment.Also, it quit working suddenly after about a year. Other people I know who've had this tuner have complained about lack of durability.
Works well since I got it. I didn't change battery for more than 6 months.
The tuner is perfect for me.  It fits in the guitar case, mandolin case and the dulcimer case.  Just perfect for making those play dates at the Resonance Fair.  Always spot on with the frequency.  Nice product.
This metronome is a bit of the big size but there is really nothing like it.. It is so durable filled with options. Very versatile product for the seriousdedicated musician.
Tuner works as it should-- almost a little too precisely (it's pretty sensitive).The metronome will drive you crazy.  It has various beats which is a nice touch, but the sounds are horrible.  Think of the most sterile electronic clicks/beeps you can and then add nails-on-chalkboard for good measure.  There are much better sounding metronomes out there.  I bought this Korg for the tuner function and that's about all I'll use it for.
