I always buy the gross pick package and this is a damn good deal.  Never had such colorful ones though :)  If you need picks do the math.  It pays. ships fast as always.
Fender Heavies, what more needs to be said?  Great price for the quantity.  Just buy it so you don't have to worry about losing a pick or storing extras around various places.
I love these picks. I buy tons of them all the time. If you are like me and prefer to just strum tunes on your acoustic then these are the picks for you. I prefer thin picks for basic strumming as I am a beginner guitarist and they are more forgiving.
i bought these because i couldn't see spending $4.50 a dozen at the local music store. I figure 12 dozen will last me for years. Get them for yourself if you use and lose picks like I can easily do.
These are the best celluloid shell-colored thin picks around.  Tried all the off brands but came back to Fender picks in the end.
I have used Fender Thin 351 picks for 40 years but always in either solid black or swirl brown. These picks are great because when you drop them on stage or in a dark club you can find them easily.
I started using the confetti picks years ago, when I used to occasionally drop my pick.  No matter what color the floor/carpet/stage is, you can find your pick easily.  No lost picks.I like the extra heavy picks.  They suit my playing style well.  I don't have to wait for it to snap back, It doesn't bend. They don't break, either, although they do wear down over time.KMC Music Inc shipped fast and I got free shipping.  When I buy a gross, I only need to buy picks about once every 7 years.I would recommend these picks to anyone who likes a heavy pick!  Thank you KMC Music Inc for fast shipping!
These are the only picks I use.  They're Fender thins and the quality is one thing that Fender has kept consistent.  They arrived on time and I will order them again.
These picks break way too easy.  I only play a few times a week but they dont seem to last long when playing for more than a few hours at the time.
Great heavy picks, amazingly cheap price.  You really can't go wrong.  I lose my picks continually (Bermuda Triangle in my Laundry?), and this has been great to have an endless supply...
