this is a super beginners kit to get ya going and to build from.....the pencil condenser are questionable......they have picked up outside noise(like birds etc) but with a decent bit of white noise (but I may have had them running a bit hot too) the strange clamps have worked well for me
I was looking for a cheap way to get some drums miced up in a hurry for this Saturday's St. Patrick's Day parade.  I took a chance on this kit, even though I have never purchased anything that says "Pyle" on the label.  Upon receiving this kit, my first surprise was the quality of the case, and then upon opening, I was surpised to find that these were the EXACT same microphones as the ones I borrowed once from a friend to do some recordings, but branded differently.  He paid about 350-400 for his kit (still cheap by today's standards).I pulled out 1 overhead condensor and the kick-drum mic and mounted them, fired up the PA and had our drummer play a bit and was shocked at the clarity of the overhead mic!  We could probably get away with just using this one microphone to mic the entire kit, or two overheads; they pick up everything very clearly.  I turned up the volume on the kick-drum mic and was even more surprised to hear the thump of a much more expensive mic coming out of this seemingly too-small mic.  Now, I have a wonderful drum mix coming from only 2 microphones and my mixer has more channels free than I would have expected.  For fun, I added one of the tom/snare mics and they sounded equally clear.After purchasing this, I can tell you that there is absolutely NO way I would purchase one of the "high-end" drum-mic kits.  If you are looking for a solution for recording or live sound, this is it.  I promise you will LOVE the sound and you will be ecstatic about the price you paid to get that sound.
Shipped in time. Didn't test microphones yet, but I think this is best price for 7 microphones. According to the rewievs the sound quality should be quite well. I'll check it later.
The good:InexpensiveContains most of the hardware you need, drum mounts, etc.works with 3/8 or 5/8Has a carrying caseThe kick mic has a good low frequency responseThe bad:Has locking clasps with included keys, that are too big for the key holes.Does not contain any of the cabling and you will easily spend as much on that as you did on the microphonesNo instructions on how to use the mounts, or little things like you can use plyers to remove the 3/8" adapters from the mountsKick mic needs a mic stand, one is not providedThe ugly:The two condenser microphones are incredibly sensitive but at the cost of an incredibly high noise floor. There is a ton of hiss at any level setting and it will make your recording sound like a 1/4" casette tape unless you EQ out all of the highs on the condensers to kill the hissssss.
I have used these mics more than any other in my mic arsenal. The kick mic's base is beginning to fall apart, but I have used these things on the road all this (brutal) summer and the sound is still the same... I have other more expensive mics, but often use these in clubs as a backup (when the drummer doesn't have a favorite or bring his own kick mic). While it cannot stand up to say (my favorite) the D112, it does the job and the overheads are the easiest o.h. mics I have tried yet. The tom mics work on guitar cabinets and the mounting hardware is still in one piece (except for the kick mic mounting bracket) after months of use. I would suggest these mics as a backup for your expensive mics.UPDATE: Now that I have been using them for a while I can say they are reliable, durable and sound good. My AKG drum mic kit sees more action than the Pyle's, but the Pyle mics are always on hand to mic guitar cabs, percussion instruments like congas and whatever else needs mic'ing. The kick drum mic's mount is falling off, but considering how many times these mics have been hit by errant drum sticks and dropped by inexperienced technicians, they are in great shape. These mics have more life left and I have gotten a good amount of use out of them to this point.
For the money, I doubt you can beat these microphones. I just needed something for occasional outdoor shows and didn't want to spend a ton of money. So far, so good. I will say that the first shipment had a bad mic, but Amazon replaced it for free and paid for re-shipping, so I am happy about that.
