Despite the sensitivity of a compressor microphone I still use this to record heavy metal guitar. Only thing is I use a small amplifier, only a fifteen watt Line 6 spider 3. I can keep the volume down so the neighbors do not hear my guitar. Anyways, the only thing is when I use recording software I have to not record the guitar too loud. And oh my it records good! Now I no longer have to record straight into my computer where I get all loud over compressed guitar sound. I can record with drum loops and with the microphone it goes into the computer and I no longer get the loud over-compressed guitar sound that I never like very much. Glad I purchased this. For those who would try this for guitar, remember this is a sensitive compressor mic and you will get a very loud recording you will not like. So you just record as quietly as you can. This mic is sensitive! But oh boy I like it! Man I can play for hours and the guitar goes way better with the drum loops. And as I said before the amp is not gonna be loud enough to bother the neighbors. A good buy well worth the price.
now it doesn't work(same day i got it). In my control panel the mic is there but it doesn't pick up any sound. Followed all the instructions, emailed blue support and at first the person was quick to reply but now its been 3-4 days no answer. Maybe i'm being impatient but the mic only worked for a couple hours since i got it... If you guys know of any good alternatives please leave a comment.
This mic fits my studio need perfectly. It's USB connection works great for my voice overs with great sound and sensitivity. I would recommend one
Im starting a podcast. I blindly lept to buy the blue yeti. I can understand why one person with a youtube channel would love this. Great for voice overs. In sound proof studios. The sound quality was good but it picked up WAY TO MUCH ROOM NOISE. The ability to select the 4 recording modes is great. If youll use it. I would not reccomend recording 2 people at once on this. However recording a choir or something would work. But I will never do that and neither will you. This microphone only has a usb port. Not XLR. So no hope of expanding. If you ever want to host a podcast with 2 people you need to throw this away and get a mixer and 2 new microphones.Or you can do what I did and get 2 Audio Technica ATR 2100's, 1 Behringer Xenyx 802 dual mic input Mixer, 2 shock mount/broadcast boom combos and 2 windscreens for the same price as a yeti, raidus shock mount, the pop pop filter and a generic mic stand.Now I can replace my mixer and keep my 2 mics, or replace the mics then the mixer and do all sorts of expansions and add ons as well as get quality audio for 2 hosts on my podcast.Do not get this yeti unless your doing youtube voiceovers by yourself forever
I am not a sound guy - I just wanted something to plug in and record my practice sessions. This is vastly better than any webcam or communications microphone for recording instruments.The four direction settings are fun, though I find myself using the stereo or cardioid settings the most. The no-delay headphone jack is great. I was impressed the first time I plugged everything in and tried it out - it's nice to hear how my playing sounds from an outside standpoint.Setup was easy, and quick. I have experienced a few times when plugging it in registered it as a recording device, but failed to actually use it. This may be a windows problem, and fixed itself eventually.I am quite happy with the build quality. The base is hefty and wide, planting the mic firmly. The body and buttons are plastic, but solid, they don't feel or look cheap.
After 1.5 years, this microphone has lasted me a VERY long time and has stayed a fantastic microphone. As I am getting more serious with voice over, I am moving to better equipment, but as a starter microphone/ microphone in general: It deserves a nod of approval. Definitely a fantastic purchase, very happy with it!
I have used many microphones, from  expensive Neumanns, Sennheisers, Sure, AKG to the less expensive Berringer B2 Pro and Sony. I spent over 8 years in professional radio and 30 plus years doing voice over recording and sound mixing, so I have heard and used all types of mics and I have to rate the Blue Yeti at the top of my list for many reasons. First is sound quality, all the patterns have a smooth, open sound, the cardioid pattern has added richness for voice over work, comparable dare I say to a Sennheiser or Sure. The sound in all the patterns was not colored or muted at any frequency level, which what is I was expecting in the stereo mode, but in that pattern, voices sound great and an acoustic guitar sounded rich, plucky and natural. Next is the construction of the mic and stand, from the pictures I was expecting plastic, nope, it is made of very solid metal , except the buttons and switches. Third is the versatility, you can record almost anything in any type of circumstance not just adequately, but with excellence, try that with a $2,000.00 Neumann! The set up could not be easier, just plug it into your USB jack and let her rip. I only paid $100.00 on Amazon,a true bargain, for what is a top notch piece of gear, where the engineers of this product really took their time to design something of real quality and looks like a piece of art. The Yeti also stands up to audio processing, where I have to say all of the other mics I have used for under $200.00 show their weaknesses. The only thing I would like to see is a shock mount made for this mic, it is just too big for all of my other mounts, but the Yeti does not seem to pick up as much vibration from the table as other mics do (I also use a slab of 1/4" neoprene padding to absorb some table shock), and the Yeti has no real audible self noise. If you want a great microphone at an incredible price, the Blue Yeti is the one for you!Addendum 9-30-2011My complaint about the shock mount has been resolved, with the Blue Radius, which I received a week ago from Amazon, which I love. Makes this great, and I mean great microphone even better. I have done side by side comparisons to the Neumann U87, the Sennhieser D421, the Lawson L47, all top notch and very expensive studio mics. The Yeti sounds as good. Of course you have to learn how to work a microphone properly to get the right sound. I cringe at some YouTube demos of this mic, some of the folks are not using this, and I'm sure other mike's correctly to get the best sound. Also the more I use the Yeti, the more seasoned it becomes, in comparison recordings done a year ago, the Yeti seems to get a smoother sound, as time goes by.
This microphone in just a few words IS AWESOME.  The sound recorded by this device in all modes left nothing to be desired for me.  I use this mic for voice over work that gets added to videos playing in major hotel rooms.  Superior mic!
This was an excellent purchase.  Beside having a great range of audio pick-up, the mic is so versatile.  Great product!
Eveyhing arrived in a timely fashion, worked perfectly out of the box, and has been used several times to record choirs and piano. The sound is clear and well-balanced and the microphone picks up sound very well within the range of around 10 feet.
The latest addition to my desktop is the most flexible recording device I've yet found: The Blue Microphones Yeti USB Microphone. Long known for their line of high-end condenser microphones, Blue is increasingly known for their computer-ready USB microphones, like the Snowflake and the Snowball, and the Yeti is their latest and certainly greatest computer-ready microphone yet.Advertised as the first fully THX-compliant (a standard devised by Lucasfilms) microphone,  the Yeti is a large (12" tall on its removable stand), hefty, multi-pattern microphone suitable for recording, podcasting, or any other computer-related audio activity. It features four switchable patterns- omni, carodid, figure eight, and stereo- a built in headphone amplifier, gain control, headpohone volume, and a mute button. For even more flexibility you can remove it from its desk stand and mount it on a standard 5/8"microphone stand or boom.And it sounds great, too- even better than their well-regarded Snowball series. I've been using it for recording music practice, building tracks with Audacity on my Windows and linux boxes, and with Apple's GarageBand, and making calls with Skype. The ability to record in full stereo or mono is a real plus. Up to now I've been using a variety of microphones together with various microphone preamps and an A/D converters- a mass of cables and power supplies that bad enough on the desk, but a real hassle when trying to use with a laptop away from home. The Yeti has it all in one package. It may not sound quite as good as a multi-thousand dollar condenser microphone and vacuum tube preamp, but for the money it simply can't be beat.
Yes, you can make perfectly good pod casts and voice overs with this. Trick: treat your room with sound deadening.
I was looking for an affordable mic enabling me to make announcements from a home computer that would approximate, if not be indistinguishable from, the audio quality of the heavy-duty Shure microphones used at WGTD FM HD.  All the mics that I had previously tried at this price point and lower, including Blue's "Snow" line, sounded overly treblish, with pronounced sibilance (listen to the comparison-contrast provided by the first reviewer in his video demonstration).  By contrast, the Yeti is rich and resonant, and its sensitivity permits using it without benefit of a pop filter.  Short of spending 4-5 times more, I'm convinced this is the best option in my particular case.At the same time, as a musician without a home studio I seriously doubt I'll make much use of the mic for performance or recording.  As far as performance goes, the very size and conspicuousness of the unit could compromise presentation, upstaging the performer (at least a vocalist with a normal-sized head).  And for traveling purposes, I've found the Sansom Go mic to be the best fit with a laptop computer (even though Blue's literature shows the Yeti alongside a laptop).Blue appears to be trying to have it all ways with this product.  Its size and weight are likely to attract buyers as well as provoke reservations--perhaps leading some purchasers to complement what strikes me as a home studio mic with one or more of Blue's lighter, more compact microphones.  Its onboard amplifier and circuitry are convenient and permit unprecedented versatility.  But as other reviewers have mentioned, the volume, gain, and pattern knobs are rather loose, allowing for lateral and vertical as well as the expected rotating movement.  The knobs turn effortlessly but not with the ball-bearing smoothness one might associate with ultra expensive professional equipment. There's the slightest hint of resistance at one point in the gain control's circular movement, but it's not at the 12 o'clock position, so it's difficult to say whether or not the knob is intended to have a mid-point for quick and easy assessment of positioning.In sum, the Yeti should please anyone who wants to broadcast or record a fuller and richer sound than that previously attainable with comparably-priced mics, and it should prove a useful (not to mention handsome) addition to any home studio.  It's still a bit early to make any pronouncements about the worthiness of this imposing metal humanoid as a road warrior.  It's main competitor on Amazon--the Audio Technica AT2020--is pint-sized compared to the Yeti, and I'll confess I'm still not sure whether I made the best choice (the 2 mics have been alternating in the 1 and 2 slots of best-selling mics on Amazon for 3 months now).  I wish there were some direct reviewer comparisons to indicate whether the AT's relative compactness and light weight come at a compromise--however slight--to audio quality.[I experienced initial hesitancy on Yeti's part to make an appearance in the Input and Output panels (in System Preferences) of my iMac. Then I read the instructions, which discourage plugging the mic into a hub. Plugged directly into a USB port on my computer, Yeti immediately sprang into action. My hunch is that a good, powered 4-port hub would be equally effective.]
This is the best USB microphone out for under $100 bucks.It's a shame that its been out for a few years now, and there has been no one else to try and make a microphone that has the sound quality of this one.  I love its sensitivity and it adds very little color to the recording.  The sound rejection from the cardioid pattern is very good as I have this fairly close to my computer in my office and I can't hear the computer in my recordings.I haven't used this microphone with instruments, as I am using it primarily for recording voice overs for video, and it sounds great.The only thing you have to do it plug it in, and go.  You need no additional drivers to run this microphone in Windows 7. I did have to restart my machine for my video editing software to see the microphone, but it worked perfectly after that.I just wish that there was an option to skip the stand and just get a shock-mount - YETI combo pack, as I have mounted it on a shock mounted stand attached to my desk and haven't used the base that much since arriving at that setup.If you are in the market for an excellent USB microphone,  look no further, you can't get anything better than this for under $100 bucks.  Just make sure you get a pop filter for it, and Yes the BLUE Pop Filter will work with this microphone despite all of the negative reviews that it doesn't.  Just check out my review video for the Blue Pop.Blue Microphones The Pop Universal Pop Filter
This is a good quality microphone. The sound quality is good in the various modes, although I have used it primarily in cardioid and stereo modes. It's easy to set up. Under Windows 7, all I had to do is plug it in. The instruction manual hasn't been updated in years and gives instructions for Windows Vista and XP. The instructions for Vista are mostly accurate for Windows 7, but I found that the default settings are better than the recommended settings in the instructions. Also there is no driver supplied by the company. The Microsoft driver will work fine, and there might not be a sonic advantage to making their own driver. But it means that there is no custom control panel and you have to use the more obscure Windows ones. Also the icon for the microphone doesn't match the product, which isn't really a big deal. It's just a matter of attention to detail. The instruction manual is in English and French, but the warranty information is in French in both places. They both say there is a two year warranty and give a phone number in the Los Angeles area. There's a copy of the actual warranty on their website, although it does have terms that violate US law so I have no idea how they handle actual warranty issues.The only real negative I experienced when setting up was that it interfered with my keyboard. I'm using a fairly standard Logitech wireless keyboard, and it experienced a lag, and not all letters showed up when I typed. I unplugged the USB cable for the microphone and things went back to normal. Repeating the process yielded identical results. After rebooting the computer, the problem went away. Hopefully there won't be long term issues.The bottom line is that not a single problem related to the quality of the microphone itself, which works well, is very clear, and is extremely sensitive. It will pick up a whisper from 15 feet away with the same clarity as if I were sitting two feet in front of it. That's with volume settings that work clearly when I really am two feet in front of it. The down side is that it will pick up every stray sound from letting your hand rub your shirt to letting your feet rub the carpet. But those are practical considerations rather than limitations or faults of the microphone itself.
