I haven't used this yet, but it seems solid and idiot proof - just like I need. Play coffee shops and will help if I drop my pick. Very good price.
Not much to say - it's a pic holder that attaches to a music/mic stand and holds pics.As advertised, it does indeed attach nicely and easily and snugly to my music/mic stands, and it does, in fact, snuggly and easily hold pics.Well worth the small cost.
Allows me to keep picks on my mic stand for quick access if I need to grab a new one or drop one. Fits nice and snug on the mic stand and the picks are also snug into the holder. Would recommend to anyone looking for an easy solution to having picks ready to go!
It fits nice an tight on mic stand, you can get around ten picks in it, so it's a good product.
singing and playing menas you dont get to bend down and pick up that pick you just dropped. I loved this holder, its small enough to fit in your pocket and when you go on stage just throw it on the mic stand. loved it but i forgot it at a gig, thats the down side of it being so small, easy to lose, but it is awesome
I'm rating it 4 stars because although it is able to attach to most mic stands, it doesn't fit them all very well. Opening up for headliners, you basically get given most of your stage gear (minus your own instrument gear) so if you're given a mic stand that has a smaller diameter tube, this will not fit as nicely.  I was playing a couple shows and this thing would slowly slip down the pole (that's what she said).  Usually worked fine. I'll still recommend this wedgie.
For the money, this is one of the best products I've reviewed.  I went ahead and ordered two and before I even had a chance to buy them, the price dropped by a dollar or so.  They easily fit on your mic stand and save you the hassle of trying to bend over and find your pick once you drop it.  Definitely a smart buy.  Don't play another show without these!
Love the security of having my picks within grasp!  Great product and great value! I would highly recommend this to others.
Not much to say here but is really nice to have around. Hold my picks tight and has them where i need them
Just exactly as stated, this is a small rubber piece to hook on your mic stand or guitar stand. Holds 6 picks. It is exactly what I wanted for a great price. Thanks!Editing this review to say that today I got a few thin picks and the "thin" picks do not hold in this. Mediums do great but the thin fall right out. Fine for me because I will just keep medium in it but just thought it might be helpful information for someone.
How much can you say about a little piece of rubber that sticks on your mic stand???  First, it a great price - about the same as a Big Mac (LOL).  Second, it fits great & does exactly what it's supposed to do.  Third, now that I use a pick holder I wonder why I never did so before.I do have a tendency to break, drop or even wear-out picks when playing and this handy little device reduces the imnpact of this tendency.  I have some solid / heavier weighted stands that "stand-up" to a quick grab of a pick from this holder.  But when using one of my cheaper /lighter tripod-style stands I make sure I'm careful to lightly or barely insert the picks into the holder so I don't pull the whole stand down when extracting a pick.Great product - "couldn't live without it" (LOL), and it's NOT the manufacturer's fault I have some cheap light-weight stands....  If you're looking for a pick holder I can't think of any reason not to try this one.
I'm not a performing musician, so I actually use this on my guitar stand to keep a variety of picks close at hand.  Holds everything from a .5mm nylon pick to a 3.1mm rubber pick, and I have yet to see one fall out.  Simple solution to a simple problem.
Fits all standard mike stands.Stays where it is supposed to.The perfect accessory for the stage or studio.Will buy some more.
