Even though the title says "Acoustic Guitar Case", it's obvious that this is a case for A-style mandolins. I chose it because the lining looked a little deeper in the photo, and the reviews were good. Sure enough, the lining is soft and well-padded. The hardware works as it should, and the build quality is almost perfect. However, when closing the case, a small amount of jiggling is required to make the top seat on the bottom properly. Just a slight push-pull motion will allow the top to snap in place, then everything is as it should be. The case fits my A-type mandolin perfectly, and provides the protection needed to safely transport it in a car trunk or other place where it will be bumped around. The slight mis-fit of the top and bottom is not a big enough concern to warrant returning the case. It serves its purpose well, at a reasonable price.
I am VERY satisfied with my hard shell A-style mandolin case; I received prompt delivery, it was reasonably priced, and a quality product; thanks!
I bought this case for my Rogue A-style electric mandolin.The inside is nicely lined; the hardware is solid.It came at a great low price but it does not feel cheap.I recommend this to anyone with an A-style mandolin.jafmusicmix
Great case very well made and has great padding construction seems to be good and I have no complaints about this product!!!!!
I gave this 3 stars simply because the review has to conatin a star rating. I have nothing to say against the product or the company, only that this is NOT a GUITAR CASE! It is a MANDOLIN case! Amazon should correct this.Stagg STB-10W  Acoustic Guitar BagEpiphone Case for Epiphone Dot, Sheraton, 335
I just received the case today, the soonest delivery day on the estimation range (a plus there!).  Now having spent a long time pricing hard cases from all around internet, this price is extremely reasonable and a wonderful case.  Nothing fancy and differs slightly from the pictured item in that the outside rim-threading and basic locks (keys included) are gold toned (instead of silver toned pictured), but that doesn't mean diddly-squat to me.  Plush interior with a small, yet roomy, compartment located under the neck.  I am primarily a 5-string banjo player, but decided to casually play around with the mandolin, and so I figured I had better get a hard case for possible "long-time" storage (my first banjo lived in a padded gig bag for a few years before I started getting serious with it... and boy, not the best thing for it in small enclosed storage spaces).  This case will definitely do the trick.  Excellent value!- Additional note, there is a bit of extra play around the peg-head (I have an Rover mandolin)... I can see if someone traveled with this case and dropped it hard it enough, some peg snapping may occur.  But again, for simple storage/protection, its a non-issue.
