I read a lot of positive reviews on the 9.5s and after some use, I am kind of disappointed.CONSTRUCTION:They are just like any other strings, just lighter gaugePACKAGING:It arrived well packaged and was in perfect conditionPRICE:At $4.99 new with free 2 day shipping, this is a no brainer.CONCLUSION:I initially liked the feel of these strings, but the more I played the more I realized that it didnt have the tone I was looking for. I am used to 10s and 11s and though they are more difficult to bend with, they sound much fuller. I put these on my latest stratocaster build and have since replaced them with 10s.
I actually wasn't aware of this gauge of string until I purchased a guitar from the great George Lynch. The strings felt different than the 9s I use on my Fenders and the 10s I use on my Gibsons. So the next time I saw George, I asked him what strings he put on that guitar and he told me D'Addario 9.5s. I love them on my Mr Scary Guitars Burnt Tiger and that is the only brand/gauge of string that I will ever put on that guitar! I definitely recommend trying out a set.
These strings are best suited for Strats if you want to keep those easy to bend leads but have a little bit more tone. They're also quite good on Les Paul style guitars if you like slinky strings. My issue with them is that the B string and the A string are a bit unbalanced with respect to the others. I would prefer if the B string were 0.012 instead of 0.0115 and if the A were 0.032 instead of 0.034. As such, I prefer to buy the strings individually and customize my own set that way. But if you're not too picky, this will suit you very well.
this is as light as you want to go on a LP scale length.. about the same tension as 9s on a strat.so, don't want 9s, and 10s too tight then 9.5s it is.. nice strings
guitar string 9.5 between 9 and 10.  Does its job for those who want strings that are easier to bend than 10 and not as noodlely as 9.
I bought these D'Addario strings after going back and forth between 9s and 10s and have really come to like these sizes.  They keep a nice, slinky feel and keep a lot of tone through many hours of playing.  I'm really happy with this D'Addario purchase!
