But the quality of the sound is not much more than a transistor radio.  There's a slight hiss too.  But I enjoyed listening to it while playing.  And when you attach the headphones it works great.  Amazine that it works off a 9v battery.  Yes, you have to lug around a guitar cord, but what do you expect.  I went all out and got a Roland Cube which should deliver a higher quality sound and has many sound effects.  But that costs 2x or more as much.  I am in the process of returning it.  Look at the picture of it next to a Coke can.  That's what it looks like.  Some people complained that the handle doesn't work.  Who cares.  The tweed on the speaker looks like a toy too.  But that's sort of what you're getting.
for the price you can't really beat this little amp, the only down fall is that at full volume with the gain up, the little speaker gets kinda muddy, but for a bright clean tone it works well, the tone controle offers a well rounded array of tones and the gain is great from a blues to metal tone of gain.the headphones input just is handy when wanting to play into the wee hours of the morning without disturbing anybody, but with the headphones hooked up you can really hear the digital sound it makes... but for the money it's a great buy
not bad, if you dont use any batteryand use a 9vdc adapter thingie...make sure thingie outputs at least500 mA if you can ...tried mic, bass, and electric guitar and keyboardsthru this thing...all workand the distortion control... mostlly notnecessary for me, but others will find thatcontrol  is use ful too...it is a cutie and works for fun,and u might get loudness around 90 dBA onsome frequencies...  not bad at all...even got a headphone connect on it forlate nite playing...a good thing. for the price it is worth...
This is a cool little amp. Sure it's really nothing to write home about but I like being able to take My Strat and just sit somewhere and jam without having to have a Generator to supply the power to conventional Amps. I wouldn't perform with it but great for personal use........
I 'm obviously not a &#34;Techie&#34;.  I couldn't understand how my delightful, and so neat, little toy wouldn't work... until I found out that the battery was wrapped in cellophane - A-ha!To be fair I must explain that the battery was already installed in the tiny little amp when it arrived, so I didn't look too closely at it.  But of course when I couldn't get it to work for me, I soon discovered the problem.This product is the neatest, sweetest little delight for the eyes...and will astound you with it's capacity to roar out your music when turned up fully and respond immediately to your slightest touch on it's sweet little knobs to sound out your music from there and down to a whisper,  whenever you require it to.The sound from the speaker is as clear as a bell...no static at all...Truly an amazing little gadget... attractive, so portable and does the job of one twice, or more,  of it's size.
