I've been using and abusing pedal effects since the 1970's.  [...] , running all sorts of things through them, chaining them in all sorts of configurations, and have endured many 'wall wart' pedal meltdowns over the years. I said all that b/c I don't want to come off as condescending. I've learned that the single most effective way to power pedals properly is to have an infinite number of 9v batteries, or to be very careful to match pedal inputs with correct adaptor outputs. Check the polarity of the tip - is the tip positive or negative? You'll fry a Boss pedal in a flash if you plug a hot positive tip into one. Make sure the polarity matches (most pedals want negative tip adaptors, except Digitech which want 1/8" plugs). Make sure the voltage matches. A 3v adaptor into a 9v pedal won't power it. Checking that these things are right will save you some $, and some of the Behringer pedals (I use about six of them on my board...see product links) are "polarity fragile", and will break right away with the wrong adaptor. I fried a BBE delay the same way. Happy Effecting!!Behringer SM200 Slow Motion Effects PedalBehringer DD400  Guitar Delay Effect PedalBehringer CS400 Compressor Sustainer Ultimate Dynamics Effects PedalBehringer ADI21 V-Tone AcousticBehringer PB100 Preamplifier/Volume BoosterBehringer PH9 Classic 90 Phase ShifterBehringer US600 Ultra Shifter/Harmonist Ultimate Pitch Shifter / Harmonist Effects PedalBBE TWO TIMER DUAL MODEDigiTech DGR Grunge Analog-Distortion PedalElectro-Harmonix Micro Q-Tron Envelope Follower PedalJim Dunlop M104 Mxr M104 Distortion +DigiTech RP155 Guitar Multi-Effects Processor
Thought I would give this pedal a shot since it was inexpensive and sounded really good in the online videos posted for it.  Pros:  Very good sound quality, many options for echo to suit every individual taste, bright blue & flashing red (for tap tempo) LED's, stereo - dual out/in operation, tape + analog + digital types of delay = awesome, guitar signal "smooths out" when engaged, and class A bypass.  Cons:  Volume decrease by a hair when you engage the pedal, signal becomes a little bass-ier (but it sounds good) with the analog echoes, batteries go FAST (get the adapter).All in all, it was worth the money.  Comes with a warranty too, so no reason not to try it.  A lot of options available with this good-sounding pedal.
Great unit for the price. It offer a lot of variations in echo delay types.It is sturdy enough for my use as not a stage piece. Even so would nothesitate to use that way. I can't say what battery life is as only use withan AC adapter. The EM600 sounds great using outputs to 2 differentamps. I drive mine sometimes with the Behringer A/B box using one ofthe 2 pre-amp gain controls or the Behringer Tube Amp Modeler.Only downside is the settings type control for echo delay types is a bithard to read without getting close to it especially in dim lighting.This isn't really a big deal though and often don't put the EM600 on the floor..
Pros:I bought this pedal primarily in place of a volume pedal, or swell pedal, because it does that function fairly well, and a lot cheaper. Aside from that, it also does nearly every other type of delay needed:*the tape/digital/analog switch slightly changes the sound of each delay*the trails feature can be useful for holding a sound (in swell mode with high repeats) when the pedal is &#34;off&#34; and then playing over it with notes or harmony*the time knob acts like an analog knob, pitch shifting when turned after playing a note*the repeats knob can go from a little more than one repeat to self oscillation (sometimes runaway) depending on the delay type*the mix knob can nearly cut out the dry signal*stereo input allows for multiple instruments to play into itWhile the pedal has small problems, it compensates by inexpensive fixesCons:The modulation is a kind of adjustable width/depth all in one knob, and isn't the best compared to a chorus pedal. Just a general warbleThe blue led is VERY bright, to the point where you can't see the settings on the knobs, so I cover it with a sticker (it still shows through enough haha)*The casing is plastic, but it is thick and durable enough (maybe not for consistent gigging)*being a digital effect, the footswitch is not state dependent, in other words, if you turn off the pedal, unplug it, and plug it back in, the pedal will turn on*because it is buffered bypass, the effect will continue to draw power from a battery if a cable is plugged into it, even when off*the battery is difficult to get to because you have to press in on both sides of the switch, and then lift up*there is no noticeable &#34;click&#34; when you change delay type; however, the led flashesOther notes:almost half the weight of the pedal is the bottom metal plate. The pedal without it feels shockingly lightweight, but with it has a good amount of heft.
For those that don't know, this pedal is a copy of the more expensive Line 6 Echo Park. The two things that make it better than the real deal are the lower price and the (IMO) better tap tempo. You have to do an odd sort of clicking sequence with the Echo Park, but with the Echo Machine you simply hold down the footswitch for 2 seconds, and then set your tap tempo. When you're satisfied, just hold again to enter regular on/off mode. Foolproof.Some folks will point to superior construction with the Echo Park, and I won't totally deny that. That said, the effects modules and the construction of the Behringer pedals are basically the same - plastic where you'd like metal, and surface mount construction (practical maintenance is really only possible by the manufacturer). But again, there is a switch in the tone dock that requires maintenance at some point - if it can't be cleaned up, the dock becomes a paperweight.As best I can tell, all the other settings are the same between this copy and the original. That makes sense, as it saves Behringer the costs of any R&D; - they just had to make it fit in the dimensions of their enclosures, and alter the tap tempo algorithm/access. That's a win for the customer because it decreases the price. For those who find a moral dilemma in buying a copy of something else, I'd submit that most of what is in your pedal collection has probably been either partly or wholly copied from something else. Unless you want to restrict yourself to the known originals and the prices they fetch, this is oftentimes the standard option. If there is a worthy improvement (IMO in a practical sense usually more than a sonic one), it would kind of behoove you to insist on the original. The tap tempo on the EM600 earns its purchase, just like the lower noise floor of the Biyang Compress X earns it as a purchase over what it copies 1:1 - the venerable MXR Dyna Comp.So why only 4 stars? Because it's a 2-way street - the cost cutting means that this pedal will potentially be something for the landfill in years to come. There's no denying this, and to get 5 stars requires unsurpassed durability at any price point. Despite what you may think, it can be done - the flipside is an ever so slightly higher cost. Behringer probably decided they preferred the increased profit per unit instead, or didn't want to go above a certain price point and risk getting beat by direct competitors.The other BIG reason to knock a star off is that with a little amp that you have to crank to get acceptable volumes from, there is quite a bit of audible hiss from this pedal. If all I used were my bigger amps, I would have never noticed, and it wouldn't have been an issue at all. But the 21st century is a time of lower playing volumes in live settings, which means the smaller amps are more popular. So the hiss could absolutely be a deal breaker. It might be slightly lower than the P.A. you're using, but I wouldn't be so sure. I'd say you'd want a (true) 30 watt amp to ensure this isn't an issue, but that may be absolute overkill for the gigs you play.But my aggravations are really small ones. Overall, this pedal works fine through any amp I've tried it with, as some are kind of picky especially with delay pedals. I've typically found digital delay to work better with drive/OD/distortion pedals as opposed to analog delay, and this pedal is no different - as much as I like my MXR Carbon Copy and BBE Two Timer, they aren't nearly as flexible. This one IMO is on par with the flexibility of the old Boss DD-2/DD-3 or Danelectro Dan Echo. But it surpasses them with all of the different types of delay effects. Many of those are something I would never use, but I could imagine how others would absolutely love them. Or - they could come in handy for something specific, or be great flexibility in the recording studio.Also worth considering is that at the EM600's price, you could buy a backup or a 2nd one for different settings.
I've had this for 4 days and I'm so glad I bought it. Its basically a top end 2 second delay with whistles and bells you wouldn't even think they would be on there. I have had ALOT of delay pedals and this thing is limitless except for the 2 second loop capabilities.
This pedal is amazing. It has so many functions. Unless your a caveman there is no need to worry about it being plastic. I love this pedal and I would completely recommend it.
