I had high hopes for this replacing my pedal board but there are a couple of things I don't like about it.  It has a button clip on the back which is non-removable so makes it all but useless if you don't put it on your belt.  I don't know about you but wearing something on my belt with two 1/4 inch cables is quite a feat.  Add to that possible lines for headphones and an a/c adapter and you look like OctoMan.And what possible function does the kidney bean shape make other than making it odd to put down anywhere with the belt clip sticking out.  The menu is accessed by using a 4 position finger pad.  The main rotaries on the front have two functions depending whether you are holding another key down to access the second set.  This is extremely difficult to do if you need to switch between settings in a live environment.  I have had multiple mistakes and frustrations.IMHO the POD really belongs on a desktop for DAW recording.  It doesn't have much value on your belt clip.  Still have my effects rack.
I scored a virtually unused pre-owned unit for $50.  It is packed with features and there is a little bit of a learning curve if you want to really make use of the features, but simple plug and play operation is possible.  My original thought was to use the unit as an interface for recording on my PC.  My only gripe- and it is considerable - is that the unit sounds too digital to me- particularly as the chord or note starts to decay and fade.  I probably would have loved this thing when I started playing (more years ago than I care to admit).  I prefer a genuine tube driven amp with analog pedals.  Does that make me a 'gear snob'?  Not when you consider that low watt tube amps and cheaply manufactured pedals can be had for peanuts these days ;)  I've also owned a Tech 21 Trademark 60 analog modeling amp (not bad but traded) and still have a Tech 21 TRI AC analog preamp(great pedal and a keeper)- both are 'modelers' and both sounded better to my ears than digital modelers.  I just prefer analog all the way around.  I eventually gave the unit away to someone who has just taken up the guitar.  He likes it fine-  I gave 3 stars because it's a good way for junior to experement with effects and to practice without annoying the neighbors.
The Good:This is a good tool to practice guitar with headphones.The Bad:The tones are not good by any stretch of the imagination, unless you like hyper-distorted noise.  The cleans sound artificial and the crunch tones have obvious digital distortion applied.  The effects are hit and miss as well.  Plate reverb is decent but spring reverb is so artificial sounding that it's downright offensive.Throw in the fact it chews through batteries, the software interface you use to program it on your computer is really difficult to use, and how it loses its small-and-portable-factor with a guitar cable, headphone cable, and power adapter plugged into it, I'd be hard-pressed to recommend this product unless you really need to practice through headphones.
I had a Line 6 POD that worked only on the computer and was great for effects and stuff but not the best for actually practicing away from the computer and decided it was time to change that. I considered a few different brands and even other Line 6 POD models. I even ordered a POD XT only to cancel that order when I realized that you can download tones from the Line 6 website and add them into the user memory banks for easy retrieval.As many have said, the batteries that come with it did not last long at all, but that was kind of expected. I have since been using Energizers and those are lasting long enough for my needs, plus I have a 9 volt AC adapter that works great, especially when I am recording.To use it for recording, simply output from the headphone jack to the input on your laptop or desktop computer and you'll be able to record with all the tones you could want! I downloaded a Joe Satriani sound and am so happy with it that I have already recorded myself playing one of his songs with it and it sounds great!I am not going to knock a star off for this since they obvously put a belt clip on it for a reason, but if you are like me and still like to sit it on a desk every now and then, it will not stay put by itself as it is not heavy enough, but I found that you can put two rubber bands on either side of it and it helps it to &#34;grip&#34; better and stay put so that it doesn't slide right off.I am very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend it to any guitarist out there who needs some great tones to practice with. I don't play live so I cannot say how well it would work for that.
I wanted a portable headphone amp but bought this instead because it was only a few bucks more and offers a ton more features.  Though it's not perfect, it's like having a room full of guitar effects and different amps.PROS:  32 amp models, 16 cabinet models, effects + thousands of available presets = TONES GALORE; good software for managing tones and creating new ones; can be used in front of an amp (in case you want to know how a modeled Mesa/Boogie would sound coming out of a real Vox); lots of connectivity; compact enough that I keep the unit, the cable and the power supply in my case; no tech problems at all; built-in noise gate and tuner; easy-to-use tap feature.CONS:  There's a learning curve and you will need the manual to know stuff like how to change amp models; manual is a pdf file; hard to keep track of preset tones on the unit (though you can rename and re-arrange them with the software); presets based on famous songs don't always sound right; minor background hum; uses 4 AAA's in a few hours and the manual says don't use rechargables (though it doesn't say why); for legal reasons, the unit uses generic amp names (check the manual to match the amp model names to the amps they're based on); with everything plugged in the whole setup becomes a little unwieldy; doesn't sound as nice as a good pedal and a Marshall half stack (no kidding, right?  And I still don't sound like Alvin Lee).As an inexpensive effects box that also works as a portable headphone amp, this thing is cool.  You won't get bored with it but you will need to learn how to use it.  Master some of the amp/cab models and how to tweak them for gain, reverb, delay, etc. before you dive into the presets.  And once you've got the presets you like best, use the software to put them all in one place so you can find them easily.The Line 6 Pocket Pod Pack includes a patch cord, power supply, USB cable, CD, cheap ear buds, and MP3 player cable.  The Pack is 150 new, so if you're going to buy the power supply then just get the Pack.  If you buy used then the manual describes how to do a factory reset so it's like new again.
