So if you want to play just in your garage this is really good for the price.I like it, it's ok, the sound is kind of a cold distortion. If you like warm sounds you should see something else.
amazing the bestI can't believe ... this pedal is the favorite oneexcellent sound good metalwithout words..I recommend it  thanks behringer
Bought this distortion pedal for our son...who plays his electric guitar daily. He loves the functionality of it as well as the ease of use. It also produces a nice &#34;distorted&#34; sound quality and tone (I don't know if I would agree, as my generation hails from a different genre of music). But he loves it and I guess that's all that matters!
Very nice tone, very nice metal sound, very crunchy and deep. Well worth it for the price, on par with other way more expensive pedals. Definetly buy the power supply with it though, it just makes it better and easier to use. Very nice product overall
It has Great sound and distorts like its suppose to.I have been needing one for A long time.Thanks Beringer USA
So many tones to choose from with the variable frequency Eq and a nice range of distortion makes this a killer deal.
Sound 95% like the boss mt-2 just not as clear as boss pedal. Sounds like it belongs to 80's trash metal didn't really do me to good with modern death or thrash metal
It sounds very artificial, I remember first getting this pedal and really loving the sound and kick it had, now that I use it with a better amp, it sounds very processed and artificial in sound that it's not even worth the price I payed for it before. I also had bought another one to replace the first one because the input section jack got messed up in the amp that it didn't want to lock with my guitar cable and when I took it apart, there was no way for me to fix it other than sending it to be replaced. Shitty pedal.
I've always liked Behringer products ,There prices are pretty reasonable and the quality cant be beat.I just ordered there blues pedal cant wait for that one !
Don't let the price and the fact that they are plastic fool you. This is an awesome pedal. Ive had it for a couple of months now and i would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a metal sound. It is made of a tough plastic and as long as you don't abuse it to much it should be fine. You can adjust all range of sound and make it yours. As the title states I love the sound and I also love the price. Buy this!
