If you've read my review of the much cheaper Hohner Old Standby Harmonica, Key of C you know that I love the Special 20. It's great for beginners or experts alike. Sounds great right out of the box and plays well. I was able to bend notes right away with this one, while other cheaper harps take a long time (or never) to break in properly. All the notes/reeds sounded good. If you're serious about playing, you will be very happy to have this harmonica around. I've had many different kinds over the years and this one is my favorite.
This is the first harmonica I ever used. I did some research and ended up with the special 20 in the key of C. I have no basis for comparison and I am a beginner but this instrument sounds awesome! The construction is perfect and the included case is very appreciated : ) For $25 I can't complain!
tennessee saxe/fun to use... not going to be part of a blues band anytime soon.. Still, seems to be good quality..Of course Hohner has been around longer than me....
Easy to play. Decent quality. Not expensive. Easy to bend. Plastic comb with no recess.This is the lowest level you'd want to really play the harmonica and it won't break the bank.
I am a "newbie" to the world of playing the blues harp; however, I am not a beginner to music. I have played guitar fervently for the past 22 years, so I knew a little something when I thought I would try to learn the harmonica. Technique is of utmost importance and I found learning how to pucker and tongue block on this instrument was effortless. It sounds, for the most part, in tune and its tone is great. My kids love to hear me play it! However, there is 1 "con" to this wonderful instrument. After owning it for several days, the DRAW 2 hole went flat. I researched this and found that poor technique would likely be the culprit... so I worked on my technique some more. To my dismay, the one note on the harmonica that allows you to bend into 2 other tones, and is considered the "sweet spot" of the instrument, did not work right. Obviously you cannot take it back to the seller - it's not really his/her fault. I am not sure how to repair it, but I feel that I should have to do so this early in the game. Maybe it's my naivete' in hoping for a perfect instrument. So, I took one star away because of this problematic issue. Otherwise, I really like this harmonica.
Sounds great! Still suck at bending 3 &4. A buddy of mine got one, and he's killing it on the bends. we both been playing for about 3 months. Great harp. Will buy another if it ever wears out.
I bought the Special 20 Pro Pack(Keys G,A & C)!!Love them. Was using cheep Pidmont Blues Harps(toys)!!I had to have more, like an addiction!!I bought a D then this Bb, then E.Won't be long & I'll get a F!!This harp,Bb, has a beautiful tone.Always loved the sound of the Bb!!Made in Germany,quality musical instrument,not a toy!!If you own Special 20's then you already know how good they are.If you don't try one.You might end up with 6 like me,or more,in no time!!Worth every cent!!If they are good enough for John Popper & Bob Dylan they're good enough for me.A PLEASURE to play!!!Joe
Really great sounding harmonica. Beautiful sound and very well made! Very happy with this product and the price is incredible!
First real harmonica i have owned. Read all the reviews and this harp was recommended by many. The price is right and the quality seems good too. Didnt take me long to start to pick up some techniques such as bending and single/double blow/draw. Still trying to get the overblow. I am far from perfecting the techniques but this harp is pretty easy to bend notes on. It has a good seal also. Only change i would like is a more rounded shape in the back.
I am forever meeting people who rave about this harp, but had not tried one for myself until today. It is a wonderful harp, with perfect tuning, easy bend-ability, does not buzz or squeak, and belies it's reasonable sale price.  I went for the Key of Bb, and love the tone, the playability and the just right feel of the instrument. For anyone not yet having a Special 20, I heartily recommend it - beginner, intermediate or advanced students, or the performer on stage - this harp is simply great. I am not often surprised by anything but this harp surprised me - it is not expensive at all, and sounds as good as others I have that are four times the price. I am a Hohner Marine Band Special Twenty convert  - I will get a couple more to add to my ever growing box of harps.
