I bought pedal power 2 in order to use on my latest board build. This works perfectly and is actually fairly small for a power supply. I would say it is just a bit bigger than a pedal. It was easy enough to connect all my pedals and run the cables. My board looks great, works well, and I love this power supply
Sure it's a bit pricey, but I think having a top-notch power supply for your pedalboard is priceless. Just being able to do away with a power strip or two full of wall warts is amazing in itself. The fact thing this cuts down on floor noise AND conditions your power supply too? Sign me up. Pair this up with a Pedaltrain board, and you've got yourself a sweet setup.
Great universal power supply for your pedals, and the ability to mount it under your board makes it awesome. I have two of these that I mount under my board and they power all my pedals perfectly. Would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a unit to power all their pedals with, and you won't get any noise interference with its isolated outputs.
This device is the best you can buy.  There is nothing negative to write about it if you put the slightly high price aside.  Zero noise.  Indestructible casing.  If you are reading this review, you are considering investing in the best you can buy for your rig.  Do it!
Come with all cables needed.Solid and very much worth the money im very happy with this purchase no regrets at all.
This power supply is great for me. I attached it underneath my Pedal train and it works great. The 2 knobs you see on it can &#34;Sag&#34; the power to be less voltage. You can get your pedal to sound as if it has a dying battery in it.
This is a great product that does what it says. It's a tad pricey, but all in all well worth it. My only complaint is that it's not labeled in a way that you can identify what outlet is what when it's mounted in a pedal train... other than that, it's a great device!
This is simply the best power supply out there!  Everything is so quiet, with no hum.....powered perfectly.  Although I don't use all the options (such as the SAG option, and different voltage options, etc), it's great to have them available to me.  I'd LOVE two more ports........but I guess you can't have it all!
