I love being able to adjust the tension. Does not go sharp like some other capos that really clamp down.Just wish there was an easy way to keep it handy on my guitar.
I know many people love the design, but I find it much too frustrating. You have to be very careful putting it on the fret correctly, then snap it in, then turn and turn the screw, oops don't let it snap off again and fall off while trying to turn the screw. Then you have to go through the whole routine again to take it off and move it to another fret and put it on again. What a farce. This is the worst capo I've owned, and I've tried nearly every brand and type. Yeah, I've had people show me how to do it right, and I know to do it right. It's just wrong to have to spend so much time slipping it on, snapping it, screwing it in, screwing it off, having it fall off, forget it, it's garbage to me. Also, while I'm getting my callouses worked out playing for two hours every day, the last thing I want is to pinch my fingers against metal trying to turn a screw. It's actually slightly painful to the fingers (momentarily, but why have to deal with that??) to work with. This design seems like it was a non guitar player who came up with it. The only good thing I can say about it is looks durable.No thanks.
If you are familiar with Shubb's, they are by far the best capo you can get.  Some people do like the big close pin, but if you don't, buy a Shubb
Simple, compact, well constructed, easy to use, and sounds good; all things you would look for in a capo.This is the original Shubb capo, designed for most acoustic guitars with metal strings. The Shubb website describes the huge range of specific capos they make, each with their own specialized use. The C1 is probably the most universal of all the models. This fits a Les Paul Traditional 08 (Gibson Les Paul Traditional Plus Electric Guitar, Heritage Cherry Sunburst), aPRS SE Custom 22 Guitar, Grey Black with Tremolo Bridge, andEpiphone LP Special II Les Paul Collection Electric Guitar, Vintage Sunburstelectrics. The primary use is for a Laguna acoustic.Follow the simple instruction card included with the capo to adjust the tension. It's key to not get too much tension.We've had trouble figuring out where to park this capo. Mostly it goes in a pocket. Once the capo is adjusted to fit the neck, it doesn't clamp tight on the headstock. Not a huge deal, but a consideration.
This is the best capo I've ever owned.  It's a little awkward in that it doesn't just clip to the headstock with one hand, and it takes me two hands also to put it on, but not having to retune my 12-string makes it all worthwhile! I like the choice of colors too.
Some folk don't like these because sometimes they come off when knocked; but I like them; have few of them.They don't squeeze the strings tight and importantly; they look cool.
Researched around for a highly recommended capo and the result is the Shubb.  This is a capo that while is not easily adjustable to slide up and down like other spring types, it's a great capo and very durable in construction and material.  Like a good guitar that is well cared for, this is something that's great to hand down to the next generation.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I already owned a stainless version of this capo with a roller instead of the plastic tip on the adjuster screw. I like that one more and overall quality seems better on it, even though pricing was similar when I bought the first one. And the rivets on this one allow the parts to move sideways so they don't line up just right. But when I put it on a guitar it seems to line up okay, and that's the important part.
Easily the best quality capo for it's price. Looks great on any guitar. I came across SHUBB a few months back, when my capo finally gave out after 12 years. I bought the C1 stainless steel version of this same capo which made a good transition between several of my guitars, but I had to adjust it any time I went to use it on my Les Paul which has a 50s neck and fretboard.Ordered off of Amazon and it shipped the same day.I just got it in the mail yesterday, and it snapped right on the LP with a firm click. I didn't even have to adjust it. It looks amazing in use... and is just the best and simplest design.You know when you feel it lock into place that it is staying there no matter what. Don't forget to remove it when you guitar is resting. It's easy to forget it's there. Forget the oversized medieval torture device style capos... this never effects my fret thumb or forefinger--exactly what I was looking for in a capo.I will have these 2 for a long time, and I'm a Shubb guy from this day forward.
