This pick is great, highly recommended!  I love the sharp attack of the metal tip but the flexible body means the attack is not overly aggressive and metallickey sounding. I also I prefer the feel of a flexible pick. Grip is very good. This is my new favorite rock pick!
high end pick.  felt comfortable even with its larger size.  took awhile to get used to but really liked it.
I collect picks (or plectrums if you're a purist) and I do so for a good reason: I don't use the same pick for the same sort of playing style. I tend to use some picks for jazz; some for blues; some for metal and so on. Not all picks are made the same & some are far better than others.The Dava Master Control Pick (DMCP) is a very nice & useful pick. I've been enjoying it for heavy strumming (or as the metalheads call it, "chuggin'"). I like its thin center and the way it is overall contoured which makes holding it a delight to my forefinger & thumb.Another thing I really like about it is the metal tip which some folks may not enjoy as it does give a bit of a metallic tone when it touches the strings. This is especially true when you've just replaced your old guitar's strings for new ones. Depends on how you like it or not whether you like that metallic ting - I do for certain passages.The pick's construction seems to be fairly rigid & yet it has potential to do more than merely chug again on the low E & A strings. DMCP is definitely a plectrum that I will be using a lot of in the future and not just for hard core metal but also for subtle tones in jazz passages with the distortion off.Overall I give the DMCP 5 out of 5 stars for being what it claimed it was and for being something that I will find great utility for in years to come.
This pick will give you a distinct tone because it's made of metal, not plastic. I'm sure it won't wear out any time soon either. The size is regular.  I just wish it had a sharper point, but I can still pick fast enough with it to play speed metal.
I usually use Dunlop big stubby 2.0 picks. I used the Master Control Pick for the first time today, and I just had to order two more, because they're so amazing!! The attack is second to none!! At first the pick felt a bit strange as I'm accustomed to the thicker Dunlop, and I have to admit that initially I was a bit weary of the notably thinner Dava; but in no way has my playing been hindered, if anything it just seems to run along the strings effortlessly, and by far these are the most comfortable picks I've ever used!! What a find!!UPDATE 6/6/14:Still the best pick I've ever played. If you're worried about the metal tip of the pick breaking or weakening the strings, don't worry, they won't (at least not from what I've seen). Also, pinch harmonics are the easiest thing in the world to play with these picks!
