This pedal does add reverb and it is adjustable to different effects, but the range of effects is not great and the difference in them is often not very pronounced. It's kind of an &#34;empty&#34; sounding reverb, as opposed to more lush effects. The Reverb Machine (RV600), also from Behringer and for only $10 more is a FAR superior machine with more effects and better tone, though it has a couple of other minor drawbacks. See my review of that item for clarification.
From the product description, I expected something far more robust than this unit. By and large, I've had great experiences with Behringer pedals, but this reverb unit is the wimpiest I have ever used in 40 years of playing - no stronger than the reverb in a 5w First Act amplifier.
I bought one of these for a vintage Fender Showman that doesn't have built in reverb.  Put a battery in and plugged it in.  Very simple.  But the sound was horrible!  No setting delivered an effect that sounded anything like any kind of reverb I ever heard or would want to hear.  The closest I could get was a cheesy delay or echo effect that sounded awful.  On the other hand, the reverb from my Korg AX-100G (that I was using on another rig) was great.  Maybe my DR600 was not functioning properly, but I don't think so.  I think that's the way it really sounds.  So I got a return authorization from Amazon (very easy - never fails), put it back in the box and UPS picked it up the next day and I got a full refund.JM Tepper
I am a bit surprised by some of the negative reviews about this product. I have been playing professionaly for more than 35 years and in that time have gone through many amps, guitars and and dozens of effects of all sorts. The great ones I have kept over the years (Ibanez TS9 and TS 10, MXR Compressor etc.) and have put them in a small pedal rack that doesn't take up much stage room. The one item that I didn't have in a pedal form was a good reverb. I have had great success with other Behringer rack products (Digital Reverb/echo, EQ's, patch panels and other home studio stuff). The DR600 was my first Behringer pedal. I think it works great. I have had it for about 6 months and have used it almost every weekend since I got it to play jobs with my band (often several nights a week). It has given me no problem. I can't speak to the battery issue since my pedal board is powered by a "One Spot" multi AC adapter.
I ordered this pedal based on the previous 2 reviews, but to me it sounds very tinnie and cheap, plus the control knobs were a bit tight and hard to adjust. I do a have a few Behringer pedals and many are very good for the price, but this one I won't be keeping. To me, it wasn't even close to as good as the Fender amp reverbs...
Behringer usually makes good stuff and this Reverb Is No different but what It does best Is reverse reverb and moderate depth reverb Nothing else. I wanted this for Singing and I have the Danelectro FAB Echo which gives a short distance echo but I wanted something without the slap back and this does what I want It for but Not quite as much depth as I wanted but with The Music I do Not think Anyone can tell. If You want a good Reverb that Is above average with much depth then get the Behringer RV600 Not this. The power supply I use Is Danelectro which Is great, I also have a godlyke that I use.
Yes, it's cheap plastic.  Yes, the battery life is very short as this unit sucks the life out of a battery in a couple of hours.  Yes, the battery is difficult to replace.  However, this is the best sounding cheap reverb pedal on the planet.  I solved the battery problem by using a 1-Spot 8-outlet pedal power supply.  It doesn't sound nearly as cheap as its construction or price might suggest.  Everything from simulated spring reverb to endless caverns is here, and it all sounds great.  It even has a "modulated" reverb, which is a reverb with a slight flange/chorus affecting the reverb signal only (not the dry signal) which is their version of the Holy Grail's "Flerb" setting.  This is about 1/3 the cost of the Holy Grail, and the foot switch should hold up well under normal stage use (unless of course, you are an elephant).  For all the complaining I hear about this and other pedals with "cheap plastic cases", I have yet to hear about anyone actually breaking one while using it.  Behringer pedals are hit and miss, but this one is certainly a hit.
This "would" be a great digital reverb but for the fact that the more you turn the level up on the reverb intensity, it simultaneously fades the initial attach of the strum, pluck or riff rendering the reverb relatively worthless if you 'want a lot of reverb". What the hell was Behringer thinking???
