Cost efficient. perfect for a guitarist who loses or wears out picks easily. like it alot. will probably buy more next year ;)
I love these picks, they are my favorite! I bought a pack of 72 after trying the pack of 12 last year. These picks are sturdy and wont break that easily. I use them for rhythm runs and even lead. They are perfect for rhythm, flexible. My only wish is if they had some grip (raised end where you hold). For lead these sound dull. I much prefer a brighter, more chimey sound.Overall great product! Get it...
To me, there's not too much depth you can go into when describing guitar picks. Either they feel good in your hand, or they don't. Either they kind of &#34;disappear&#34; when you're playing, or they feel like a hindrance. These Dunlops get it just right. Enough grip to where you're not fumbling all over the place, and they somehow get out of the way of your playing. They're right up there with the Fender Classic picks, as my all-time favorites to use.
once i used these picks for the first time, i never could use different picks ever again! and its a great price, BUY THEM!
I love guitar picks. I have tested  alot of them, and this is by far the best one that I have found yet. They are perfect to hold, and very tough, although I do wear through them quickly, but I do that to all picks.
Almost a perfect pic for me. I use a .73mm. Just wish it was more like a fender pic finish...that being fender seems to stick to your fingers better. This pic seems to have a coating that makes is slightly softer to the touch or something.  Still prefer this pic to the fender because this one holds up much much better- in comparison to fender mediums.
hands down my absolute favorite pick. I have tried many brands, materials & various thicknesses but I always come home to the Dunlop Tortext Red .50mm!
Between the blue and the yellow, I have my needs covered.  These have a weird feeling when you first get them, like they have powder on them.  But within 10 minutes of using it, it'll stick with you much better.  I love these picks.
I've tried every gimmicky thing you can imagine and have always gone back to what simply works, these Dunlop Tortex .73mm picks, I've tried different brands, shapes and sizes and they all just get in the way, these aren't slick like some of the others, they stay in my hand and they wear ok (as long as I don't get too wild) and if I ever do drop one they show up super easy on the floor due to their bright yellow color, I would be lost if they quit making these or changed them any, hopefully they don't, these are great!
use it on acoustic and electric always lose them before i ever wear them out.  I dont go any lighter than the yellow picks sometimes i use the green which are a little thicker.
I always keep a lot of these on hand. These are the only picks I use when playing my acoustic guitars (strumming style & vocals). Since I play for several hours nearly every day I have a tendency to go through a lot of picks. These definitely last longer for me than other brands (similar weight) that I have used. For example, I can &#34;round-off&#34; the end off a Musician's Gear pick or a Fender pick in about an hour or so of playing and seem to get much more mileage out of these picks. The weight is great for my style of playing. They seem more durable than other brands. They're inexpensive and since I play a lot of hours I always keep lots of these on hand. I love 'em, use them daily, and rely on them !!!
These picks are great, the best part is the 72 pack. I always have spares. This is a thicker pick, I would recomend you actualy try one before you by 72 of them. The only complaint comes from my wife, since they tend to pop up all over the house!
I'm a beginner guitar player going on intermediate and I've quickly learned that anything from Jim Dunlop is quality stuff.
I've been using Dunlop Tortex picks for years, with the .60 and .73 being my mainstays for acoustic & electric picking.  They feel great, they're easy to hold on to, and they have exactly the amount of give & attack needed for my style of playing.  If I have any complaint, it's that the edges wear down with use, sometimes quite rapidly.  Still, they play so well, it's worth the cost of regular replacement.
