I bought this amp for my 7 year old son. It is great for him, but not really for a serious practice amp.Pros:SmallClean and dirty channelHead phone jackCons:Speaker is low quality and sounds rough when distorted or loud.Suggestion:Step up $30-$40 and get a better setupGood alternatives: Fender Mustang, Peavey Viper, Line6 Spider IV, Vox, or Marshall.
I can't say anything bad for it because I don't know much about it other than the fact that it works
I'm a beginner and is more than enough for now. if i'm committed to learning, i'll get a better one later!
Small size, easy to transport, and more than enough power to annoy a small venue with my lousy (but improving) guitar playing :-p
this amp is small in size but full of sound.  because of its size there is little bottom end but it still cranks!! very responsive, very clean sounding. this amp is well worth the price.
I spent a lot of time on Amazon reading reviews - comparing prices. I wanted an amp that would have overdrive and I also wanted some power. There are so many choices from the small portable units (I was afraid they would sound like toys) to the big units (They would sound great but I couldn't afford them). I am thrilled with the Starcaster. This amp delivers a huge sound and the overdrive sounds great for grunge and metal while you can also play crisp clear rock or country through it. If you want a small amp to take anywhere and be able to show your rock star image - this is the one for you.
I got This amp for my 9 year old son along with a Squire mini strat. Verry good combination. My son loves them both.
I bought this used off a friend when I got my first Electric.  It's a great little practice amp that is plenty loud enough for a small room.  The destortion works well enough.  Bass and treble are adjustable and seem just fine.  Input jack has held up real well so far (amp is about 4 years old now)and the speaker is pretty clean.  My only problem is that the volume just does not go low enough.  I can't practice while everyone else is in the room watching tv.  I suppose a set of headphones would solve this problem- but then its something else I gotta plug in and worry about.  I find that I like the sound of the overdrive better (especially thru my Epi LP) but just can't play it low enough.  I end up having to turn the overdrive off, and then turning the amp up loud and turning the guitar down real low.  If you have issues with volume control in your house- then make sure to get a set of headphones- or else you could suffer the dirty looks, and the banishment I have suffered.  All in all a real nice practice amp at a good price point.
