I have a 5 watt combo amp.  I was looking for a smoother sound, and got it in this tube.  It lacks the brutal attack of the Sovtek and the all around bright articulate response of the NOS RCA gray plate I tried for over a year, but I'm really liking this sound for what it is.  I think a tube amp ought to be warm and musical, with nice natural compression, and that's what I'm getting out of this JJ.
I'll re rate this item if my problem is fixed but maybe this is normal??  I have a Vox ac30hw2x and I put this jj 12ax7 into v1.  I have a significant volume/gain reduction now.  I know it's the tube because I can put the stock ruby back into v1 and the volume/gain is back.  I haven't checked yet but I'd say there is a 40-50% loss in volume.  I was thinking maybe this is a higher headroom tube?? It's not stamped to be one so that's why I'm confused.  Is it typical of JJ to have more headroom? I'm not digging this tube so far so back in goes the Ruby.
Without going to extremes and spending two-hundred bucks on an NOS tube from 1957, I recommend for us frugal individuals to go the cheaper route until you get your first platinum hit.JJ's tubes are well-trusted and have become the defacto standard when selecting quality and tested reliability.BTW - 12AXT and ECC83 are the same tube.I can't remember the last time I had a JJ tube go microphonic beyond control.I have played full time for over 27 years. I use these.Hope this helps.
Popped one of these into my Hartke LH500 Bass Head it it sounds great....the stock tube was sounding a bit harsh and this one sounds a bit cleared and more defined....nice tube,
I bought these when I had to re-tube my Marshall JCM800 2203KK head. This is the only tube head I have played or had so I really cant tell you how they compare to other brands but these things rock. They are very good for metal/hard rock and have lasted a year now, while gigging and practicing weekly. I was recommended to JJ by a friend who only uses them and I will likely be doing the same. I paired them with the JJ KT88s and these things just rock.
I own a Fender '65 Reverb Reissue, and I had learned from many guitar gurus and such that the best tubes that sound amazing are very, very difficult to find. However, I bought this JJ Electronics one expecting something decent to tide me through until I had enough money to afford a higher-end tube, and this blew me away. I was surprised at how good the tone of the amp was and how it made my guitar sound.This was well worth the small amount of money that I paid for it. In fact, I think I will just go ahead and keep using this permanently until it's almost dead before I purchase another tube.
I opted to use the EH for its different tonal characteristics, but sometimes I still switch this one in. It's a good quality, great sounding tube. The JJ seems to be slightly more even in tone, and a little bit better sustain in the low mids, if that's what you prefer.
These tubes just aren't for me. They don't sound great...kind of flat and lifeless. Also unreliable. One (out of 7) arrived DOA and another has failed since.
Throw this bad boy in anything and it will make a world of difference, particularly if the tube being replaced was a cheap tube.
