I bought this for my teen son for Christmas. He loves to play his bass and sing along. He had a different Shure mic and it was totally flat compared to this particular model. Nice and clean sounds, plus it seems pretty sturdy. We did get him a mic stand and it fits on it perfectly and stays put. Shure knocked this one out of the park.
these are my preferred mics for practice and gigs... an all around tough mic....great for all your needs...I highly recommend them..
The industry standard for live performance, the SM58 has withstood the test of time and for good reason. These are the only microphones that I perform with, and the on/off switch makes it easier so I don't have to power down all of my gear when I am done practicing...I just turn the mic off.
It is not a bad mic for the price ( If you want a real good one with studio quality mic it would cost over 600 bucks) but it is no comparison to a studio mic since I have worked in a recording studio. Now, you need to decide what you want, getting a studio mic alone does not give you the result you are looking for; it is like having HD TV and BD player but playing an ordinary CD. You would have to compliment the mic with many other products like a studio quality mixer, speakers and so on. If you are a home or hobby user, then go for this mic. This mic is quite good for its price. I would probably say, it exceeds your expectations.Arrived as promised in a frustration free packing. Also, make sure you buy a foam mic hood for the mic to save it from unwanted dirt and spit.The only reason I did not give 5 stars is , mine had a little dent on the body ( may be due to transportation) but it has nothing to do with the function but just the looks.
How do you review an SM58?? I've used these most of my life, and will continue to. Very durable, I got this to replace the same, a 20 year old, rusted / dented grill 58 :) I also use a D5 (AKG - same price) and a line 6 wirelesss, but the 58 is always reliable first choice or backup.
The first rule of microphones is that, "No one microphone is perfect for every purpose."  Rule two is, "Experiment with different mics in different applications to find your signature sound."  I've used Shure SM58's along with their ancestors and relatives back to 1968.  I primarily used them for broadcasting and recording spoken word content but I have used (and still do use) them for singing some back up vocals.The SM58 does one thing well and that is vocal performance when used very close to the mouth for public address use.  Some people, me included, actually sound better and more comfortable in a live performance setting when using another mic, the Shure SM-57.  The SM-58 is a very good vocal mic and for some people probably the best choice.  For example, anyone who can not resist putting the mic right up against their lips while singing will probably want the SM-58.  People with softer or weaker voices will want the SM-58.The SM-58 is highly directional and has a noticeable yet manageable proximity effect (which means the bass increases the closer you get.)  This mic does not pick up well from much over 8 inches away.  The reason so many singers think you are supposed to shove microphones practically inside your mouth is because the ball type Shure vocal mics require you to get them very close or they don't sound right.  On the other hand, the SM-57 sounds best several inches away from the user's mouth and works fine up to 12 inches away.  While the SM-58 is certainly the number one professional PA vocal mic, there are precious few other uses for it because it has a colored sound with a prominent frequency response boost in the upper midrange plus a sound source has to be very close before it is picked up clearly.  It works ok for conga drums and the like, but the SM-58 is about the last thing you'd want to use to mic a sax or guitar.  Personally these mics are not the best for my mic technique or the basic nature my voice, but for some people they sound great.  The live vocal mic that works best for me is the Shure SM-57 with a windscreen.  However for other people the SM-58 works better.  It depends on your voice and what you want the mic to do.  If you have a very deep voice, the SM-58 might be the second best choice after the SM-57 which has a better low frequency response.One certain advantage of the SM-58 is the excellent gain before feedback capability.  This mic can be turned up louder than almost any other mic without that annoying PA squeal.  Another advantage of the SM-58 is that it is still available (at a slight extra cost) with a built-in on/off switch.  The SM-58's ball shaped grills are very sturdy and even if you should dent one you can get a replacement which screws right on for about ten dollars.  I've seen SM-58's dented, rusty, dusty, smoked up, spit into, with pieces missing and slammed into a hardwood stage with the full weight of a boom stand adding mass to the fall and yet I've never seen but one stop working and that malfunction was due to an on/off switch that got dirt in it.All the pro-line Shure mics are top quality.  The pro line Shures also hold their value well.  If you buy one and decide you don't like it, you can get about what you paid for it on eBay.  I would compare as many mics as possible before buying one.  Senneheiser's EVOLUTION mics sound really good too and are worth a look. The SM-58 will be the number one on-stage vocal mic for the foreseeable future because most people follow the crowd instead of actually trying out different mics and picking the one that works best for their particular voice.  These things are so durable that even if they stopped making them today they'd still be around for another 20 years at least.
legendary performance indeed! works perfectly, extremely easy to set up, very good sound, good price, that's 'bout all you need to know!
Great all around mic used for vocals.  No frills, tough as nails, and great sound for live music.  If you're buying your first mic (or switching from a cheapie) and intend to use it for singing/vocals, this is a mic that any musician would probably recommend without hesitation.  I've never used another one since the first time I switched from a cheaper mic (that came with some bundle) 10 years ago.  I depend on the smoothness of my vocals to carry off songs and this mic reproduces the warm sounds I like perfectly.  You can stand 3 feet away and really wail, or get up close for some bass response, or anything in between.The SM58-CN comes with the mic, 25-ft cable, cable tie, carry pouch, and mic clip.  The standard SM58 does not have a switch (one less thing to break and I don't miss it)  but the SM58-S does have it for a few dollars extra.
I've just got the Shure SM58 microphone.As expected, this is a real workhorse of microphones; the sound is clear, crispy, robust, high quality product.Also, I've bought it at Amazon and they sold through J&R; Music and Computer World which is an excellent supplier. They shipped in less time than expected.I'm a really happy customer now.
no complaints here! the quality is great! the sounds is excellent! and my voice sounds wonderful and crisp. use it all the time.
A nice addition to my recording home studio!  I recommend it for any one who records ballads or light classical music.
This mic works better for some people than others. That being said it is the first mic I put in a lead singers hand upon meeting them. If it doesn't sound good then I try something else. I have no complaints it is my GO TO MIC.
I bought two microphones, a AKG D5 and SM58.  I like AKG D5 a little better than this because the vocal sounded a lot clearer and crisp on the AKG.The SM sounded muted compared to D5 without any sound modification out of box.  The output is also a little less sensitive than the D5.However I like the look of SM58 and it seems to be extremely durable.
In the immortal words that John Cameron Swayze used when hawking his Timex watches during the early days of live television, the Shure SM58 Vocal mic fits perfectly into that same category.Before I found a career as a film and television sound recordist and mixer, I played in rock bands and did live sound mixing. One of the very first mics we truly fell in love with was the SM58. Introduced by the Shure Brothers Company in 1966, the SM58 quickly rose to become the industry standard in rugged road mics that actually sound good to the ear and are nearly indestructible.The mic capsule is of cardiord (heart shaped) design which helps reject sound from either side. There is a 4K bump in it's frequency which helps vocals cut through stage noise. Construction is rugged, frequency response is 50 to 15,000 Hz, and the capsule sits internally on a foam shock mount to help isolate it from handling noise.We used to joke about the SM58 in that if you needed a hammer and you couldn't find one, just grab one of these, they are that tough. I've seen some of these on the road that you couldn't believe still worked, but they did and sounded great.The cage style pop screen gives the SM58 not only it's distinctive look, one that influenced many other mic brands from the day it was introduced, but it's part of the functionality. Internally lined with a layer of acoustic foam, the cage helps keep vocals pops from getting to the dynamic mic element. As a frame of reference, theShure SM57LC Shure SM57 Cardioid Dynamic Microphoneis the same exact mic and capsule, but without the pop screen.Shure also sells a Performer series mic, theShure Beta 58A Supercardioid Dynamic Microphonethat looks almost identical to the SM58 but uses a totally different mic capsule and transformer and has a different sound so try before you buy.The Shure SM58 is still considered the industry standard of live performance mics today and for the price, they really are a good deal.
I made the mistake of thinking I could save forty bucks and get by with the Shure PG-58.  I'm no vocalist but occasionally need to do announcements or accommodate a guest vocalist through an instrument amp (rather than a P.A.). Whatever the reason, the PG-58 simply doesn't have sufficient gain or oomph to be of much use with the Roland Cube / Peavey amps I try to employ it with (I use a 1/4" adapter with the XLR connector that comes with the mic).  When I borrow a Shure SM-58 mic from someone, the difference is instant and dramatic--it's a far more efficient (i.e. louder) mic, producing a full, clear sound, and without additional pre-amplification, demonstrating why it's the most popular microphone in the world.  For five bucks extra, I can't fathom a reason for avoiding the SM-58S, the version with an on-off switch.  It's a small price to pay for quick solutions to feedback or the unwanted pick-up of "private" comments by indiscreet band members.  And even if you're an instrumentalist, it may be wiser to select the SM-58 over the SM-57.  The former mic is a little more ostentatious, but it's also slightly more adaptable, and the screen can filter out a certain amount of wind noise and unwanted non-musical sounds. Above all, the SM-58 has proven itself to be the Sherman tank of microphones, simply unparalleled for ruggedness and durability.[I see a review cautioning the consumer to be wary of "this seller."  Perhaps a good point unless it's in reference to Amazon Prime, which is the Shure SM-58 of commerce: competitive prices, no postage, easy returns.  But anyone who returns an SM58 probably had no business buying it in the first place.  They are the populous drones of the industry, invariably purchased by professionals who know first-hand what they're getting--reliability and virtual indestructibility.  In fact, it's the very popularity of the SM58 that has led to all of the slightly less or more expensive imitators.  Consumers require choice, but with the Shure SM58 there need be none.]
There are plenty of flashier - prettier - modern-er looking or more nostalgic looking microphones out there.  Its all just so much marketing garbage. These mics are the best mic for the buck out there.  Anyone who claims to be able to tell the difference between this and far more expensive ones is blowing smoke up your a**.
The mic is well made (heavy on the &#34;mic&#34; end), but I have yet to try it with my pop filter and multi-track studio.
