We live in an age of endless boutique guitar effect pedals.  One could make a very expensive hobby of collecting only high dollar dirt pedals.  It's not unusual to see an online review and think a pedal sounds good then find out that it costs $150, $200, $250, $350...whatever.  There are a LOT of really expensive distortion/OD pedals out there.I've had my Bad Monkey for about 7 years, after hearing good things I took a chance and gigged with it for many years.  I rarely use a lot of gain on most pedals, just because those fuzzier tones can easily get lost in the mix.  I generally use the Bad Monkey for mid-gain crunch tones, and for that it's just fantastic.Having two tone controls makes all the difference.  This pedal is Tubescreamer-esque, but not as midrange-heavy as a TS.  Anyway, this thing sounds great.  Excellent classic rock and lead tones.The things it WON'T do: 1) a clean boost.  It has plenty of output, but there's always a little bit of dirt in the signal, so it can't be used as a pure clean boost.  2)  it won't clean up when you turn your guitar down...or at least not much.  No dialing in a crunch tone then turning down your guitar volume for a clean rhythm tone.  I have a Barber LTD which does that beautifully.But, despite those limitations, the Bad Monkey is awesome.  At the very least it can be a great "throw in your case to take to a jam" pedal, but it's worth having on your pedalboard, as well.
This is a very good TS type pedal at a great price.  The ability to adjust treb and bass is nice.  The enclosure is metal, the knobs feel sturdy, and the switch has a durable feel.  This is an analog pedal an the only Digitech pedal I've ever contemplated keeping.  I ordered this pedal through Amazon and had it for a few days but ultimately sent it back because it was redundant in my arsenal.  If you don't have a TS type pedal this is a good, cheap choice. Personally, I didn't think it sounded any better (or worse) than my other TS type pedals (Behringer TO800,Joyo Vintage Overdrive,Deltalab TO-1,TS808 and TS7).  As I indicated, I have the tubescreamer sound well covered lol.  I opted instead for the Dano Cool Cat transparent overdrive and I am very happy.  If you don't have a TS type overdrive and are thinking about dropping a bunch of cash on a TS808, you may want to check this out first.
I've had this pedal for about five years.  I own a bunch of other overdrive pedals, including the Boss SD-1, TS-9, a Klon clone, and a bunch of DIY pedals.  The Bad Monkey is cool for a couple of reasons.  First is the bass and treble controls.  Most overdrive pedals only have one tone control, the Bad Monkey lets you sculpt both the highs and lows.  Second is the mixer out.  Not everyone will appreciate this feature but it allows you to jack the pedal into a mixer or audio interface with a "speaker sim".The gain sound is ok, but what I do is use it as a boost by diming the output and turning the gain all the way down which slams my tube amp giving me a natural tube overdrive.  This pedal will work best with a tube amp but some people may dig the gain tone on a solid state.It's built like a tank.  Can't go wrong for the price, IMO.
This is purely an overdrive pedal, not a distortion pedal.  It increases the gain and dirties your tone, but it does not actually distort your sound.If you're a metal or hard rock player, don't buy this.  It's better suited for country, soul, R&B;, blues, or even jazz players who want to boost their volume and umph when they're doing a solo.  For that it's excellent, especially considering its very low price.And despite its very low price, it's very solidly built.  It's like a brick.This update is to point out that I've only used the Bad Monkey pedal with tube amps: A Fender Blues DeVille 4x10 and a Line 6 Spider Valve HD100 MK II running into an Ampeg 4x12.  I have no idea how it'll sound with a solid state amp.  But it sounds great with a tube amp.This update is to point out that I finally tried it with a solid state amp and it sounds pretty darn good.  I recently bought a 100 watt Fender Mustang III combo to use as a practice amp.  It perfectly compliments my Fender Blues DeVille 410/Fender Mustang floorboard combination.  As I've said, I use the Bad Monkey as a boost for soloing.  Whether I'm playing clean or dirty, the Bad Monkey gives my guitar a rich/deep/great sounding boost.This update is to reiterate how awesome this pedal is.  I rarely play directly through any of my amps, e.g., Fender Hot Rod Deluxe, Blues Deville, Super Champ x2 or Ampeg B25, I'll turn down the gain on the Bad Monkey and use it for a much fatter "clean" sound.  It's just so thick, like texas chili with lots of umph.  You've got to get this pedal.
I love this pedal. I bought one used at GC the other day for $30 and never looked back. Before it I was using a Joyo Vintage OD that is also an excellent 808 Clone but this pedal is able to tweak the highs and lows better. I have it set so the level is set to 9:00, Low is set to 1:00, High is set to 9:00 and the Gain is set to next tuesday. I prefer a beefier tone with a little less highs and it does that. It also is a nice smooth OD not too crunchy.For a cheap 808 clone this is the best I have used hands down.Maxon 808 - $150Ibanez TS9 - $100Digitech Bad Monkey - $60Joyo Vintage OD - $50All great pedals for the money but not really sold that the Maxon is 2 1/2 times better.
This pedal makes my Les Paul sing.  Better than I imagined, even with all the good reviews.  Such a wide range of sounds; warm jazzy boost, great blues overdrive, and almost some Black Sabbath distortion.  Makes my crappy Behringer amp sound... almost good.
I think that this pedal is a good value as an overdrive pedal but its speaker simulated 2nd output makes it a great value as a stand alone guitar preamp!I plugged it into my DAW and listened on my KRKs and was impressed by its sound.  The overdrive is quite good.  No, it can't hold a candle to my J. Rockett Pedals Alan Holdsworth Signature Overdrive but at $48.00, it's an absurdly good buy.
While I don't have a ton of experience with pedals, I really love this one. Keeps your guitars tone but you can add some fatness and a mild to fairly substantial crunch and adds some nice sustain. Although this is a tube-overdrive I actually think it sounds better with my solid state amp. It is nothing real drastic but that is exactly what I was looking for, a nice robust boost while keeping your guitar tones integrity. For the price I don't see how you can beat this pedal. I also have a Digitech Jam Man and it is awesome. No complaints with this outfit.
More knobs are not always better.  In the case of this pedal, the controls are really sensitive, there's a pretty big mid hump that's hard to dial out, and the low end control can make things really boomy, or add a little chunk to the sound.  You can do a lot with it, but I struggle to find what it does best, because it doesn't really do edge of distortion well (it doesn't clean up), and it's not a really high gain distortion pedal, but it can just add a bit of tightness, hair metal mids, or thump to a standard OD sound.  Basically, if you have your amp set for 70s rock, you can stomp on this and get Motley Crue or maybe Bark at the Moon era Ozzy.Like a tubescreamer, this thing lets a little bit of the clean signal through so you hear the distorted guitar mixed with clean signal.  The circuit design is nothing like a tube screamer, but it can work as a substitute ( I think if you wanted the tube screamer sound, theJoyo JF-01 "Vintage Overdrive" Pedalwould be better just for simplicity sake and being more of a clone).So it's not bad, but its just not on the level of boutique pedals and their clones.  If you get tired of it, give it to your bass player or try it with a bass for an interesting tone.
If you listen or read what many pro guitarists and techies have to say about DigiTech effects pedals, they'll tell you to stay away from them...except for this one.  That's because the DigiTech Bad Monkey Tube Overdrive is an incredible value that could go head to head with any pedal made by BOSS or the $100 TS-9 Tubescreamer.In fact the TS-9 Tubescreamer is the pedal the Bad Monkey is best compared to.  This is not meant to be a heavy distortion pedal with endless game - it simulates and overloaded tube amp that adds crunch and a little gain to an otherwise clean tone.  Notes will sing and chords will really crunch, especially in blues and classic rock.  But since the pedal works well as a level/gain boost, I've heard of guitarists turning on the Bad Monkey in conjunction with other distortion effects, to really push them to new levels.But the best feature of the Bad Monkey by far is the two-band EQ.  Virtually any distortion pedal has a "Tone" control that will make the tone darker or brighter.  But since one band EQ basically takes away bass to add treble (or vice versa), you may not find the sound you want.  That's what's so great about the Bad Monkey - if you feel like your tone is too weak, you can fatten it up.  If it's too muddy, you can add treble.  And you can make those changes without compromising the parts of the tone that you like.Construction is extremely durable - die cast metal, and probably heavier than a BOSS pedal.  The switch is more similar to a BOSS than an Ibanez pedal, but I find that easier to use.If you're a beginning player or a player on a budget, this would be an outstanding pedal to own, along with a more traditional high gain distortion pedal.  There's really no need to spend the extra money on a Tubescreamer, if that will prevent you from buying something else you need for your gear.  But even for player where money is not an object, don't overlook the Bad Monkey.  It might just be the only tube overdrive pedal you'll need.
This pedal is beyond loud. It's to the point where if you crank this pedal with a 15 watt amp with an 8&#34; speaker, you will get noise complaints from the end of your neighborhood. To match it up with the clean tone that I get out of my amp, I have to set the level in between 1 and 2.
I have a Boss OD which I realize now matches well with my little Vox tube amp, so I use this Bad Monkey pedal when I go direct for low level or headphone playing. Good price, good tone, pretty versatile, but I like the mid boost and harmonics I get from the Boss. The BM might work better with solid state.
it is not a replacement for a TS 808 or 09 but it has its own tone and overdrive which works good enough.
The BAD MONKEY overdrive pedal does not produce "Crazy Train" metal distortion. It isn't made to, and thus if you buy it for that sound you're off target. (If that's the sound you want, I recommend: DigiTech TL-2 HardWire Metal Distortion Extreme-Performance Pedal.) What the BAD MONKEY produces is delicious, bluesy overdrive at a highly competitive price (it currently sells for $49.95 here at Amazon). Unlike so many overdrive/distortion pedals, the BAD MONKEY has independent (and sensitive) dials for treble ("high") and bass ("low"), and using them can greatly affect the resulting sound; they are by no means token dials. In particular, the bass dial can be used to increase bass to an amazing degree (especially when using double-coil pickups); it's easy to achieve a "fat" sound with this pedal. The pedal does not come with, but does accept, an external power supply (i.e., an adapter). It can also be powered with a 9V battery, which is installed under what's literally the pedal portion (just as in BOSS pedals). The BAD MONKEY is made of metal and can be used as a weapon if so needed. It seems extremely rugged, again like BOSS pedals. I have several overdrive/distortion pedals, but I find myself turning to this one again and again. My impression of the BAD MONKEY is based on using it with [i] an Ibanez guitar with good double-coil pickups, [ii] an Ibanez guitar with good single-coil pickups (similar to "soapbar" style, or P-90, pickups), and [iii] a Fender Mustang II amp. It works well with both single- and double-coil pickups. If I lost my pedal, I would order another right away. I've been playing for over 30 years and can say with confidence that this is a great pedal.
I like the sound of this pedal and the ability to get the right over drive sound I want. I've used it with my reissue 70's Fender Strat plugged into my 1968 vintage Marshal 50 watt head and a slanted 4 cab. Love the sound. I am also using this pedal with my Ibanez GB 10 arch top jazz guitar and I am amazed with how good of an over drive I can get!! I've also owned a tube screamer, but I like this one better!!
I've tried to like this pedal, I really have.  Maybe it's my signal chain (?)  My experience with the DigiTech series is that they suck the tone out from your guitar.  Sure, the OD is there, but it isn't worth losing your tone, is it?  Again, I reiterate maybe it's just me.  I have been messing around with signal chains for almost 3 decades now.  And the blue pedal isn't any different, either IMO.  Grunge was OK, but not my kind of style.
