works as described on the ipad. for the price id expect a more durable product.its all plastic, but no moving parts to concern yourself with so it should hold up fairly well.
Thank goodness Amazon doesn't sell this gadget for the forty-dollar retail price tag.I just got mine today and tried it out. The sound quality complaints are no joke. There is a constant hiss and any slight movement of the iRig or iPhone while playing will create a loud static noise. Don't know if a better quality jack on the iRig would've solved this problem or not.But if you're willing to tweak with the input and output line levels as well as your speaker or headphone volume settings, you may find a happy medium that you can live with.Still, the ability to carry an amp around in your pocket is pretty cool. If I find the need to really use one of these I'll probably spring for something that plugs into the iPhone dock connector. Until then this'll be a fun toy to play with.March 29, 2012 - Just a quick addendum to my initial review. I've since discovered the noise filter in the AmpliTube iPhone app, and wow, what a difference! It sounds much, much better now. No more hiss, no more static.
...what is the sound in the background of the hissssssssssssss? My guitar I guess, but who cares? I honestly bought this gizmo for the extremely good hisssssssssssssing nothing else.A question to AMAZON: Companies producing objects that are nothing else than a lemon shouldn't be prosecuted?P.S.I think it is "too polluting" for 'low cost' items to waste again in paper box, transportation, restocking work, refund work and so on. This is why 99% of the time I do not ask for my money back / BUT / sell this lemon on Amazon, online with other websites,  and in all the instrument shops worldwide in a total bad faith (while testing nobody in iRig noticed the overwhelming  hisssssssing?) well that is beyond me!
Works perfectly with iphone and ipad.  The app that comes with it seems to be very sound and well designed.  My only complaint is that the product itself seems incredibly empty and fragile since there is no weight to it.  But it hasn't broke yet and it might never break.  Works perfectly with ear buds with mic/controller.  Great idea!
No matter how many times I hard reset my 3Gs, no success. There is no problem with my jack, and the phone is in pristine condition -- no problems until now. There is definitely a connection and communication because the mic and sample track work, but that's about it. I registered my Amplitude app, and followed all of the instructions on the box. I tested the iRig with an iPhone 4 and was able to get it operating.I am giving this two stars because it did work on my friend's iPhone 4. But for my purposes with a 3Gs, it is a brick. If anyone has any suggestions that lead to successful operation, I will re-rate the product.
If you own an iphone/ipod touch and play guitar or bass you need this one.Was a gift from my girlfriend and i love this.The sound is incredible.Buy it, seriously.
I was very disappointed when I tried this thing. I bought it so that I could play along the songs that I have on my Ipod but the guitar sounds really distorted (don't thing I haven't tried changing the settings on the effects/amps). Also is very uncomfortable to use since you are surrounded by all those cables. If you want to record what you play, you're probably better off saving some money and buying the Boss recorder or something like that. Being able to slow the songs down is somewhat useful but forget about playing along to it, it sounds so horrible is unbearable.Update: July 8, 2012. Against my better judgement I brought the Slash Amplitube app just to satisfy my curiosity and let me tell you is much much better. I guess the tittle of this review stands, the free app sucks but if you pay for it it'll be actually useful. I added two stars to the product.
one of my fav toys
I bought this because I had a new baby at home and this allowed me to practice without rocking disturbing her. It's affordable, and does the same thing as more expensive adapters
This is a pretty decent thing for practicing your guitar through your iPhone or iPad. But if you want to use it for any recording at all, even demos, I strongly recommend going for the iRigHD. The HD sounds waaaaaay better, and the build quality is great. This guy, not so much. There was always a bit of noise with my old iRig, and it seemed to get worse over time. It also felt kinda fragile and chinsy. If you look, you can usually find the HD somewhere for $80; a $50 difference is significant, but the jump in quality (and likely longevity of the product) is definitely worth it. I upgraded and would absolutely do it again.
I got the irig thinking i'd use it for performance, but he app leaves somthing to be desired.  I had a very hard time fining a tone I could live with, plus, once you add any of the virtual pedals, the feedback was rediculous.
