I bought a cheep violin to decide if I would like playing it and the pegs kept slipping. The peg drops really helped keep it in tune I wouldn't have been able to do it without the drops.
Can't play any instrument that has wood pegs without having a small bottle of Peg Drops.  Though I don't know why they don't put guitar type turners on violins, cellos and bases
I have a 1918 Chezch Violin and it's sparked my 11 year olds interest. My pegs are in great shape but I figured I'd get this oil to make starting to play the violin easier on him.
Got these to stop the pegs from slipping in my cheap new violin.  Added a couple drops, and it worked like a charm.  A must buy for anyone buying a cheap starter violin.
I was given a violin (fiddle) by my friend who decided they would never really learn to play.  The violin hadn't been used in quite some time so the pegs were really loose and wouldn't tune at all.  I got this product to see if I could fix the problem.  It worked just as it said it would.  A drop or two on each peg tightened them up enough to be able to tune the violin.Now that it's being played more regularly it's easier to tune, but know that if they pegs get loose again I have the product to fix the problem.
Wow, this works!  At first, I was a little wary about using the liquidThe Original Peg Drops by Ardsleyon the pegs for apprehension from the warnings that came with the product.  Being my own bumbling teacher, there was a fear I could damage the finish on my rather inexpensive instrument.  However, I needed help tuning a couple of balky pegs, so I closed my eyes and blundered ahead (that's just a figure of speech; for I was careful, using the stuff for the first time).  With care, cotton and a small rag (torn off my moth eaten underwear) I went ahead, willing to try anything.  I even removed the strings from the pegs (only one at a time - starting with the inner one first), put the drops on the proper peg locations and restrung the string.  Tuning then became a breeze.  To think I used up a great glob of practice time, not fiddling, but tuning.  Bop! Could'a had a veggie drink!
These drops are not just a convenience. In my opinion they are a neccessity for beginning violinists. If you are reading this wondering if you should consider buying this product to stop your tuning pegs from slipping, or to make them turn smoother and in less dramatic tuning jumps, the answer is yes. Buy this, it does work, and it works very well.Even though the instructions said to put a drop on two different places on each peg, I wanted to go light just in case, so at first I only put 1 drop on each peg. I didn't know what to expect and you can always put more on, but too much could be a bad thing. Also, each instrument is different, each peg is different. I had one very stubborn peg, while the others were just the normal level of obnoxious about slipping. You may only need 1 drop on some pegs and the reccomended 2 drops on the others. I had new strings on, which of course are going to take forever to stretch out and will need constant tuning. I did not remove the strings, I just loosened the pegs a little and pulled them out a tiny bit, one at a time, then put the first drop on the spot where the peg would make contact when put back in (on the tuning head side of the peg, the part you actually turn). I put the 2nd small drop on the dead end of the peg (not the end you turn). Be careful when applying that you don't get more than 1 small drop at a time. This stuff spreads out over time, a tiny drop goes a long way. One bottle should last you a very long time.What to expect: With one drop the effect is immediate. You will notice the pegs turn smoother and hold their position much better. After playing for awhile I decided to put a 2nd drop on each peg (as suggested by the included instruction sheet). This helped them all to stay in place even better than before. The pegs now also turn smoother and easier and I can tune much easier than before, in smaller more accurate adjustments, and the strings actually hold the tuning for much longer than before.Great product. Buy it, use it, and be happy.
My pegs have been giving me difficulty for a while, and have been temperamental and subject to slipping for as long as I can remember. I'd guess they have about 100 years of wear on them.I used to be able to deal with it. Violin teachers and techs I knew never suggested that the pegs were a problem. More recently, I tried adding fine tuners on G D and A to make it easier to tune, but the resultant shortening of the strings affected the sound too much. I figured I'd give the drops a try.  The change was immediate. I was able to work with the pegs more easily, and slippage went away immediately. I decided to give it 24 hours before changing strings. When I did, I also removed three fine tuners and still had the control I needed.After changing one string, things worked well, but then I had the peg slip suddenly. I figured I'd try retuning and that perhaps it was my fault, but it ended up slipping loose again. I tried reapplying peg drops, and that seemed to fix the problem. After that, I had no more slippage, but I now have one peg that is binding.The instructions are clear but minimal and open ended. I don't expect them to tell exactly how often to use the drops but they could have given a bit more info on what to expect, what symptoms indicate, and so forth. I tried contacting the manufacturer with a few brief questions, but never heard back.Suffice to say the drops made an incredible difference, but did not provide me with a foolproof instant cure. I'd definitely recommend them, but I hope to get some comments from users with more experience so I can have a better idea what makes people know it's time to reapply and what they experience when they do it.The advantage of good peg control is that you can get high quality gut or synthetic (not metal core) strings and be able to tune them precisely without tonal problems being introduced by fine tuners.  The effort I had without the drops made me avoid playing and I was using a Yamaha SV-120 most of the time. That can be fun, but I didn't realize how much I missed the richness of an old acoustic violin that stayed in tune.
