I was doing research on a new guitar rig and I kept seeing this amp mentioned. Almost all of the reviews I read were positive. I decided to order it for a home practice amp when I don't want to dig out my main rig.The build quality is solid - it feels like a much more expensive amp. Many amps in this price range seem cheap and poorly constructed. I was really impressed with the packaging, the documentation and the build of the amp. This is my first Fender amp and probably not my last.The sound quality is amazing. Being a heavier rock/metal player, I would never have chosen a Fender amp even for home practice. The first channel has a wonderful clean tone and the second channel has several modeled amps. The tone ranges from clean to jazz to high gain. There is even an acoustic model, and it sounds pretty good too. There are a ton of Youtube videos of people demoing the sounds of this amp so I won't go much further into this.The included effects are simple but pretty cool as well, and can be switched on and off via the optional foot switch.Overall I'd say that this is a great amp for the price, and like many others, I highly recommend it.
I will start with saying this is NOT a Class 1 Tube amp; meaning ALL tube in the pre-ampAND the amplifier sections. I will also say that if you can find one used - buy it. It is awonderful practice amp and can also serve well as a studio amp or a small gig amp. Ipurchased this amp about 2 years ago and love it.The Super Champ XD is considered a 'hybrid' amp. It uses solid state circuits and tubesto bring you your hybrid 15 watts of sound.  The power amp is all tube and the preampis solid state and tube. I am not real technical when it come to amps but can tell youthis amp has had some detractors and a lot of fans mainly because it is a hybrid. Thereis definitely plenty of opinions out there on the web.This amp has two channels; one clean Classic 'Blackface' tone channel and one channelthat uses digital signal processing to dial in 16 effects and 16 different amplifier voices.You can purchase a foot switch for about $25 that enable you switch between channelone and channel two.The amp also has a 1/4" Speaker Out so you can connect an external speaker box if youso choose to increase your decibels with a bigger speaker. There is also a 1/4" Line Outto connect recording or sound reinforcement equipment. Unfortunately, there is not aHeadphone Output or Effects Loop.The amplifier use three tubes: 1x 12AX7 and 2x 6V6s. It's speaker is a 10 inch, 8ohm'Special Design' Fender. If you want to get louder, fuller and cleaner you could replacethe stock speaker with a Eminence 'Rajin Cajun'. You can also just break in the stockspeaker and see what you think. Some players are comfortable with the stock speaker.With regard to tubes and speakers there are plenty of forums out there that talk about themods they use and the subsequent results from those mods. This is an amp you can easilymod and after a few years there have been plenty of people doing just that.I will say that the clean channel is very nice whether I play through my Gibsons or myFender Tele. I very much enjoy the clean Blackface sound of the amp. It will breakupwhen you dial up to about 4 or 5 on the Master.The Digital Voicing Processor(DSP), from what I read from more experienced players, arepretty darn close to the original. Voices like, Tweed, British (Think Vox jangle), FenderHot Rod, Metal, an Acoustic 'super clean' tone optimized for finger picking. There is alsoa clean Jazz tone that has the 'character of the Fender Jazz King amplifier'. Again, I amnot that experienced with all of these tones but many players have positivecomments about the digital voices.With regard to the Effects (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo) the opinionsout there is that they are serviceable but not authentic. It is often recommended to buya pedal specific for the effect you are looking for if you want 'authentic'.If you want or need  a highly versatile voice channel with a wonderful clean channel thisis the amp. It  weighs only 25 pounds (10.9kg) so it's portability is very good. This ampwas a wonderful deal at $300 when I originally bought it in 2011. It is still a good dealtoday - if you can find one used.
That's not to brag but to illustrate my experience with AMPS. Everything you can imagine. This AMP ranks up there with the best of them. I'm surprised as I've hated (with a passion) every DSP solid state amp I've ever played. This hybrid is incredible. The effects are excellent. The built in compression is amazing and the amp works excellent for recording. It has many onboard effects but I have racks and pedals that outdo those, so I don't use them for recording.It's not a band amp unless you're an acoustic band or your drummer has electronic drums. It's 15 Watts, but it's loud... it's just not quite loud enough to get those cleans over the drums, though you might be fine for overdrive -- depending on the venue and situation.It's not going to emulate certain amps like a VOX very well, but it does excellent with a Fender Black face (excluding the tube reverb). It does a Bassman ok, but doesn't quite capture that chime and nuisances tone of the original '59 Bassman. Doesn't cost $11,000 dollars other. It does a Marshall pretty well. Marshall's based on '59 Bassman without the delicate touch, so there's no wonder. The acoustic gives a very clean sound and makes that clean sound more full, yet doesn't sound like a filter. 0, 6, 7, 9 and 12 are amazing voices. You can bypass that and use  it without effects or voicing and it sounds a lot like the original Super Champ.I also have a 2x12 Vintage 30 box I connect it to for even more of a wonderful fully dynamic and full rich sound. When I'm just playing around the house or need a quick recording and don't wanna have to dial in sounds with my Vox AC30 or Fender Deluxe Reverb then this my amp of choice. It is miles ahead of a Fender Blues Deluxe.Yes, this is indeed the best amp you will find for the price and the most versatile amp I've played outside of a $2000 mesa boogie.Buy it. In fact, buy two. This is a future classic.
If you are looking for really authentic vintage tones with tube warmth, this is a fantastic amp for you.Fender has done an amazing job with this amp.IN this AMP, you have:All of the benefits of tubes, warmth at all dynamic levels, as well as a lot of touch sensitivity to your playing.The CHAMP Circuit.  Forget the fact that you have Digital amp models built in too, you also have a 15w Champ tube amp with a 10 inch speaker.  It's not exactly a '57 champ reissue, but it is the same circuit with all of the character and spanky tone as any Champ out there.  (People who like a great Champ tone, would pay more than $299 for a great 15w Champ amp.)Add to this, 16 Digital Presets.  Fender gives you Digital models through a Tube Circuit of Tweed Amps, Blackface Amps, Hot Rod Amps, as well as Metal Amps, A Jazz amp and an Acoustic sounding Model.Add to that some preset digital effects including Reverb, Delay, Vibe, Trem and Chorus.  (Each one has several choices as well as a knob to increase or decrease the presence of the effect.)Everyone who reviews this amp raves about the how authentic and interesting the Digital Models are... and they are absolutely right.But this amp breaks new ground with the simple fact that you can switch directly from playing a song with a Tweed or Hot Rod tone directly to an authentic Champ amp.  Not a model of a Champ Amp, the real deal!The implications of this amp are really huge.  I'd love to see Fender do the same thing with a Pro Jr. or even a Blues Jr. Amp.  Perhaps they might go that direction in the future depending on the success of this amp.  who knows.  But what I do know is that this amp is simply bursting with character.The Digital PresetsFor me, the highlights are the authenticity of the Tweed, Blackface and Hot Rod tones.  I really feel like channel 10 sounds like a clean blues jr coming through the 10 inch speaker.  The tweed tones are syruppy and awesome.  The Blackface clean sounds like a Princeton, and I even think they were trying to emulate a Deluxe Reverb on channel 5.As Far as Volume...People ask, is it loud enough to gig with?  Sure.  It can get loud enough over drums etc.  But, I'd mic it anyway.  I get my best overdriven tones in the midrange of the volume.  Mic it and you can play it anywhere.The Only downsides...As much as Fender tries to throw a bone to metal heads, this amp really doesn't give Metalheads that much to work with.  It would be a great practice amp for any guitarist, Blues, Metal, Jazz or Country...But the Metal tones are not going to be as big and rectified as you would want them if you want to chug through some metallica riffs.Lack of a Mid Control.  I'm not sure that I understand why you'd have an EQ with Treble and Bass with no Mid control.  Personally, it's the EQ knob that I would use the most, but if you are switching between Digital Presets you have to work with the Treble and Bass to find the sweet spot for your mids.  To my ears, it's not in the same spot on all presets.  That one knob would make this amp a lot quicker and easier to use for someone like me who likes to bounce between presets.This amp is cool and unique. Which is why it will be the first digital modeling amp that is still worth something when Fender releases the next big new thing.  Line 6 and Vox tube/digital combos have really fallen quite flat and have no resale value after the next generation comes out.  Fender has found a sweet spot of value, quality and usability.  This is going to be a rare technological achievement that people will still hang on to and be happy with 10 years later.Truly a unique and versatile creation.
Well I love da Fender products, always have always will. I recently built me a nice custom strat, and had been testing out a few of the various mini-tube amps out on the market lately, (which is where I would categorize this amp) even though it has better tubes and more watts. These are my comparison testing amps, (I own both of the 2 amps below and have also tried a number of others in the music store down the road):Blackheart Killer Ant (12" Blackheart cabinet)Vox AC4TV8 4-Watt 8" Compact All-Tube Practice Amp with Celestion VX10 Speaker (also speakered out to the 12" Blackheart cabinet)I've also tested all my amps in various ways by re-tubing them with a number of my collected tubes:Groove TubesJJ TubesSovtek TubesSvetlana TubesTung-Sol Tubes (gold)and straight out of the box, this thing beat them all of in sound quality, even with what a lot of people are calling a cheap Fender speaker version. I also plugged "The Champ" into my 12" Blackheart speaker cabinet and it sounded even better using my strat (but I will do more speaker testing later). Fender amps have always leaned to sounding better with fender guitars, where as Gibson, Epiphone, type guitars really sound pretty good on the Vox and Blackheart models.Now when this amp came out, it was way overpriced but as always that price has fallin into a reasonable range. I mean the price of all of these mini-tube amps are minimal in comparison to the nicer ones, but again this thing is loaded with better guts, so maybe that why it screams better.... ya-hoo, me likey! Better guts, better performance, plus Fender has added an extra range of effects and amp sounds. Its small in size, light in weight, loud and easy to carry with you for jam sessions.
