I've tried all 3 types of these, and they're pretty much as-advertised.  I don't really find a huge difference in tone between the relative hardnesses of the rubber, but it is there to a small degree.  To me these are too dull sounding for an acoustic.  Well, they don't sound bad, but if you then switch to a normal pick you'll notice the upper and upper-mid harmonics that are being de-emphasized by the duller attack.  It doesn't sound bad, and in certain applications it would be fine. I wouldn't want it to be my everyday acoustic tone, though.THey fare much better with electric guitar, where the difference in attack can be less notable, but you'll still notice the loss of some "sparkle".  But for the most part I found the sound very agreeable and useable.  The pick tends to catch on the strings a bit - there's more friction, of course - but it's just something to get used to.The bottom line:  I like these, and they'll probably last me almost forever, but I don't really see them becoming my go-to picks.  I like the thickness and the feel (they won't slip out of your hand while playing) but the loss in high end is just enough that I don't think I want to limit myself in that way, except for certain situations.  I tend to switch back and forth between a pick and fingers anyway, so I already get a sound similar to this by using my fingers.  Worth a try, though, and you just might find a keeper if you need to tame an amp or guitar that's just a bit too bright.  You know, at higher volumes, too, it's easy for the high frequencies to be emphasized, and these might work better in a live setting where you've got your amp cranked up.
I usually just use my fingers to strum my tenor uke, but there are songs where a pick is more appropriate. I used to have an old felt pick made back in the 1940s, but it disintegrated over time and the newer felt picks I've found just don't feel the same.I bought a set of soft, medium and hard Wedgie picks to try out and I'm really happy with the results. I greatly prefer the soft Wedgie on the Uke, I like the medium on my nylon string guitar and the hard Wedgie's really nice for my Jazz Bass. I still use hard plastic picks for my electric and steel string acoustic guitars, but the Wedgie's are fantastic for when I need a more fingerlike sound on the other instruments.I'd love to see a slightly larger version of the pick someday, but it still works very well for me.
This is a great pick for all those that use picks, but need a softer sound occasionally.  Much easier than getting your fingers all tangled up.  The only negative is the way they seem to be packed here.  They come in three colors and the colors stand for soft, medium, hard.  They also come in 3 and 5mm which is the size of the grip thickness (where you grip the pick.)  The white is soft, the medium grey is medium, and the dark grey is hard.  I use the white and medium grey in 3.1mm and find that easy to adjust too.  They are soft and they do wear fairly quickly, but you just keep playing them or do a little cutting to sharpen them back up.  You get a nice soft tone and, just like using any other plectrum, you develop a picking style to get various tones (double bass, acoustic, finger style, etc.  I use the soft picks for a smooth tone, and the medium pick for a deep jazzy sound (think Motown.)  I never leave home without at least three of each in my gig bag.For a real trip, if you are able to finger pick, try out the Jam Cat pick holder sold here.  It is so easy to switch from finger to pick in an instant and it is always there when you need to rock it up a bit.
I like the medium version of these picks a lot, & I just ordered some hard ones at the 3.1mm thickness--which is pretty thick, by the way.  So only plan on using these on basses and acoustic guitars unless your electric has an unusually wide neck and heavy strings.  These soft ones have too much give in my opinion, which makes them more difficult to handle--it's great that they eliminate pick noise, but these softer ones want to cling to the strings and require the player to make too many adjustments.  My verdict:  go with medium or hard version.
It's a great pick for a soft sound, I wouldn't use it for aggressive  work, but for slow ballads  it's great.
Bought these because I thought they'd be a nice alternative to a plastic or nylon pick for use on my ukulele when I want a different sound than finger picking and strumming can produce.  They give a great tone without hearing the pick strike the string, and they don't wear down the strings and I actually use them on occasion for my 3/4 steel string acoustic guitar when I want a nice mellow tone.  The only negative is that because of being rubber, they &#34;stick&#34; to the strings, so they aren't great for quick strumming, which I wish they were.
First time for a  soft wedgie......pick that is (I did have an older brother : ) ). I used it on my new ukulele and sounds and feels great. Very good price and looks like they will last awhile.I highly recommend they for you to try, if you don't like they you can give a fellow musian a &#34;soft wedgie&#34; which they just may like.
I like these picks for use with my ukulele, it makes strumming a lot easier on these old hands of mine. It sounds exactly like the sound you make while strumming with your fingers, and they seem to be sturdy enough to last awhile. A worthwhile buy for tired fingers :-)
I purchased a 3 pack of the soft rubber wedgie's as an add-on to a larger order. As such, I found them to be a reasonable value. However, I'm not sure how long these will last on my steel string acoustic. I think these picks would be fantastic for classical or any other nylon string guitar or "uke". They are very grippy and have a slight concavity to them on one side for additional comfort.I love the very soft warm sound they provide. I use them mostly late at night when I can't sleep and want to play, but the rest of the family is still sleeping. Not quite as effective on the E, A, and D steel strings but certainly playable. Not so great for strumming, but fun to pick individual chords. Thanks.SPO
These picks do cut pick noise but with an acoustic guitar they wear very rapidly and leave a rubbery residue all over my guitar. I don't like the thought of what damage that stuff would do over time to the inside of my guitar with that stuff getting all over my pickups, etc. Big disappointment. I'm getting a lot of high string in my guitar sound and thought these picks might solve the problem. Back to the drawing board I go.
