This is my first noise reducer. It works and like it says it reduces the noise. it comes with 2 knobs and 1 switch. The switch let you choose if you want it to reduce the noise when is activated or to mute everything when activated. The 2 knobs, 1 of them let you select the range of the noise you want to reduce, the other one how fast you want it to start reducing the noise. I noticed a slight change of the original sound of my distortion, but it could be also because i didn't find the right setup. if the knob of the noise to reduce is on the highest setting, then it reduce also the sound of the all guitar, so you really gotta study this before you can use it properly. overall, for the price i'm happy with it, and it hides the hiss and all the other sounds unwanted.
I have several Behringer pedals, all placed in a Behringer 6-pedal board. Most of the B. pedals work quite well. I have no quality issues with them. Some people complain about the plastic cases, but they are tough and reliable unless you're in the habit of abusing your pedals by smashing them around or can't control your &#34;stomp&#34; pressure. Some are better than others, and this one works perfectly. I have 6 B. pedals (one of them is a tuner), and each seems to add some noise to the amp output, especially when it is in quiescent mode (no signal input).This pedal, placed at the end of the line just before the signal goes into the amp, quiets all that noise that the other pedals generate. I had to check this, because I at first thought my amp was making the noise, but when I bypassed all the pedals, my amp was quiet, which was a relief. Then I needed relief from the pedal noise, and this did the trick.The controls are a little misleading, but easy to get used to and adjust. The &#34;send-receive&#34; function is for quieting the noise you send to an additional effects pedal, which seems pointless, as the best way to use this is to put it at the end of the chain to quiet all the effects.The mute function may help, but when I turn on my pedal tuner, this also functions as a mute.I had to do a little modification of the B. pedal board to make this fit in, as I already had 6 pedals in place. But, with the removal of a couple of screws, it fit into a slot meant for a longer pedal.I don't actually need the on-off function on this most of the time, so placing it in that sideways, out of the way spot was no disadvantage. I just leave it on all the time so it always quiets the noise when I'm not actually playing. However, I can still operate it if necessary, for example for the mute function if I needed that.It's aggravating to have to have a pedal to eliminate noise from other pedals, but at least there is an easy solution in a noise gate like this one.
I wanted a noise reducer because I have like 10 pedals and the loud feedback I was getting back through them was insane. I got this one because it wa cheaper and basically thinking why not? It's like $25. It was a great choice. The pedal stops nearly all unwanted feedback and doesn't alter your tone. It does take some time to figure it out but after that its golden. It's great.
wow, simply good. for the price u can not get a better deal, it does the job perfectly. i have 4 of these so far, will get more if needed.
- it's simple to operate- it does what it's made to do- it does that very well- it's bargaintasticIf you know what a noise gate is supposed to do and you think you might need one, then I highly recommend this unit.I'm about to get a second one and put all my distortion-creating devices in the loop (other Behringer units, Rat, Big Muff, etc etc). The one I already have can stay at the end of my signal chain, just before the delays. Pretty much a must-have for recording, especially during those quiet spots :-) Thanks to this unit I have a very quiet recording setup.
Cleans up the hum, going in to effects pedals , some pedals make noise, some don't as much with this it cleans them all.Behringer all the way, you can keep your expensive boss pedals.
I think this is my fifth Behringer pedal. Admittedly I haven't had the time to try this one out. But based on my others, I'd say this will do everything the pedals that cost double or more can do!
this  noise reducer pedal  gets probably 90-95% noise off, using heavy-noisy distortion pedals & has an amazing value.100% recommended !!!!
When it comes to noise gates, this definitely does the trick. It had a noise-detection sensor, so it knows when you are playing guitar or not, and will turn itself on and off automatically. This means that while you're not playing, it'll block that annoying static sound your guitar and pedals make - and when you start playing, it'll lower itself so that it doesn't effect the noise of the guitar. It'll sound the same. I would defeinitely recommend. Plus Behringer is the best brand for pedals.
IT does the job as described it though. I have no complains and the cheap price was a plus for me.
I have a strat running into a crate amp with a tub preamp and it picked up noise like mad.  this pedal is like an automatic volume knob that turns down the input if there isn't a signal from the guitar.  takes a little playing with it to get it dialed in, but now I just keep it on all of the time.
this is a nice little pedal. It effectively quiets all my other pedals. Works as advertised. Not much else to say. Get one!
great pedall for the money it makes ur pedalls real quaiet,, it does what its soupose to.. german mind great electronics, well made but plastic,
It cuts down the buzz left by the other pedals, for that price it's pretty good, not badly built either.
If the hiss from your distortion and compression pedals irritates you, this is worth the money. Contrary to the name, it is a noise gate rather than a noise reducer. It does not filter out noise, but rather stops the signal to the amp entirely when the sound from the instrument reaches a predetermined minimum. If you are playing with humbuckers, your only problem will be pedal hiss and you will never hear it again. If you are playing on single coils, the hum while you play is so minimally noticeable that this is still worthwhile. Whether you're gigging and don't want to sound like an amateur or you're practicing in headphones at 4am, this will make your playing sound a little better, and you can't complain about that.
This baby does what it says it does at a very reasonable price. One does have to find the cable loops that one needs to eliminate humming & noise, for one doesn't know which in or output is actually making the interference but, once you've established that, it's all good baby!!!
I'm not a big fan of pedals at all, I much prefer multi effects but, that being say this is a great cheap pedal. Does what it should just like the noise gate in my rack.
I've used this live since I got it and it works great, no problems. Its made of plastic but that doesn't effect anything, its pretty tough. It has two modes, noise reduction which clips the noise and silences it when the note fades out, and mute which lets you mute with the stomp switch. I use the mute mode live to silence my bass in between sets but I have also used the reduction mode when my pickups were noisy. Both modes work great and there is a sensitivity knob to dial in the right clipping. Full on it will clip the notes hard and sometimes register quieter notes as noise and clip them all together, less and its more subtle. Great value and a great tool.
I gave this product 5 stars , simply because it did exactly what I bought it to do - reduce unwanted noise to my amp. You will have to play with the controls to get the exact settings where its not clipping your sustained notes off before you want it to. It doesn't cut noise while your playing , but when your not it comes on a kills the noise. There are two lights on the pedal, one for the on and off and the other comes on when the pedal is working and reducing noise. If you have it set to high or to sensitive , it will not recognize the end of your sustained note and noise . So play with it and find your personal setting because I'm sure every guitar and pedal board are unique in the sounds that start with your guitar and go through your pedal chain and out your amp. The NR300 works and as soon as you understand how it will do the best job for you , you will be happy with it. Oh, and if you switch it to Mute, it works as an on and off switch.. You also can not beat the price----
havent used it yet.. seems like a nice pedal .. nice an lightweight... clean..has some nice rubber on the bottom.. lol haha okaaaaaay?
