It's no better or worse than a tripod stand at twice the cost. this is a good deal! Note: it does not come with a microphone clip so you will have to buy one.
i got this stand and it simply works and look awesome, exactly what i was looking for, and for the price i can not get a better deal.totally satisfied!
I got mine for less than 20 bucks. The stand is definitely constructed cheaply but nothing keeps it from functioning as intended. Other reviewers complained about it having a screw together joint in the middle. We have a more expensive stand of the same type with exactly the same feature and no problems with either.
As soon as I attached my mic, and with my strong hands, I over twisted the mic holder on the threads, and the thread piece came loose on the stand.  I think I can fix it with some liquid metal, but this is not as impressive as some mic stands I've had in the past.  Sincerely, DocAfter a few months of trying to make it work.  It doesn't.  I changed my rating from 3 to 1  This puppy is just poor quality.
For the money you can not beat this. The quality is great for the money. I mainly use this at home for my project studio but have used it in a professional studios a few times. The stands my studio uses are a lot more expensive then this but work just the same. The only difference is obvious that this stand my not last for ever with everyday use in a professional enviorment. I see this stand lasting me for at least five or six years at home.
For the price, this stand cant be beat. You got a mic? You need a boom stand? here you go. Does the job.
It was cheap. It's not put together well, so don't plan on taking this thing on the road. Also, on mine the boom arm is very difficult to extend, but as it will staying in one location for most of it's service life it'll do.
These mic stands worked perfectly.  The fold down pretty small so you could fit a couple of them in most travel bags.  Easy to adjust.
I have three mic stands, with this one being the fourth. I STILL have three mic stands because this one was absolutely horrible.1. The top mount would rarely stay fixed and kept dipping down.2. The bottom clamp never did secure properly. It kept opening up even without a mic on it. The weight of the stand itself stripped it.I sent it back without hesitation.
I bought many professional mic stands through the years, before this item, and I can not tell the difference. Well built, made to last, and looks great. I highly recommend this item.
