If you can't find a container and add your own sponge, then buy this.Keeping a valuable guitar humidified is essential.I think this item should cost three bucks at most, and $1.50 would still yield a healthy profit!I made some more from stuff from the dollar which I think are better.I use this one for my baritone uke, and the bigger ones I made I use in my dreadnaughts.If you make your own, just make sure to not let the sponge drip, ie, wring it out, and make sure it does not actually touch any bare wood.
Excellent product, simple and practical design,holds firmly inside the guitar mouth and keeps humidity levels in the safe zone.If humidity levels in your area go below 40% you simply need to provide extra humidity to prevent cracks.
Planet Waves humidifiers are simple to use and a great product to guard against drying your guitar and causing splitting. Dampen the sponge, squeeze out excess water, insert the sponge into the holder and the holder between hte strings. Check on it every few days and keep the sponge damp. Couldn't be any easier. I use them all winter long in my guitars.
It's nothing special.  No frills, just a simple concept that works.  It's important to maintain humidity in your instrument, especially in a dry climate like west Texas.  The evaporation rate will depend on the amount of humidity in the air where you store your instrument.So, when you first start using it, you have to be diligent to check the sponge regularly to ensure that it is still moist.
This compact humidifier is easily filled with an included plastic syringe.  If you don't over-fill, it will not drip, and you can simply place it in your case instead of the usual sponge.
Purchased this to replace the Dampit as a no drip alternative. With the solid base it will not drip and it fairly easy to use. Distilled water will extend the life of the sponge. Overall simple and effective.However, I may have added too much humidity. Was using in conjunction with humidipak to keep them from drying out thinking they would absorb any excess humidity, but I then noticed an irregularity in the reflection of the pick guard and the tone seemed to be muted so shifted over to humidipak only and will re humidify them outside the guitar case.I do use a hydrometer but I don't think it was effectively reading the inside of the guitar, but only the inside of the case.So I think the Planet Waves humidifier works well for its intended purpose, but you do have to monitor that you are not over or under utilizing it.
I have an electronic indoor/outdoor thermometer that shows relative humidity and a whole house humidifier.It is interesting to see just how quickly relative humidity changes inside and outside with that electronic thermometer.The whole house humidifier pumps out about 3 gallons of water a day into a 1500 sq ft house during the fall and winter keeping the indoor humidity around 47%.This makes the house feel warmer and makes my breathing easier. Makes the whole house safer for the Martins.Now you can use a little in the case humidifier like this to help with humidity, but I think you really need a whole house solution and a monitor system.A sponge in a zip lock bag with a few holes works well too. Just don't get water on the wood.And don't forget to take the silica gel packs out of the little accessory compartment in the case. Many guitars come shipped with these and their job is to remove humidity from the case.All the better acoustic guitar shops I go to have a big humidifier running in their showrooms.
I thought I would throw my two-cents in about the new design and effectiveness of this soundhole humidifier.After making a few homemade case humidifiers out of things like a travel butter container with many holes drilled into it and a sponge, I started thinking about how some of the cases separate the body cavity from the neck & headstock cavity inside the guitar case and not allowing the humidity to flow freely to all areas, especially the body where it is needed the most.Even though I was getting acceptable humidification in the case I was concerned about the body being dryer in comparison so I went ahead and splurged the 8 bucks on these. (I actually bought three of them.)I crank the gas heat up in the house in the winter and A/C in the summer, keep my guitars inside their cases and inside a closet. The humidity drops quite low, but the sponges remain moist for several days before I can no longer fight the urge to re-wet them. lol.Two great tips in one:Use a regular, more dense sponge, thicker like the ones at the dollar store. Cut them to size and stuff them in!Throw away the sponge when it starts to get yucky and don't worry about distilled water, unless you want to. I can't argue using very pure water compared to the possibly toxic crap that comes out our faucets, but for one dollar you can get a boat load of them after you cut them to size, and toss them away without any regard when needing replaced.Don't worry about the &#34;thing&#34; hanging in-between your strings. It will not damage anything unless you get the sponge  too saturated and it leaks. I will either squeeze the excess water out, or shake the container with the sponge inside until I am satisfied that it won't drip.The humidifier will not cause any stress or damage to your strings by spreading them when you wedge this inside your soundhole.If you ARE rough, careless, thoughtless, or stupid, you could possibly knock this loose and have it rub or fall out, but I would be more worried about the guitar and what it would take for this to happen. This would be more extreme to the guitar than the humidifier or any harm it could cause.The top snaps on by squeezing the sides to release little tabs that stick through the top cover. The sponge inside is quite small, and there isn't too much room for a much larger sponge. The device is simple and fairly solid. Treat it gently and it will last forever. You can easily clean the inside or run it through a dishwasher. If you give the inside a quick rinse every few fills, I'm sure it would be a decade before anything &#34;built up&#34; to require extensive cleaning or replacement.Keep an eye on it for the first few days and then weeks to get a feel for when you should be re-wetting the sponge.Try to keep the sponge moist when it's dry.I strongly suggest getting an Oasis case humidifier, (or similar) mini sized about 1&#34; X 4&#34; costing around 17-20 bucks.This will take any guesswork out of the equation and give you fairly accurate readings inside your guitar or instrument case.Remember, too much humidity can cause your acoustic guitar to warp. Too dry and it will shrink and crack, split the soundboard (top) also leaving the edges of the frets sticking out like the backbone of a fish and quite abrasive!If you spent more than one hundred dollars on your guitar and live where it gets cold and/or dry, you would be negligent (if not careless) to spend the pittance to make sure your 'baby ain't thirsty', or worse...dead & broken!Hope this helps!
I wish it was a little longer lasting but it does do the trick. My guitar would probably not be happy without it.
This is a upgraded version of the guitar humdifier, The first one had that green stuff that florists use in it and you used a plastic syringe to ad water to it. This has a replaceable sponge, you take it out, soak it and squeeze out excess then put it back in container, would say it gets more humidity out.
It's simple, basic, but I don't think it does that good of a job. This is because it doesn't really humidify that much and doesn't extend very far into the guitar.
A simple system for gettting humidity into the guitar; The price is just right and it is very simple to use.
This is a simple humidifier for guitars with a round sound hole.  It would not work for an f-hole archtop or other types of instruments such as mandolin or ukulele.  Inside the sturdy plastic case is what appears to be an ordinary kitchen sponge.  If you use distilled water (as recommended) it should last quite a while.  The top comes off with a gentle press on the sides.  The dry sponge can be a little difficult to remove with fingers but tweezers or needle nose pliers work perfectly.  Don't push it all the way in after moistening and you won't have a problem.  I drip a little distilled water on the sponge, squeeze out any excess, and the assembled case pops in easily between the D and G strings, suspended in the middle of the sound hole.  They can't be seen in the photo but there are small ridges on each side that hold the top in place against the strings.  I've never had one of these move from where I left it.If the sponge isn't dripping wet you should never have a problem with drops of water in the guitar or case.  When the humidity is very low (30% or less) the sponge dries out in 2 to 3 days even if the case isn't opened.  As with most humidifiers of this type you will have to check every few days.If you have ever had a crack appear in the top of favorite guitar (or don't want to see one) use a guitar humidifier!  Especially during the winter - heating a house tends to drop the indoor humidity below safe levels (between 45% and 60% is ideal for most guitars).  Air conditioning can do the same.  For especially valuable guitars it would be worth buying a hygrometer to keep in the case but for most guitars having one in the room where you keep you guitar(s) is okay.  For many reasons it's always best to keep your guitar in a case or gig bag when not in use.  A humidifier is inexpensive extra precaution at those times of year when temperature or humidity changes quickly.
I bought this product with the notion of being cheap No refills to buy, except distilled water.  In all actuality, its a really simple design.I like this design better because of one simple fact.  If the wood in your guitar is already dry, you'll have to refill your humidifier more often initially.  i'd rather be using distilled water than hydration pack refills that are required in some other guitar humidifiers.  After the guitar gets "hydrated?", I usually end up wetting the sponge every 4 to 7 days.  It definitely gets taken several time between refills, so it's not that much of a hassle.Overall, good product that you could probably fashion yourself but why bother.  Try not to over-douse the sponge in order to avoid water damage to the guitar.Peace out and cheers~J
Fits nicely into my acoustic guitars. Just requires you to dampen the sponge with distilled water. Luckily I keep that on hand!
I bought this guitar humidifier for my Taylor.I received exactly what I purchased and works as it should.This product has been recommended to me by many other guitar players around me.It is a simple design that fits perfectly between the strings.Easy to use because really all you have to do is moisturize the sponge and keep it in the plastic container.Price is good.
Works for me. But It splits the two middle strings way more than my peace of mind allows me to be comfortable with it. They made it thinner so it doesn't stretch the strings too much & as a consequence, it will only fit a thin sponge which dries easy as far as Arizona & California is concerned.Suggestion to Planet Waves: I think you can make it thicker but instead of splitting the strings, redesign the mount, say with a Velcro so that it's still hangs on the sound hall but it's attached to the strings. It's possible to attach your product in a different way because I've modified mine & to my personal preference works without splitting the screen.
I have one of these in every one of my cases. It's a plastic sponge holder with holes in it; nothing special but it does the job.
This is good for now! Keeps my guitar from drying out, warping, cracking,! For the money it works! Recommend this product.
We all know it's just a container with a sponge in it, no biggie. I bought it to get Super Saver shipping on something else and because I plan to keep an all-solid acoustic guitar at a weekend place where it will sit unused for long periods of time. Jamming it between the guitar strings and getting it hooked onto them feels a bit rough on the strings. But it should do the job.
it does what it says it does.  only complaint is that sponge is very small and in very dry areas it needs to be checked and refilled 2 times a week.
I agree with the others reviews.  The sponge is too small and too thin but the humidify is small so it wouldn't fit any larger sponges.  Okay for the price.
