If you are looking to walk around while you play your guitar, then you might want to look into something longer. As a spare cable to play at home though, it's pretty good.
There's another brand out there that is almost identical in construction and quality and costs less.  Don't buy the high rated chrome capped one's, I had problems with those.  This one is good just that I regret paying so much for it.
It's a guitar cable.  It works.  It appears to be well made and durable.  There is no noise or hum. It works and I like.
I finally bought into the Monster Cable hype; albeit with a 6' practice cable. I CAN honestly tell a difference. That difference being silence; no abnormal hissing or popping that I got from my other, cheaper cables. This isn't the top-of-the-line Monster, but still a step up from what I'd been using. I'll definitely upgrade my longer cables to Monster, and may even see how the expensive one sounds (a short one 1st, of course!).
I gave it a 5 star because monster cables come with a life time warranty depending on how it breaks, but this 6ft cord is taller than i am which means it's about 6' 2&#34; tall... it's a great product for the money exspecially if it's just being used for a late night practice with a small amp or for a pedal connection into your amp, it's short and sturdy enough to take the roughest beatings and still keep working
Monster Standard instrument cable is amazingly good for the price. It's flexible (unlike some of their more expensive cable), quiet, solid, and durable. It's much more transparent to tone than many other more expensive cables. For the money, it's really hard to beat. I won't waste money on the more expensive cables again.
these are great cables but i gave it a four because i after playing the cheap rotosound cables i learned they are just as good and are only 3 bucks. still a great cable and these sound slightly better than rotosound but thats if you are super observant because their isnt much of a difference.
I'm a keyboard player, and in the past I had been spending $40-$60 for Monster's "delegated" keyboard cables.  But suddenly one shorted out on me after only several months use, causing me to question the "Monster mystique."  I began to compare the Monster keyboard cables with cheap, "off-brand" guitar cables and couldn't hear any difference.  No question it's a well-made, trustworthy (but not indestructible or infallible) cable, but I'm no longer committed to it at any price.  However, at Amazon's current "value" price for this particular Monster cable, it's a no-brainer.  Moreover, I no longer have hesitations about purchasing a cable that doesn't say "piano" or "keyboard" on it.  (One of my Monster keyboard cables even came with one end designated for the amp and the other for the instrument--but it was hard to see which was which in a dimly lit club.)As for length, 6 feet is ideal if you're playing through your own amp (my preference).  If you're plugging into a board or P.A. system, you'll want anywhere from 12 feet to 25 feet.
It's made by monster cable. Need I say more? Of course it's a great cable, and being able to change the rubber band on the ends is nice to identify which cable is which.
This cable Works fine, i'm going to buy a pair in January 2013. I used it live and they are really great, durable and it feel's pro. Try one.
Great cable for patching in and rocking out. It is also low noise and very suitable for recording as well. 100% Recommend to anyone looking for a good quality (without an over the top price) cable!!
