I am learning to play the guitar. I needed a place to place my lesson book that was a little more ergonomically sound. I debated between this one and the other popular/slightly more expensive one. I cannot speak to that one's assembly process, but I found this one to be reasonably simple.I also like how you can just pull or push the stand in order to raise/lower it. The same goes for tilting. It is a superb stand with ample table space for book, iPad, capo, some picks and if you are creative, headphones. I love it and I am using it almost every single day. Very solid construction and the stand with the most height I could find.Go ahead and compare specs of each of the stands offered. As of today, this is the one that wins in the height, shelf and space categories.
I think someone else wrote that this is like the music stand they used in high school band class.  Yup, it is.  I would buy again.  My use is to hold my books while I try to teach myself how to play guitar.  This stand could easily hold a phone book as the lip is about 2+&#34; high.  Very happy with it.Just a warning to those that are picky.  Because of the way the tube locks together, the part that holds the music can shimmy a little if you knock or brush it.  Not an issue for me, but also did not want someone to think this is like a brick and won't move.It would be hard to tip over because the quality and thickness make this puppy heavy.  Buy it, you'll like it.  It will survive a nuclear blast.
This is the stand you remember from the band room. Effective, and built like a tank. You will need a wrench to assemble (a very simple task). One note - the metal feet would scratch some types of flooring, invest in the optional foot covers if you're concerned.
this stand is VERY GOOD ! nice and strong , i recommend if you can only afford a low price one to get this , it is worth a lot more then 29 dollars, this will last a life time, and its not real heavy you can pick it up and move it easily,,i was looking at the cheep fold up ones and read some of the reviews and then remembered seeing them in different yards out by the trash cans to be picked up with the trash,, so i looked for something better and ,i am so happy to have found this , at this price.i didn't want to pay more then 15 dollars for a stand ,but i really wanted something to last and if i bought one for 9 or 15 dollars and in 6 months its in the trash ,i would be buying another one , so really ,this is the BEST DEAL , i am SO HAPPY I BOUGHT THIS STAND you can't go wrong with this one,,,REALY !! get it !  it will hold a few books and stand should not tip over,its heavy enough not to, it slides up and down nicely, and the book shelf  tilts easly and stays and you can turn it as well, .,bolts are NOT plastic,witch is nice,,and very easy to put together and fast,,i got it together in one minute,i only used regular pliers to put it together..  the stand goes low enough for sitting or high enough for standing up while playing instrument,i truly recommend this for anyone  ! (i did get the foot guards for $1.95 to protect floor, on carpet you will not need them ,)and it comes with a 10 year warranty ,and with the free shipping you can't beet it,
I read the reviews with low stars, the major complaints are squeaking sound when you twist the head. We use it to hold the musics and don't need to turn the head. The heads of music stands on stage are fixed too, if they turned, they could not fit into the music stand rack. This one work great for us.We have several music stands,  we didn't like them not because the heads can't be turned but they are unstable and can't hold thick book.
