Wow. This amp is something else. When it arrived I almost didn't realize what it was because it was so big! This thing does everything! You can set drums, record cords over it and then dub in to the already recorded track and solo over it! But what's even better is you can attach drums to it, a bass to it, a mic to it, and a guitar to it and have a killer jam session!It has more sounds then I had time to comb through at first glance and more features then I know what to do with!AMAZING AMPLIFIER!
Like another reviewer here, I too own a Fender G-Dec 30 (BTW: now going up for sale). The Spider Jam 75W specs are all out there so I won't repeat all that info but give you my users impressions instead. First I was fortunate enough to buy one for $300. (the same price as the Fender G-Dec 30), so it's an even simpler comparison for me.***The Line 6 Spider Jam 75W is a full head & shoulders taller and better than the G-Dec.***As just simply an amp it has more power & as good of sound. As for the rest, I'll take line 6's real drums sets and myriad of song backings over the Fender's midi/synthe tunes any day. The ability to save your custom tunes as JAM or WAV files internally or out to a larger SD card is a godsend and to me, the single biggest factor to own this amp over a G-Dec. (I use the max 2gb SD - note: it must be fat 16 formatted & is not HC.) The overdub layering is simply superb (though it's saved as mono). The XLR mike, 1/4" plug aux & MP3 inputs allow a great flexibility for total song creation. Coupled with my Line 6 Variax guitar, I have been able to produce an amazing range of sounds and songs.The only criticisms I can muster are: 1) - The menu process is more difficult than the G-Dec but easy enough with hands-on experience. 2) - The chrome plastic knobs look somewhat cheap but work well enough. 3) - Line six really needs to update to an SDHC format so it can utilize larger than 2gb SD storage cards. I have experimented with using a 4GB non-HC SD card & though I was able to format it, I was not able to read / write to it. Line 6, please go to SDHC! I would also like to see an improvement to an "incremented" or notched amp model selector pot. As every once in a while it will jump from the A or B selection if not exact.
I can't find a single complain about this amp. The amp modelling is fantastic. Plug in for a mic/CD/M3 player. Quality driver. I'm not going to go through all the features that yo ucan read o nthe website. I used to play through a chameleon and separate amp in a rack to get these effects. Only thing I wish it had was the ability to save a custom sounds. But you can't ask for much more for the price of $399. You won't be disappointed with this amp.
I bought my Spyder Jam back in 2009, when it was fairly new.  I was simply blown away at the depth and available features on this amp.  I still am.  It's just possibly one of the best training and gigging tools for a guitarist out there.  You can play along with a drum track, with a drum AND rythmn track, and you get hundreds of presets and about 100 to make your own.  the Spyder pedals make it perfect, allowing you to turn on recording functions, drum and other functions, and also with the expression pedal, you get Wah and Volume.  The seperate tonal controls are great on this amp, and if you really dive deep into the menus, pitch shifting and timing are also available.  And with 24 minutes of looping time, that's just crazy for the price.I found it interesting that for a while, the Spyder IV 75 watter kind of dissapeared off the market in 2011 and part of 2012. It has basically the same presets of the Jam without the looper or drum and rythmn tracks, and was much less money.  I'd say it started to cut into Spyder Jam sales. I have noticed that the Spyder IV 75 watter is back now, but the Jam keeps right on going, with updates and endless support from Line 6.Even the eight year run of the Fender Cyber Twin, and Cyber Twin SE didn't offer the possibilities of the Spyder Jam, and the Cyber Twin was well over $1000 new. Yes, it has a tube preamp, and rewires itself to better simulate amps, but the Jam is SO much more in line with the budgets of up and coming guitarists. No contest, money-wise. And the Cyber-Twin is gone now.If you want an amp that you will keep for a long, long time, take a real hard look at the Spyder Jam.
I've had this Amp for 5 years and it still works and looks great. Took a while for me to learn all the things that the Jam can do since I was new to the world of electric guitars and amps when I received it. Crank this baby up and it moves air. I've used all the in's and out's with no problems. My rig consists of an Ibanez AS73, Schecter Devil Custom 2008, Line 6 HD500, and an AKG Perception 420 thru a Line 6 UX2. Finally, I only play at home so this gear doesn't get banged up from gigging.I agree here> (As B. Russell said: The only downside I can mention is that this amp may not be for the technically challenged. There are a lot of features on this amp, but you need to learn how to use them. The common features are easy to use, but if you want to dig in and start really taking advantage of the amp, you will need to invest some time into it. Since I'm not scared of playing around in menus and reading the manual, this amp fits me well.)
I have both the Fender G-Dec 15 and the 30 and the Line 6 Spider Jam just blows them away.The controls are much more intuitive than the G-Dec line (like hitting the level buttonto bring the drum beat volume down so I could hear my guitar over it), and I was able to immediatelybring up whatever backing tracks, or drum beats I wanted and the only time I had to lookin the manual was to figure out how to change the tempo which is very easy.I only mention these capabilities to compare with the Fender line.Once you go further into the amp and get into the dubbing/recording it takes a bit moreeffort and the proper foot pedal.The amp can get really loud and I don't see why you could not use it to gig with as long asthe venue is no larger than a standard bar or side show.Since I have only had the amp for a short time, I can't say anything about how it will holdup, but I have 8 other amps by different companies, and the quality is just fine.By the way, I have a G-Dec 30 for sale???Addendum:The following is my take between the Jam and the 4 series, do with it as you wish.A modeling amp will literally model existing Amps, Artists, and Songs from different years.The Spider 4 does not have on board song or drum loops like the Spider Jam.If you are trying to get a specific sound of a band or musician or place in time, then the 4 isyour amp.If you need a practice amp, go with the Jam.I have both amps and as far as I am concerned, the Jam is a far better modeling amp as it does what the Spider 4 does plus drum and song tracks that you can play along with plus a whole lot more, even if it is based on the Spider 3 technology with a JM4 Looper as its engine.While the Spider 4 (I have the 150) is a nice amp, it is VERY SPECIFIC to the user needs and isnot that flexible.I do not agree that both amps are worthless without the foot pedals, as I used the Jam for a longtime without, and only acquired the Express pedal when I ordered the Spider 4.Also be very aware that the Line 6 documentation on their amps is very, very lacking, to put it mildly, and there so-called on line videos and user groups are just as lacking as their documentation.
