I'm very satisfied with the performance of the CM-2.  With a few tweaking, I could emulate the sound I get from my Fulltone OCD.  I'd say it's very versatile because there are two seperate controls for low & high frequencies unlike most pedals with just the "Tone" control.  A toggle switch lets you choose between "classic" & "modified" setting.  A tweaker's delight!  The "level" knob has a lot of juice.  If you set it at 10 or 11 o'clock, it's plenty loud enough.  Although you can't use it as a clean boost because it gives off a little gain even if you set the "gain" knob to zero.  If you have a single coil, it may sound like your tube amp is just breaking up, not so for humbuckers (too much gain).  You can also stack the CM-2 with other pedals.  I dusted my old Boss DS-1 and run it along with the CM-2 and was able to get some good tones.  The DS-1 usually hurts my ears but with the CM-2 behind it, sweet!  The Hardwire CM-2 may not be exotic as the boutique offerings from Klon, Zvex or LovePedal, but it will get the job done at a significantly lower cost.  It's well built, will take the pounding a gigging musician will subject it to.  There may be others better but they cost more than twice the price but not twice as good.  Try it, you can't go wrong!UPDATE:  Did a full comparison between the CM-2, Fulltone OCD & Joyo Crunch Distortion.GAIN:  Joyo obviously has the most gain followed closely by the CM-2 and OCD, 3rd.MIX:  The CM-2 has the most amount of control with separate high & low controls, followed by the OCD with just a tone control and the Joyo Crunch more or less sounds the same no matter what position you put the tone control.  Since the CM-2 has the widest tone range, I can make it behave like a Treble Booster!NUANCE:  The OCD cleans up well when you roll down the volume control on your guitar and is very dynamic.  The CM-2 is a close second and the Joyo Crunch, being strictly a distortion pedal is far behind.
First, I don't like most distortion pedals because of instead of making my Fender Blues DeVille 410 sound distorted, they make it sound like it is amplifying a distorted pedal.  There's a difference. Think about it if you don't get it.Second, I don't like having a lot of pedals. I play in a rock/country band were we play music that sounds like Neil Young, Tom Petty, CCR, etc.  Just simple and clean rock and roll with a mix of 1,4,5 chords and an occasional minor 6th.  I just want an overdrive (my Digitech Bad Monkey) and my Arion tuner, but I need distortion when we do covers, AC/DC, Hendrix, etc.  (The DeVille can do Hendrix, if you turn it up to 7.  But of course then it's too loud.)Based on those criteria, the DigiTech CM-2 is PERFECT.  The Classic "overdrive" setting allows me to sound like Hendrix or rocking Neil Young (or any other rock band from the 60s and 70s).  The Modern setting allows me to sound more like 80s and 90s rock, e.g., Guns 'n Roses and Soundgarden.And this is important, both settings make my amp sound like IT is being overdriven.  It sounds like my tubes are being pushed to their breaking point.  It sounds fricken awesome.  It does not sound like an amplified pedal.So I can use the Bad Monkey (I've reviewed it on Amazon if you want to read it) for boosting my clean sound.  I use the CM-2 if I want to play dirtier and for covers.  Two pedals (plus the tuner) and I can play everything I want.  I'm happy.
If you're anything like me, then I know what you're thinking: Digitech= Digital, fake-sounding junk. Not anymore. The Digitech HardWire CM-2 finishes what Digitech began with the Bad Monkey, which is a great overdrive pedal in its own right. But the CM-2 offers tone quality that compares to the best on the market (and as a pedal maniac, I've owned wayyyy too many overdrive and distortion pedals, so in all humility, I know what I'm talking about) and flexibility that is rivaled by none in the market for anything close to the price.What makes the CM-2 so great is that, like several other reviews have mentioned, it's not just another tube-screamer clone. There is no distinct mid-range hump and slightly rolled off bass that tubescreamers (particularly the TS-9) are known to have. There is a lot of range to all the knobs; the level can add some serious boost, bass and treble knobs allow you to significantly change your tone if that's what you're after, or you can dial it to be more (but never completely) transparent. Also, the CM-2 has more gain on tap than most overdrive pedals; you can go from basically a clean boost to adding a surprising amount of saturation to your tone. Lastly, the classic vs. modified switch gives you the option of adding some gain and bass by switching from classic to modified.I've tested the CM-2 as both an overdrive to a clean channel Fender Hotrod Deville, and as a front-end boost to my Bugera 1990 (basically a Marshall JCM 900). The CM-2 sounds great in both applications. Over the clean channel of the Fender, it sounds very full and smooth. Even turned all the way up, the overdrive never sounded very "grainy" or fuzzy; it maintained warmed, organic, and tube-like. "Boutique-esque" is how I would characterize it. Great for blues playing, and I'm sure that playing with the tone knobs you could dial in some good country tones as well.However, I use it more as a front-end boost to my already-overdriven Bugera amp. In front of the lead channel, CM-2 serves to take my tone from hard-rock crunch territory to a more metal tone, with chunky bass and roaring highs that make palm-muted riffs sound as at home as if they were coming through a Peavey 6505.As a conclusion, I'm really pleased with the quality of the Digitech CM-2. Both the sound and build quality are top-notch, and for a price similar to or less than most quality overdrive pedals on the market, I highly recommend checking out the CM-2.
This is the one pedal I can't do without. You can sculpt your guitar tone before it hits your amp, and that's the key to getting a tight rhythm tone at high gain. So if I encounter an amp that isn't tight enough, or the high gain distortion doesn't sound good by itself, I just turn down the gain or use a lower gain channel, and then hit it hard with this pedal. Sounds so much better than the internal high gain distortion.Alright, so here are some things you might want to know before you buy:* The gain knob when turned to zero still produces overdrive. So you can't use this as a *clean* boost pedal. With high output humbuckers, you still get some mild tube-like overdrive at zero gain. But this isn't advertised as a clean boost pedal.* So how much gain / distortion does this pedal have if you're going into a clean channel of an amp?  Plenty for classic rock and blues. Not enough for metal, though if you crank the gain and high knob all the way you can just barely get a prog style metal tone. But it's not a distortion pedal, it's just an overdrive.* This thing uses tiny SMC components in the circuitry and therefore isn't really moddable.* Unlike the Bad Monkey, this doesn't have an additional mixer / cabinet emulated output.* Like a tube screamer, it boosts the mids and reduces the bass so that going into a mushy sounding tube channel you get a tighter distorted sound. Anyone who has a nice warm amp and gets this pedal thinking they'll get more of the same, may be disappointed. What they need instead is a transparent clean boost pedal that keeps their guitar the same tone just louder volume.* The classic/modified switch is pretty cool. I have two guitars, one is kind of bassy and scooped sounding, the other is bright and middy. Well, using the switch, I can make one come out more equivalent to the other when needed. This keeps me from adjusting my amp each time I switch guitars. Classic is a slightly lower gain, more mid-boosted sound. Quite tight. Think Peavey 6505 EQ structure. Modified is more scooped, saturated. Think Mesa EQ structure. So this switch is a useful little bonus.*  It eats batteries, sucking in around 150 mA at 9V, so my 300 mAH rechargeable lasts 1.5-2 hrs. I swear if that blue LED weren't so bright it would probably get an extra hour. Instead of getting an adapter, I got an 8-battery AA clip, 9V battery clip, 12V DC plug, and 8 Sanyo Eneloop batteries. Hooked it up with negative tip, positive sleeve and now I have a 16,000 mAH monster = about 100 hours play time.This pedal is perfect. You get what it's advertised to do. It's rugged, looks good. I haven't found it to be noisy at all, unless there was something wrong with my guitar (strings not grounded through the bridge, etc...). Someone mentioned the silver tops of the dials falling off as if they were decals, but I looked and the knobs seem like all one solid piece to me.Another thing I found is that instead of using an overdrive plugin in my DAW, if I use this real overdrive pedal in front of my interface, that magically makes all hum / noise from my pickups go away.Overall, yes I highly recommend this, and would suggest people check out the Hardwire Metal Distortion if they want something as a standalone rather than an overdrive into a crunchy amp. Like others, though, I can't stop playing through this. Great purchase, especially if bought used.
The CM-2 is magnificent: [1] It produces beautiful overdrive (one that doesn't destroy your guitar's tone). [2] It has independent "High" and "Low" tone controls, and these controls are extremely sensitive to even minor changes--thus allowing for great versatility in tone-manipulation. [3] It features a switch that allows you to pick between "classic" overdrive and an extra blast of distortion ("modified"). [4] The case is made of metal. [5] It comes with a cover for the knobs so that you can avoid altering your settings when depressing the pedal. This pedal will not give you "metal" distortion; for that consider Digitech's TL-2. Instead, it produces a warm, old-time overdriven tone. I love this thing!
