works great. Haven't had a problem until now. Very durable and not uncomfortable either. Really awesome item for any type of electric guitar.
While ordering a guitar case, the guitar strap popped up and I could not pass up the deal.  I found it price inexpensive and the quality was very good.
Works and it is good.No problem, very standard one. All your own preferences. So you need to try it out before you say if that works for you.
I bought another heavy LP guitar recently and thought I'm going to use Fender "leather" strap I bought in Target a while ago (not sure why  - i never buy guitar stuff there) it looks good then. Well, you get what you pay for - leather looking paper wouldn't hold guitar. So, I gave it a chance and bough this on and it seems like this strap holding well. Ends is actually made from leather and fit buttons tightly. It still not too wide to play for few hours - but for that you have to buy $30+ one. So, this one works well for the price.
The strap is strong and well made. The color is perfect and with the pick pocket it makes for an easy place for picks to be stored. I like it a lot.
Arrived on time and as described.  The strap is well made and suspect it will be around for some time to come.  It is basic and not fancy.  It does the job, is comfortable and the price is right.  I have four of these Pro Tec straps having replaced all my old straps some of which date back a way too many years.  This one has the pick pocket which seemed like a neat idea.  So far forget to use it but that will come.
A strap is a strap, what can you really say about it? It was about $5 with prime shipping and connected to my guitar just fine. It's comfortable and fits my bass well. I'm a bigger guy and have plenty of length if I needed it. Nice value.
I have a collection of straps but not a black one.  This one matches the acoustic/electric I bought perfectly.  The pick holder is a nice addition to the strap that none of my other straps have.  I would buy fromthis company again.  Thank You.
Bought this for my Kona K2 acoustic, it fits and holds well on the guitar with the leather ends. Its adjustable with a pick pocket, Simple, good quality, would by another.
Bought this strap for use with my Dean EVO electric. It's very nice and durable, though the leather on the ends was really tough to get around the strap holders on the guitar since the strap is really heavy-duty. It works great, though, and for the price it's wonderful.
While on the surface the pocket sounds great, the picks either fall out because they aren't pushed in far enough or they are impossible to grab because they are pushed in too far. There is also a tendency for the picks to fall out when you put the guitar on a stand, which is a bit annoying.The strap itself is just fine and is a good price, but the pocket idea sounded better on paper than it works in real life.
I really like the idea of a &#34;Pick&#34; pocket in the strap. In fact I like it so well.... that when I replace the strap on my other guitar I'll make sure it also has the same type of strap.
&#34;Nice for the price&#34; ... practical, everyday useable. Money well spent on this one for sure. Glad I did it.
Fine product!i've been using it for 1 monthno dirty thread or any issue with itleather is bit tough at first time
Cheap crappy strap. It's too stiff, not comfortable at all. I regret purchasing this... Save your money, go hunt for a Coach strap or something similar. They are expensive but worth it.
I needed a new bass strap because my old one was frying at the ends. I choose this one because it was very durable. The nylon is very strong, I do not see it fraying in the future. The leather eds are nice and thick so the hook wont slip off the strap pegs. The guitar pick pocket on the the leather ends is a nice addition to keep your picks at hand. Good colour selection too. Highly recommended!
My son was very happy with this guitar strap.  He is just developing good techniques in playing and the comfort of this strap works well.
This works perfect with the quick release system I also purchased. I mostly purchased this so my buddies can play my guitars without adjusting my favorite strap. It also has a pick holder that comes in handy when you need an spare, or want to put it away without loosing it.
Good quality but not as nice as some pricier ones.  If I want better I would shop around and pay more.  Does the job for now.
Very pleasantly surprised buy this one.  I like the leather ends and it adjust easily and stays put.  It looks like it will hold up to some abuse as well.  A nice strap for my lower tier guitars.
This is a very secure and almost comfortable. There should be a pick pocket on both ends but it is a nice feature.
This is my first guitar belt, it is not a good fit, the connection to the guitar is far too thick, I try to not remove it too often as it is highly inconvenient and hard to manage.  Other than that it is usable, sort of, but I am thinking of getting some kind of metal hook instead, the thick leather is so unpleasant to deal with.
It's well made and is fine as straps go but the pick pocket isn't much use. The picture implies that it hold the pick so that it's partially exposed and easy to grab. However the pocket is bigger that this and fairly loose so that picks tend to fall out when taking the strap off.
I am pleased with this guitar strap and feel it will do great for the young musician in our home.
The only problem is that the pick falls out of the pocket rather easy. Also the holes are a little hard to hook, in the beginning.
Simple nylon guitar strap with pick pocket and leather tabs at each end.  Appropiately priced.  Good value.  Not fancy, but who needs a fancy strap for a $90 guitar?  Arrived before projected delivery date. The leather ends are VERY stiff and VERY difficult to use.  Takes a good deal of effort to get them on and off the guitar.
Well, here's what i have to say, this strap is much shorter than im used to, but seeing how I bought this for an off guitar, that's ok. They really should put the length in the description, the length is 53" max, where I like my straps to be 64" max.It is a hard strap to get on the guitar, (I do not suggest getting this strap withDunlop Dual Design Straplok System, Nickel), these are great locks, BUT almost impossible to install on this strap.Overall great buy for a cheap little money saver.
If you need a simple, normal-length strap, this should work fine.  However, if you are tall and like to sling the guitar a bit on the low side, this is not what you need.  I bought this but wound up ordering theErnie Ball 4037 Black Polypro Strapinstead.  Very similar look and feel, but the Ernie Ball is MUCH longer.  The lowest I could get this to hang was just above my waist.  Again, not a bad strap, just not for us tall guys :)
Best strap available for the price. Excellent quality and is very comfy.Love the pick pocket. I will be buying more
Nice strap for the price. Looks nice and quality seems nice. Like the pic holder on front. of the strap.
Well executed black guitar strap.  It is made of strong, seatbelt-like material with excellent stitching that is unlikely to ever fray or come apart.  The length adjusts easily to accomodate tall adults or children.  It has excellent leather ends with slots cut into the leather to put over you guitar buttons (not-included).  Nothing fancy but great quality that gets the job done inexpensively.
i ordered with my new guitar. These straps are quite flexible length-wise, so if you have ever been disappointed by a strap that you either couldn't get short enough for a high playing position or long enough for a low playing position, you will not be disappointed here.
Hangs my guitar around my neck so I don't have to hold it there. Easily adjusted. Looks nice. The pick pocket is handy.
I think this is a good deal. It's not colorful and flashy but secures theguitar nicely and as a previous reviewer has said, it is a little difficult toget on but it shouldn't fall off.
This guitar strap is very stiff and cuts into my neck.  Also, the &#34;pick pocket&#34; is only useful when the strap is around your neck.  When you remove the strap, any picks in the pocket fall out.  It is OK, definitely not great.
Nothing fancy about this strap, unless you want to count the pick pocket at one end. Just well made and functional.I got this for my grandson's Squier (by Fender) 3/4 size acoustic. It doesn't have a strap button at the top end. It would have been nice if this had come with a lace of some type to tie on just above the nut. But I work with leather and I found a nice piece of rawhide lace to serve this purpose. Not everyone would necessarily have the materials at hand.
So, you just spent all your money on a guitar and do not want to spend much more accessorizing.  This strap is perfect, even if you do have the money to spend and just looking for something that will do the job well.The materials are 1)high quality soft nylon for the strap - it feels kind of like a non-stretch ACE bandage, 2) durable non-scratching/marring plastic for the links and adjuster and 3) a thick rubber material for the ends.The thickness of  rubber material for the end secure the the straps pretty well. They do not slide of the strap pegs very easily. I say rubber like because they seem more like a synthetic leather but with more flexibility. Again this material seems to be non-marring.All this and a secret compartment for picks.Overall, a fantastic product with a price that can't be beat.  Highly recommended.  Five stars.
this is a nice strap. It's kinda  hard to get on the 1st time because it's stiff. That turned out to be good  good thing while dissecting the underbelly of swamp rat, it would  be sad if your axe fell in your soup!
This strap is a great strap. It is comfortable. It is adjustable. It just looks great. I have not used the pick holder yet.
Very nice quality, inexpensive guitar strap. A little tough to get on.... that just means it's not going to come off with use, just make sure it is all the way on before you start using it! Using this on my Ibanez ART100 electric guitar. The pick pocket is a nice extra.
Very good strap, but the pick pocket does not hold the picks securely. Especially when you take off the guitar for a break. Either a pocket closure or a spring loaded clip is needed
I recently purchased two Protec guitar straps in order to avoid having to switch straps between instruments.  These straps are quite flexible length-wise, so if you have ever been disappointed by a strap that you either couldn't get short enough for a high playing position or long enough for a low playing position, you will not be disappointed here.  These are also a nice medium width, so they should be suitable for all kinds of players.  Although one reviewer complained about the size of the holes for the strap buttons, I actually find the snug fit to be an advantage:  it doesn't feel like I'll have to worry about the strap coming disconnected from the guitar.  And, the price is right.
It's a guitar strap. It holds up the guitar. Using it on an acoustic dreadnought and it's plenty long enough.
Great idea, well made, nice heavy webbingFit probly 6 or more picks. No need to glue/screw junk on your axe, maybe good with slide, or capo, haven't tried. But good product and price.
If you just need an inexpensive strap that is perfectly functional at a low price then this is the one for you.  Works fine, no problems.
Made of durable nylon with pick pocket. Given 5 stars, Shipped on time and at good price. I recommend this item.
There are other guitar straps that are nearly the same quality for half the price. The thing about this one is that it has a pocket to hold a few picks, which is quite useful. I also like the leather ends, because they dont shift and move around quite as much as my old plastic-ey one did. Overall, i think these are abit much for seven dollars, but im happy with the purchase.
This was a great strap, i used it on my guitar for months and it's so strong that it's tough to take off, i'm buying another one for my bass
What can I say about a guitar strap.  It fits the guitar well and is a nice strap for the price.
I'm not going to gush over this one...it simply works well for the price paid. It has nice thick leather ends that hold onto my guitar well enough(especially if you use locking clips...you DO use them, right? ;)). I like it and will use it again.
A great add on to my student model for acoustic practising. Always add those rubber gasket strap stops too. Fender makes good cheap ones. Guitar will never fall off a strap.
Very comfortable. The soft yet thick leather ends will really protect the finish. Heavy duty but soft on the shoulder. Not cheap quality at all. This will definitely last a long time.
Cheaply made but functional. Keep a couple of these in the bag as spares.They will be handy if you- know- who shows up to the gig without a strap.
I have enjoyed my Protec Strap. I was surprised how well made the leather harnesses are and I have had no issue with them stretching on the strap posts of my Dot Studio. One note would be that these straps are probably better for your lighter body styles - strats, teles, sgs - heavier guitars will tend to start digging into your shoulder after an hour or so. Having the pick pocket is a neat feature. I am just finishing up rebuilding a LP copy and I will be getting another for this guitar net week.
This isn't the best strap, but it's affordable and pretty good for a beginner's guitar strap. The pick holder on the strap is pretty neat, however I don't find myself using it often. The guitar strap is not very comfortable, but it does the job. Recommended for a practical and affordable strap for electric guitar. Don't forget to buy strap locks, you will need it.
These are really well made straps for the money! The only problem I had was that I wished I had ordered more of them!!!!
A little nicer than I thought it would be. As far as inexpensive straps go this one is worth it.  I like the pick pocket too.  But don't let the pocket be the selling point.  It's not that cool.
my guitar strap was old, I replaced it with this one as I didnt want to head into town,, is black and no frills.
they are cheap to buy and they are nice straps for an acoustic.  I am not sure how they would feel on a heavy electric
Very good guitar strap!  Thick nylon webbing material well sewn and the leather ends not only look sharp, they hold really well on your guitar studs.The tan color goes with with my natural finished guitar.I would recommend this strap to all!
I order 2 of these for my electric guitars.  They are cheap enough and have a pretty good adjustment range.  The end tabs are either leather or some kind of stiff "pleather" knock off. They were VERY difficult to get on my guitar pegs (not a bad thing as my old strap popped off with the slightest pressure).  These are not coming off anytime soon.  They are wide enough but do not have any kind of shoulder pad (I play sitting down so no big deal to me- but if you play standing up these won't be the most comfortable straps) All in all they are a decent strap for the price.
I really like this strap, it's comfortable, adjusts easily, and the pick holder is really convenient.  This is my second one for my other guitar.
Pro Tec manufactures a variety of accessories for musical instruments.  Their low cost black nylon guitar strap, is a well constructed high quality item, that is a top seller at Amazon.  The large sized attachment tabs are quite thick, about 1/8 inch.  Although the fit on the typical guitar strap nuts is snug, some type of strap retainer would still be recommended.  Black works with most colors, and this strap should last for a long time, but it is so inexpensive, if you qualify for free shipping, you might want to consider ordering a spare.
This strap is sturdy and looks good and goes well with a Fender Strat, it doesn't come off every time you get to jamming out and forget you are not sitting down, so you don't have to worry about dropping your guitar so you can focus on rocking out.
These straps are very good at a low cost. I actually like them better than a few high-priced straps I have and they&#8217;re lightweight as well.
This strap is very well made.  The leather is real thick and stiff which make is very unlikely to come off your guitar.  Very happy with this low cost strap.
Looks like the ends will hold up without having to use strap locks. The pick pocket is cool, though I won't be using it.
The strap is very reliable, the pick pocket is a nice touch, but if playing for extended periods of times, you might want to go with something more comfortable.
for the price u cant go wrong. its long enough .. and well made.. it got here fast and was trackable.. slap and tap an dont forget ur strap.
