So good that I bought another one.  Love the heavy cord and gold connectors.  Guitar sounds great.  I just learned last night how to coil them up.  I guess I should read instructions more carefully.  But no harm done, still works great!
These aren't my first set, I can't count the amount of Monster 1/4 cables I bought and own. None has ever failed me so far. Highly recommend these! I love how they sound and they are built well.
Don't buy cheap cables. They just rob your tone. These are the best cables for the money. sure you'll spend a few more bucks but they sound great hold up and are guaranteed for life.  What else could you ask for. All I will use are these cables
The biggest question I ask about these cables, are they worth the premium charged above more normal cables? The key to me is the lower end 100 series Monster cables,Monster S100-I-12 Standard 100 1/4-Inch Instrument Cable (12 Feet). The answer is mixed, and depends on what you are looking for.The cable ends are very heavy, they are metal and do unscrew. In some ways this is probably good, they feel good in your hand plugging and unplugging. The jacks are gold plated and look like they would last a lifetime. On the other hand, the series 100 plugs are a molded plastic end, with a good bit of flex to them, and they are lighter weight. So the choice is, heavy, shiny gold; or light weight, gray/black? For me, I like the heft of these cables.Construction-wise these are likely lifetime cables. Check out the pictures I've posted. The metal housing screws into the jack. There is an O-ring to seal the top portion of the threads. Inside the wires are soldered solidly to the jack, and then the whole thing is cast in solid acrylic or plastic. Unless you run over this end with a truck or pulled really really hard like tug of war, the wire is never separating from the jack. I don't think the actual 1/4 inch jack is any sturdier than other jacks.Sound is excellent. They are clear clean cables. Are they better than the 100's? Oh maybe a tiny bit. Maybe a little clearer, cleaner sound. But it isn't a huge difference.Bottom line, for gigging, probably go with the 100's. The jack ends will get stepped on at some point and they are cheap enough to replace. For practice or in your house, these are probably the way to go. They do look particularly good plugged into a Marshall half stack.These cables are not outrageously over priced like everything else Monster Cable. Study different one quarter inch jack cables and you'll see these are priced very close to everyone else. This is not the case of the HDMI cables at the big box store for fifty times what you should pay for them.
These cables work very well at transmitting sound. So why only three stars? Well, these are far from the most well thought out instrument cables you will find. These are stiff, thick, and heavy. While that's good for most analog cables, these cables are so stiff and heavy that, for instance, a portable tuner or a small stomp box might easily be moved around just by having one end of this cable in there.With so many amps having plastic jacks these days, you have to wonder what kind of stress these cables might be putting your amp jacks and pickguard-mounted output jacks under if these cables can fling a tuner around just by being plugged into one. I mean, let's face it. You never know what will happen at a gig. Sometimes you're playing with a 12 foot cable when you should have a 18 foot cable. A cable shouldn't come out because of a gentle pull, but if it's between the cable falling out and it moving a bass head around or you tripping on it, you want the cable to fall out. If everything you have is heavy or Velcro'd to the ground, this isn't a problem, but it is for me. I feel like when you're playing with these cables, you're worried about stepping on the cable not because you want to pull it out, but because it's seriously like a trip wire out there.Lastly, these plugs are huge. That's not really a problem if you play a Strat or a Tele, but what about a P-Bass or a J-Bass where the plug comes out at a right angle from the body? This is going to stick out a lot, and to loop it around your strap, it's going to be a huge, stiff, cumbersome loop. I know people often buy 90 degree plugs for those kinds of instruments, but most normal straight plugs do just fine. So yeah, if you like to move around on stage, get more flexible cables. You'll thank me.These cables are just poorly thought out. They'd work great as patch cords, or keyboards, drum machines, from pedal board to amp (as long as you have a metal jack). Monster has a cable that costs half as much but works twice as well for actual instrument use, and at that price, Pro Co cables are also excellent, and they have brand name plugs, as well.
