We opted for the World Tour "Guitar Gig Bag" over a hard case because most of the time my son's guitar is hanging on the wall usingString Swing Hardwood Home & Studio Guitar Hanger (Shades May Vary). This case is generally good quality and meets our needs, with the following observations:Pros -+ Lightweight; doesn't add a lot of pounds but still protects the guitar+ Good Quality; strong material, stitching, and zippers+ Storage Pockets; big enough for music pages, picks, and a small electronic tuner+ Handles; good hand grip handle on the side and has well padded adjustable packpack strapsCons -- Limited Protection; this is not a hard case and it will not provide much protection from a serious impact- Appearance; this is not awe-inspiring to look at, being very basic and the "World Tour" logo looks a little "cheesy"This was a good choice for the limited, light use it gets from us.Recommended!CFH
This is a fine bag for a guitar, I got it for my brother...I'm not a music person but its good
I don't know who would need better unless you traveled a lot where you might need the hard case.  This one surpassed my expectations.Months into using the Gig Bag and not a single problem.  The pockets are packed with books, tools, and strings.The shoulder straps make carrying the bag across town a breeze.
A great universal bag. I can put everything in this bag from my 12 string to my hollow body. Has great pockets to carry your picks, strings, and tuners. The padding is better that I expected. It does have a red strip on this if your concerned about color.
Arrived on schedule.  Sturdy, with adequate padding to protect my &#34;babies&#34;.  Three zipper pockets to hold cords, mics, capos and tuners as still have room for keys and combs.  I own several gig bags, and this is my favorite.
Received item when promised, fits great for my Yamaha Acoustic Electric, but carry with care, remember Acoustics are hollow body and can bust if dropped, great zipped pockets.
This case is very durable, nice heavy duty zippers and pockets for storage. The 20mm is perfect to protect instrument during travel. The red piping in the picture is more maroon in real life.
I bought a Hollowbody without a case and wanted a gig bag in case I decided to take it anywhere. The prices of the other bags ranged from more than double this one to almost four times. I have other guitars and they all have cases and I might never actually take this guitar anywhere so I didn' twant to spend a lot. Price was a big issue. The guitar fits great. The bag is well padded and I can't believe the price.
I purchased this for my daughter who is 10.  She is learning to play guitar and needed a bag to protect the new guitar I bought her.  This bag has plenty of storage, offers good protection and the guitar fit perfectly.  I am going to purchase another one for my guitar.
