What can I say? These are probably the most well-known pads available and probably the best. This was the best price I could find on Amazon and they arrived as described via very prompt shipping.
Ok, so I just installed these things for my KRK 6's (no stands...just sitting on two other speakers).  What can I say?  The bass, which previously had disappeared in my studio, is now present again!  My monitors sounded kinda thin before because I was losing so much energy to my desk, but these things have made a ton of difference!  My stereo image even feels wider now!Sure, they're a little pricy, but hey...THEY WORK!  If that's what they want to charge for them, and people continue to buy them, I'm cool with that!  I'm happy with the reults my $40 got me!5/5!
These really do work great. No more desk vibrations and the sound out of my monitors are very clear now. I do only wish i could of found these in a smaller size since they are way bigger then my 5" monitors. If anyone knows where to get smaller ones let me know. Thanks!
I'm using them to angle my speakers up in addition to isolating them from the desk surface. Unfortunately, these angle the speakers down by default, so I had to do some cutting and rearranging, but it worked out. If you need to cut these to fit your speakers, try to find something better than scissors, because it's quite hard to cut the foam evenly with them.
These MoPads are pretty amazing. I recently just purchased the Atlantic 33935701 Gaming Desk so I had a feeling that I would need these pads.These pads are a must for an amateur recording studio setup with little or no acoustic treatment. Sitting your monitors or speakers on these pads will produce an even better quality sound experience and they also will get rid of unwanted bass vibrations from your desk. I love that you can use the extra pads to angle them any way you want for your set up. These pads make my bookshelf speakers sound AMAZING. It's like I'm using actual studio monitors. At $40, you can't go wrong with these pads for you studio. It is a MUST to have these.
These are laser cut pads for your studio monitors. I feel more vibration from a hard drive spinning on my desktop than the sounds coming out of my speakers. And they look professional too.
Just what I needed for my Home Studio Monitors that sit on the table next to my Computer and my DAW system, was surprised at how many different versions I was sent, they all work well thanks heaps......
The reviewer who wrote that that these are "cheap foam" worth $5.00, doesn't understand or appreciate the quality of these speaker isolators. A/B these with some $5.00 cheap foam and you will realize how good these Auralex isolators work. I am using a pair of Behringer Truth active speakers that weigh 33 pounds each. These isolators not only support them very well but solved a big problem I had. It seems my speakers were "audio coupling" with the console they were placed on making the console vibrate with the spaekers and muddy up the lower fequencies.My problem started when I noticed that my mixes sounded good on other systems except for the bass frequencies around 80-125 HZ. Apparently my Behringer speakers were not accurately reproducing that fequency range and I was EQing that range badly to compensate. I didn't hear it when I mixed my Hafler M-1 speakers. I was about to give up on the Behringer Truth speakers but I really thought that they sounded excellent on every other frequency and are very detailed in every other range. The Behringers also had all the power I needed (active speakers) and can be played really loud in my studio without any distortion. Except for what I can only describe as a muddy or not clearly detailed low end, I love these speakers. Fortunately I was at a friends studio (a great pro studio) and I saw that he was using the Auralex Isolators under his speakers. He said he loved them. I bought them and placed them under my speakers and remixed a project I had been working on. WOW!! What a difference. It was an immediate difference. The bass is now nicely detailed and that muddy tone is no longer there. I had to reajust the EQ on the lower frequencies (cut them back to almost flat)on the new mix. I immediately bought a 2nd set for my small Hafler speakers. Why take a chance that they were also not reproducing accurately. These isolators are a great product and problem solver that saved me from buying new speakers and discovering that I still had the same problem. "Cheap foam"?? I don't think so.
Some will argue that these are not necessary for your monitors, however as somebody who has worked in music for more than half their life, I can assure you that, whereas they're not life or death, they do make a significant improvement on the listening process, especially in your project studio. No, they're not going to make your music sound any better, but they will give you a more detailed and accurate bass response when your monitoring. Even cooler is the fact that the pads come with 2 extra pieces of padding that will essentially let you customize the position of the monitors in that you can angle them up or down ever-so-slightly. Lastly, although my monitors fit perfectly on the pads, I can't help but to think that if my monitors were any larger, I would need a second pair, especially if they were positioned horizontally. All and all, overpriced or not; they really make a world of difference.
