Elixir strings are my favorite choice of strings for all 8 of my Guitars. They are smooth and bending is a breeze. They last longer than most other brands I've used. I use a little Finger Grease Spray and I would recommend them to anyone.
Without changing my pickups or polishing my frets, I thought I'd try to get a little more sustain switching up strings. At first I thought I had got a bum buy because the I had to bring the action up a bit to account for the over brightness of the strings. Had my tone all off and I was ready to dig my other set back out of the trash..... played on it for a half hour (went through the exact same thing with the Polywebs I put on the RG655) then retuned, sounded pretty good. Played for another half hour and retuned and it actually sounds great now. Dropped the action back down and it's smooth as silk in an hour's time. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND
The title says it all. They're Elixirs, you just can't go wrong with Elixirs. Trust me, I've played for 13 years.
I liked my Elixir strings on my acoustic, so I knew that the ones for electric would be worth the extra money (as compared to non-coated brands).  They seem to create less noise from unintentional slide friction--it's sort of like the difference between flatwound and regular strings--these feel like super-flatwound strings, meaning they feel smooth.  I have some nice callusses built up, but I imagine that I'd like these strings even more if I was just starting out (or restarting) because I imagine they tear up your fingertips much less than non-coated strings.
I put these on one of my Gibson Les Pauls' and so far so good.  Great sound and no wear after one session, unlike the D'Addario strings.I will update in a few weeks as I see how long they last.
Good strings for my electric guitar.I liked the product a lotClean sound, easy to change and much more.
Bought these for my son's electric guitar.  He loves this brand!  They sound great and seem to last longer than other brands.  Price is great!
Elixir strings are very nice.  so slick and last forever compared to standard strings..But i will admit D addario strings are just as good but have to be replaced more often. So if you have the money and want to try these technology advanced strings i dont think you will be disappointed. Some people say they are too slick.. and i can see that when you put new strings on you expect them to feel a certain way..  But you will get over that once you see how long they last.
Been using these for years. They feel great, last longer than any other string and most importantly, they sound GREAT.They cost a little more than other strings but they're worth it.
Totally awesome strings. I've heard other strings are great too, but I highly recommend everyone try these if you haven't. Outstanding string life, superior sound, ease of sliding, I get these strings every time. Elixirs for life! I'd pay double for these strings all day.
As a professional guitar player, I am always nervous playing a show with &#34;old&#34; strings. However, I've been using Elixir for over 2 years now, and the strings really do last a long time. I would usually replace my strings every month, but I've started leaving them on for up to 6 months.
These guitar strings are very nice and I love them. I always buy this brand. They work well and sound amazing.
After all these reviews I expected the Greatest Strings Ever, golden strands of Glory that would last for a year with sparkling tonal perfection!Instead, I got a decent set of .10's that lasted a whole hour before the D snapped at the neck pickup. I use a PRS with a Wilkinson bridge that rarely breaks strings, and I pre-stretch them gently but completely. Plus I tune down to Eb for vocal and breakage reasons, so I break very few of my normal strings, Slinky .10's. Ergo, a break in one hour from a thick string under minimal tension, tuned down, is unacceptable, especially when these strings cost three times as much as most all other electric strings.As for the tone, it's definitely bright and almost too edgy, but nicely zingy all told. Yet one negative I've noticed after about 8 hours' loud playing with a drummer is that these things seem to vibrate more widely than most strings, making them harder to tune. Sounds odd, I know, but when I replaced the D with a Slinky D (replacing singles ain't cheap either at triple the price, please note), I've since noticed that it tunes faster and in a tighter range than the Elixir strings.So, I must say I'm summarily unimpressed so far with Elixir electric strings.What's the good of string lasting a long time if it breaks fast?Especially when it costs three times more?And what's up with the tuning thing?And why do these cost so much more, anyhow? Is a micro-thin coating of siliconish stuff really worth two bucks extra each string? Not when that string is toast in 50 minutes, zero doubt there.Anyhow, I've got five Elixirs and one Slinky on my main ax now, so as they age I'll get a good feel for how the Elixirs stay in tune and hold their tone, and I'll report back here in a while. And by the way, that Slinky D sounds almost exactly the same as the Elixirs, tonally. So much for Magic Elixir Tone.Don't get me wrong, I really do want to love these, as I hate changing strings, but geez guys, how about some quality control?If I'm going to pay triple the price, then is it crazy to expect triple the quality? Or heck, even just a little better...PS If you look at the D'Addario reviews (I love their acoustic strings), they respond to many of the reviews and questions. I hope that Elixir will do the same here and address my questions.[Edit: And now, after only six hours' of playing on that guitar, the B string popped at the same place as the D, neck pickup. Once again I ask: what good are strings that "sound good three times longer" if they break three times faster?][Edit: 10/31/12. Come on! After four more hours, the A string went. I only play that ax one or two sessions a week, and the next time I joked to the drummer, "Which one will go today?" He said he's amazed the G is still on, as he plays too and knows the G takes the most tension. An hour later, guess what? Yep. So that's four broken strings in less than 20 hours' play. Seriously?Not only are these not a good deal for 9 bucks, I'd be bummed if they cost 3 bucks. The only plus I can think of at this point is they sounded good when new, but dang, unless you play totally smooth jazz or some such, I'd stick with Slinkies or D'Addarios. Unless I got a "bad set", which seems kinda lame for triple the normal price. In any case, these Elixirs were just not worth the money.][Edit, 3/3/13: I called Elixir and told them about the multiple breakage, and they sent me another set. That set has taken a few four hour hard rock sessions with no breaks yet, thought the tuning issue remains. I'll add a star for good customer service and the hope that perhaps my first set was a dud. But honestly, at this price, there should be no duds at all.]
These are my favorite brand of strings.When i was a beginner a few years back these were the 1st strings i bought on my electric (since i used them on my acoustic) And i have to say, elixir is my favorite brand of strings. They last long, are easy to tune, & have a nice bright sound & if you take proper care of them (wipe them down when your done playing, keep the guitar in your gig bag when your not using it, ETC.) that bright sound can last about 6 MONTHS OR MORE!! i usually just buy about two sets a year & im a HEAVY player i play about 2-7 hours EVERYDAY. I love the coating aswell but the medium gauge & up usually don't have that other coating you can get on the light gauge strings, but overall these strings are awesome & are a must buy for every guitarist!
great set of strings I will stick with elixir strings whether it be electric or acoustic great brand and they know what they are doing.
