I've used these straplocks for many years on all my electric instruments; they're fairly inexpensive, and I've never had a problem with them, never broke one nor had to replace them because of wear/abuse, and I've NEVER had a guitar/bass hit the floor.  A couple of warnings here, which have nothing to do with the quality of the straplocks: 1.) you need to make sure the screw is snug in the hole; some people put a matchstick, toothpick, piece of paper or SOMETHING inside the hole to tighten it up if the hole's too big or has been stripped out; I use a touch of Elmer's Glue, screw in the straplock, and let it sit for a day.  2.) You have to make sure the ends that fasten to your strap are securing enough of the strap so that it doesn't work itself off the end; use a socket to get the nut really tight.  New straps seem to be easier to secure.
I have Schaller Security Strap Locks on all but one of my guitars and will probably purchase Schallers for that one soon. These give you an added sense of security because they can be adjusted to work with gravity, the post sits in the lock rather that depending just on springs to hold it in place. My Larrivee RS-4 came with these and converted me to Schaller.
Their are two issues with these strap-locks that I have come across.The first issue is with thick straps. I purchased a nice leather Levi's strap (which I love), but their didn't seem to be enough threads on the lock to fit the strap on. I managed to get it to work by thinning the leather of the strap with a vise. Overall it wasn't a huge issue, just a bit annoying.The second issue is actually a very concerning to me. Both of my guitars have begun to randomly unclip themselves from the straps and fallen to the ground. Not good. I think it has something to do with the metal on the locks getting either bent or worn down, whatever it is I don't like having my guitars fall to the floor.I have these on two of my guitars, both of which are very heavy. It's the first thing I do when I purchase an instrument. They're pretty easy to put on the strap and guitar, and they do securely hold the instrument in place, mostly. I've had them on one of my guitars for over ten years, and on the other for over five.I probably won't change to a different set of locks, for fear of stripping the holes on my guitars, but my next guitar will be getting some Dunlop straplocks (http://www.amazon.com/Dunlop-Design-Straplok-System-Nickel/dp/B0002CZVXM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1357264576&sr;=8-1&keywords;=straplock)which seem a lot better and more sturdy.
Schaller guitar strap locks work really, really well. However, I had problems at first until I made some changes.- First off, you need to put a drop of lock tight on the threads or the nut will loosen. The blue stuff will be more than enough.- Second, the lock can grab the strap pin on your guitar and turn/loosen the screw over time. Kinda defeats the purpose of the locks if they hold on to the button but the button comes out of your guitar. So... When I install the new button, I put a drop of epoxy in the screw hole first. Never had one unscrew again.If you do those things first, you will never have your guitar strap fall off by accident. Ever... But, you can remove the strap any time you want easily by disengaging the lock.
Schaller strap locks keep your guitar in place. They have been around a long time and hold up well with time. I also have used dunlops, which are nice as well, but these seem to be the better product IMHO.
After years of playing, I rather choose this small and strong accessory to take care of my precious guitars and basses.
Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force.We tried to make the Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.
I've been using the Schaller Strap Locks on my guitars since the 1980's.  They give me a sense of security, knowing that my guitar strap is totally secured to my guitar.  I consider it cheap insurance.
I've only had these strap locks for a couple weeks, however, they've performed well so far. The fail proof U holding the guitar is what sold me on these. I would recommend these strap locks over any others currently on the market, but I'm working on designing a better lock.
I bought these through Amazon about a year ago and have installed them on all of my guitars. I have both the nickel and black on heavy basses and they have never let me down. I have since installed them on an electric and acoustic guitar out of convenience and purpose. The locks work great and give you an added sense of security.The reviews of the locks speak for themselves and no matter what style of guitar, whether it's a Les Paul, strat or active bass, I would strongly suggest them. I have never used the Dunlop locks, but have heard that some Epiphone and Gibson Les Pauls have mounting holes more suited for Dunlops.One thing to note is that all of these come with their own longer screws to use if needed. I never had to use them, but they are a nice touch and ended up in the parts bin.
About ten years ago, I installed strap locks on my first guitar (Fender Stratocaster). They worked well and were easy to install. I subsequently installed Dunlop strap locks on many other guitars with mixed results: the screws are really small and they would some times get stuck in the middle of installation. I had to drill additional holes no two guitars (Gibson SGs).  Ouch.This made me take a second look at Schaller. The components, beginning with the screws, are of much higher quality than Dunlop. It took me ten years to realize that I made the wrong choice.  I should have gone with Schaller from the beginning. I have replaced all my strap locks with Schaller with excellent results.
This is my second set of these. I bought the 1st set in the 1980's and I'm still using them on the guitar that they matched. (black hardware). I was impressed with the quality of the 1st set and the 2nd set is just as good. Money well spent.
I have found that everything Schaller make's is Grade A-#1 in My book. Made in Germany ( NOT China ) these locks are fast and secure. I like the way they slide on & off which if Your like Me having to change Guitar's during a show or just at home, the change is smooth and safe. No dropping guitar's around here !!! I have them on all My guitar's.
This is as simple and as reliable as it gets. YOu don't need anything else to have your guitar secured to the belt!
Schaller is sort of a household name among guitarists, because they've been making the same product for so long now.  You probably already know what this thing is and what it does.  All my electric guitars are equipped with these.
Certainly worth every penny you pay for them... and they do vary in price for sure from dealer to dealer.  But if you have a $2000 plus guitar the last thing you want to do is drop it because of bad strap knobs/pins.  These are great for sure.
These locks are the only ones I use now, they are on all of my guitars and I put them on all I build. I have not had a guitar drop since I started using them, and have not read of anyone else having one drop either if it was attached. I have tried the Fender lock recently and although it is a great lock it is too large for me and my Schaller equipped straps will not fit them. I will stick with the Schaller in all 3 colors.
