I received these TASCAM headphones as part of the Amazon Vine review program.  I was excited to receive them, as I've looked at them many times and considered ordering due to the reasonable price point and 'professional grade' designation.I'm not an audiophile, nor am I snob about audio devices.  Any brand that works well at the right price, I'll buy it.  That being said, I've recently been fortunate enough to get to try out lots of headphones, with theBose AE2w Bluetooth Headphones - Blackbeing the most recent.Obviously the Bose beat the TASCAM ones, so it would be unfair to compare them other than to say that 'sound wise' you can really tell a difference in the mid and high range.  These TASCAM TH-2000-R 'Professional Grade' Headphones don't sound clear to me in the mid and high ranges.  Bass is great, but even when tweaking the equalizer settings I never could find the clarity I was seeking in the full range.I listened to several genres: Classical, Blues, Pop, Rock, Electronic, Country, and Latino with these headphones.  Each time, the quality was good, but not great despite attempted software and device adjustments on my iPhone, PC andYamaha RX-V675 7.2 Channel Network 3D AV Receiver with Airplay (Black).The fit of the headphones is big for me.  Usually, they are too small.  Having them as small as I could make them (top of my head to ears), the cups still dropped down a bit lower than I liked. I had to hold them in place to get a solid fit.  The padding underneath the headpiece is minimal, and after about 15 minutes of use the top of my head hurt.The build quality of these phones appears to be excellent. The cord is thick and can be extended to an estimated 6'.  The screw on adapter: 1/8(3.5mm) to 1/4(6.3mm) allows for use with multiple devices, stereo components and sound boards.  The foldable design does allow for some size reduction, but not much.These headphones will appeal to those who like heavy bass.  Great for those who want the chunky headset look, are on the go DJing, and/or have larger heads.They are not for those looking for a wide range and subtlety in their listening.  They're also not for those with smaller heads.
These headphones are almost perfect. The sound is great, good balance between highs and lows. They are comfortable too as far as ear pads go. The only problem is the size. These are for people with big heads, or who wear headphones over a hat, or who are buying headphones for their pet grizzly bear. Maybe all the people at Tascam have really big heads. Mine is average, and these slide down because the headband is too large even at the smallest setting. So minus one star for that. Otherwise, sound quality is excellent. Comes with a 1/4 inch adapter, which is nice. Good price.
To describe my impressions of the TH-2000-S versus my well-used Sennheiser HD-201s I chose a few favorite reference tracks that illustrate different instrumental timbres and production values:  I like to use recordings I know well so I can quickly detect varying emphasis in frequency response and clarity.Andres Segovia - `Variations on a Spanish Folk Tune - Narvaez' from `My Favorite Spanish Encores'.In my opinion one of the finest recordings of solo classical guitar I've ever heard, both for the performance and the sheer beauty of sound.  The distinguishing points of this opening piece are the bass notes that Segovia's arrangement of the original vihuela-texture really emphasize. For me there's a difference between bass presence and bass clarity: I'll gladly trade less `oomph' in the gut for the kind of definition the Tascam's bring out:  warm, well-defined, with a crisp and clear treble edge. The Sennheisers, while equally balanced, were far muddier and less defined at the low end with less presence and sparkle on top. They were also considerably quieter and this applies across the board - the TH-2000-S just puts out a lot more sound at similar volume settings.Jeff Beck `You Know What I Mean' from `Blow By Blow'.The George Martin production remains for me one of the most colorful instrumental electric guitar records ever made.  The clean separation and space in the mix between guitar, electric piano, clavinet, bass and drums is always a joy to hear on a good sound system. The TH-2000s again demonstrated more punch in the mids and bottom end than the Sennheisers and overall more presence. It's a 24-bit recording and this is the first time I can honestly say I hear the difference - like being there in the control room, seriously. There's a greyness to the Sennheisers that frankly never bothered me before, but after hearing the Tascam phones, I doubt I'll ever be satisfied with less again.Stravinsky Violin Concerto - Anne Sophie Mutter from `Mutter Modern'.The words I keep coming back to are `presence' and `clarity'. I can hear string attacks, counter voices in woodwinds and an increase in overall spaciousness with the TH-2000-S that I simply don't hear with the Sennheiser phones.As far as craftsmanship, the TH-2000-S weighs more than my other phones and much of that weight is in the band rather than the cups. The sliding cup adjustment is easy to move yet ratcheted to stay in place securely when removing the phones casually. The cup mounts are really well-designed and allow fine-grained 4-way rotation that guarantees a snug fit regardless of the size and shape of your head and ears. I like the balanced feel and snug fit on my admittedly large head. The 2-3" cushion along the inside of the band and in particular the adds comfort.The cord is a hybrid - the 2-3' closest to the phones is flat 1/8" diameter, well-insulated 'matte-finish' and flexible. Beyond that there's another foot of coiled wire that will comfortably expand another 3-4 feet.  I think it's a nice compromise that's probably biased towards most users sitting fairly close to an output jack - you can avoid having to deal with excess cord unless you need to.As we get older our hearing changes: for most people it's a decrease in high-frequency response but it also occur across the entire spectrum.  Simply listening louder isn't always the best solution and it can be a tremendous ear-opening experience to try a pair of better quality headphones. I'd encourage anyone excited by quality sound to experiment and these Tascam TH-2000-S are a good place to start.
The TASCAM TH-2000 headphones are like putting a pair of studio monitors on your ears! They are great! Excellent bass response (not muddy at all), tight mids, and clear highs. To boot, they are extremely comfortable as well. The foam fits nicely around your ears, conforming to the contours of your face. They are adjustable, so if you have a huge head you can still wear these. The only drawback that I can see, and I don't really even consider this a negative, is the coiled cord. Some people may not like that. All in all these are great headphones - I have listened to all varieties of music with them, monitored recordings with them, etc... excellent! By the way, they also are pretty good at cancelling extraneous noise in the background, making the music come out clearer. Kudos to Tascam for making such good headphones!May 12, 2014 UPDATE ------These headphones quit working after just a few months of working properly. I have a couple pair of inexpensive behringers that have lasted through more abuse and are still working. What a disappointment!!!
These headphones really seem to be built pretty well, so it is with some regret that I have to report that I don't like them.The sound reproduction is not flat, and it has a distinct bass heaviness that I can't use when recording or mixing.  In addition to the bass-heavy delivery, there seems to be a dip in the upper mids, a boost in the low mids, and a rolling off of the high end.  This just doesn't work for me in the studio.  The overall size of the headphones is large and they won't fit well for people with smaller heads.  I had some people try them on and they all stated that the earpieces went down too far and didn't fit on their ears properly.  I checked to make sure that they were retracted to their smallest size and they were.This is a shame, as TASCAM make some fine products and are a good name.  I have owned four DA-88 recorders, many field recorders, and three different portable recorders from them, all of which have been great. I am certainly not saying anything bad about the company, but their headphones are just put out there to be low-priced headphones that are not suited to a professional studio.I have used theSony MDR7506 Professional Large Diaphragm Headphone [Electronics] for decades now and I still recommend them.  I have had the same pairs for over 20 years and they are all still going strong, barring replacing the ear padding.  The Sony headphones do not cost a tremendous amount more, and they are worth every penny if you are doing studio work.I would also recommend theAKG K 240 MK II Stereo Studio HeadphonesorAKG K 240 Semi-Open Studio Headphonesover the TASCAM reviewed here.  The AKG perform much better when you are using a headphone amplifier though, so that would need to be taken into account.
