I ordered these for my son who is a whiz on the guitar. He uses them for both electric guitar and acoustic guitar. He swears by them and loves how they stay in his grip without slipping while picking and going nutso on his guitars! Buy them, you won't be sorry. Plus, wow its a great price.
I use these and the next heavier and have since they came out and the standard model before that. Great grip, slow wearing and they don't break. I've been playing since 1973 and switched to Dunlops way, way back and have never found another I prefered. So give them a try.
This is my go to favorite pick especially for strumming. I Love the added level of control the grip surface gives me.
Easy to hold onto. I'm a big fan of the Dunlop picks and these are great for playing live because you simply won't drop them.
These are a little "flubby", thick and soft, for my taste in guitar picks, but they mellow out the tinny sound of my mandolin beautifully. The textured grip surface is great.
I have tried other picks like this that had points which wen't as confortable. This one is more confortable and has great grip. If you drop your picks a lot then this is a great pick to try out.
These things are so great! I get sweaty hands when playing so the slick celluloid picks were wanting to slide in and I'd have to keep dryin off my fingers and adjusting the pick. With these I can play anything without having to worry about the pick goin anywhere. The .88 thickness is also ideal for just about any sort of music since you can chug some heavy riffs and go up and shred without any hiccups. Very nice. One thing yo note is they like to cling to each other, so if youre using one of those little pick holders when you pull one out they all want to come with it. but not that big a deal. Definitely recommend these if you're sick of picks slipping out of your hands!
these come in multiple thickness and are great because of the thickness and the grip that is on the pick. makes it much easier to hold the pick as your hands get sweaty
Picks are picks right? Select your material, select your weight, and you're done, right?No! these picks have this difficult to describe pattern molded into them... They &#34;grip&#34; your fingers... It's uncanny... They do not slip.I wouldn't touch anything but Fender mediums for years and years... Tried these on a whim... Not I have piles and piles of picks going unused... These are THAT good!
I pick a lot when I play the bass (fast, rock stuff) and these are perfect! They bend just the right amount so I don't make any loud plucking sounds while playing. They really grip too. Short of using superglue on your fingers, these definitely do what say they do!
I have been playing music for years and often I lose my picks during a performance.  I took a chance on these picks a few years ago and since then not one have slipped through my fingers!  Best pick ever!!!
I mostly play metal (7,6 string extended scale) and usually lean towards heavy duty picks such as Dava for riffs. But these picks are pretty amazing! The diamond-steel pattern creates a lot of grip and it is pretty hard to drop one of these, compared to a basic pick. This is a great product and would definitely recommend this to any level of player.
Not too hard, not too soft. My friend gave me this pick and i missed it after using .36mm. Everyone has their own preference and i just didn't like the feel of those. I bought this 12 pack and they... Are... AWESOME!! I lost like 3 already but hey, there's more. I use them for my electric and acoustic guitar.
I decided to try these because the &#34;normal&#34; picks I was using kept slipping out of my fingers. That was several months ago. I am still using these everyday. Pretty durable and reliable. I do recommend these.
I was expecting these to be like other dunlop picks I've had in the past, but these are rather cheap-feeling. Dislike.
I purchased several thicknesses for my son so he can test them all to determine which ones he liked best.  These 1.0 are not the ones he likes.  I would not get these again in this size.  A little too stiff.  The quality of the picks and grip are great and that is why I rated 4 stars.  The stiffness is just due to preference.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
I started using these a few years ago.  Picks always slip out of my fingers and this rougher surface really helps.
I've always been partial to .88 picks.  I used the standard dunlop nylon for years.  The max grip just is very difficult to drop, effortless to hold on to.  Because it's so effortless to hold, I can focus my attention on other things.
I use this pick for first time and it feels great and MAX GRIP for sure. Now I do not have to worry loosing pick and my mind while I'm leading and playing in worship. It feels little bit stiffer than regular .66mm nylon pick (I used to use this one) and I love feeling and sound when I play guitar!
I've used these for years....acoustic and electric. Very hard to beat. I like the feel and texture of these &#34;pics&#34;. They do the job brilliantly.
I normally use Dunlop&#8217;s 0.60mm nylon picks, but decided to give the 0.60mm Max-Grips a try, when the price dropped to $3.00 for a dozen.The top half of the Max-Grips have a special surface with tiny ridges, that gently bite into the skin to provide a nice secure grip.  The feeling is a little strange at first, but you should get used to it quickly.I like the feel and playability of the 0.60mm Max Grip&#8217;s, but they are little more flexible than I prefer, so if I were to get another set, I would get a thicker type, either0.73mmor0.88mm.
These picks do have a nice grip, but they deaden the sustain on the guitar considerably. They just aren't quite my cup of tea.
