Easily installed on my parlor guitar. The oval shape helps retain the strap and looks kewl. Installation is not rocket science.
These end pins are so simple and logical that I'm surprised it's taken the design process this long to get to this point. I used to use Schaller straplocks but they're not compatible with all straps. If the end leather/material is too thick, the lock won't fit. I enjoy the elliptical endpin design, as it helps me feel confident the strap will stay on, but I can easily remove the strap or use another on the guitar. I highly recommend you try this out if you're looking for a great way to keep your strap secured.
If you are looking to install a guitar strap button or just want to upgrade your existing button, these are great buttons to use.  It comes with two buttons, two washers and 4 screws (two different sizes).
Item came with two sets of screws, a long set and a shorter set. Looks good on my Yamaha acoustic guitar. Holds my strap well. I am happy I bought this.
I must first state for the record, I hate strap locks. Hate may be a bit shy of the mark, actually. I've never met a set I liked in any single way.  I've only ever dropped an instrument that HAD strap locks on it. In fact, EVERY instrument I've owned with strap locks has suffered a gravity attack caused by the very device intended to prevent such misfortune. Schaller type strap locks tend to come unscrewed- even with Locktite. When you install them, you are compressing the nut and washer against a compressible material (leather, nylon, etc), so it is never really tight. Plus there's only about two threads on the slim little nut, and if they aren't a really tight match to the other half, wear very quickly (especially since you have to tighten them so often). Duncan type often suffer from 'non-positive lock syndrome' if not regularly cleaned and lubed. Then there's the fact that unless all of your instruments are equipped with the same brand of lock buttons, your strap is only compatible with the ones which match. And then there is the the metal-on-metal clankyness. Yuck. Oh, and and the cost. Moving on.Why are these little Elliptical End Pins so brilliant? They are NOT strap locks. If you orient the widest points horizontally when you install them - as you should, then in order to put your strap on and take it off, you will need to turn the strap 90 degrees to the instrument. This isn't something you are likely to do inadvertently while reaching for your beer onstage. Sometimes the simplest design is the best design. And they're pretty, too.Downsides? I will say the screws supplied with these are pretty short, but then I would also argue there is no reason to not use the screws holding in the original strap buttons as long as they fit tightly. If they don't, using smaller or shorter screws is not the answer- especially considering if the screws cut new threads, you're pretty much- uh, screwed. The washers these come with are pretty small too, so I just used the screws and felt washers that came with the factory buttons. With a brand new strap, they can be a bit tricky to get on, but just as tricky to get off (which is good). That tight fit could cause some increased wear on the strap, especially if it is made from cheap materials. With older straps, just as with any traditional strap button, you need to develop a good habit of always checking the positive seat of the strap, but it is very easy to verify, and again much less likely to slip than a traditional button. Mechanical strap locks actually require just as much diligence to ensure they are still securely fastened and working properly. But with strap locks, if there's a problem, you'll have to grab some tools to fix it - or replace it entirely. Talk about a false sense of security. With PE's Elliptical End Pins, you just put the strap where it should be and you're set.If you are one who is taken to doing back-flips, or find yourself frequently using your strapped instrument like a hula-hoop onstage, then these probably won't save your precious instrument from the gravity goblin or inertia monkey's worst intentions. But if either of these antics are your norm, you might be better served by a permanently attached strap, or perhaps therapy.Since writing the review above, I've ordered several more sets to use on all of my basses. I'm done with traditional strap buttons and don't imagine ever going back to metal on metal strap locks.
These strap pins are fantastic. They securely hold the strap on your guitar very nicely. The oval shape is perfect. There is no need for proprietary or expensive "strap locks". They are easy to install. These elliptical pins are great. Terrific yet simple concept. They also look great! I highly recommend these to anyone who has a guitar. I will never use strap locks again after trying these. Great value.
I was looking for a strap locking designed button for my acoustic guitar. These work great and look sweet too. Their shape keeps your guitar securely in place, but is also easy to unhook when your ready. High quality product and very easy to install. Just what I wanted.
Brilliant solution to the strap button problem! The pointy end makes it quick and easy to get your strap over the button while the larger sized top will then hold the strap on so it won't slip off! Works as well as locking strap buttons did, for me.
I like these little guys. I'm not a big fan of strap locks and these provide more security than a traditional circular end pin at a great price.
