I'm impressed with these EXP16 guitar strings.* What I ExpectedA more dead sound than the non-coated strings they replaced. Coated strings usually lack the bright high-end brilliance that uncoated light strings have.* What I GotA very bright, yet not to twangy sound.  When I put Light strings on my acoustic, I'm going for easy playability and, most of all, a very bright and airy sound.  These deliver on both counts.* DurabilityThe coating on these strings are supposed to prolong the time between changes.  So far they are holding their tone and brightness.  I will report back after three months.  My last set started to sound dull, and exhibit more tone variation after six months (when viewed with a very sensitive tuner, it seems that my dirtier strings detune sharp a bit more on attack, the harder you strum them.  This is confirmed by the fact that they just sound out of tune to me when they get dirty).* ConclusionI will be ordering more of these.  I think they perform very well for the price. Love the bright light gauge sound and playability.
I've used D'Addario strings for many, many years without problems - both acoustic & electric.  I've tried these coated strings in the past, and I actually prefer them to Elixir because they feel more like regular strings - the wrap is coated, rather than a sheathe being placed over the entire string, like on Elixirs.Do they last longer?  Probably.  Even when I'm in situations where I'm gigging regularly I rarely change strings more than every few months, just because I don't see the need.  I think the main benefit to coated strings is if you have guitars that you can't play regularly the strings won't corrode.  But these sound great and feel fine, and the're the least expensive coated strings I've found.  I've always found D'Addario quality to be great.
But unless you are new to guitar, you know that. These strings are more expensive because they are supposed to last longer. Really, I can't tell that they do. Or that they don't. They sound great, and play great and I usually purchase D'Addario or Martin strings. Not sure if I would pay more for these in future, I play an average of daily to every other day depending on what gets in the way.  Change the strings every couple of months. Just me at home so no big deal, if I were performing I would go through them faster.I'm giving 5 stars because D'addario makes great strings. 'Nuff said.
Good strings, though in 1 use I didnt notice any significant improvement over the standard Diaddario phosphor bronze strings.
this are probably the best sounding guitar strings without breaking the bank.  I have made them last up to 2 months...still obtaining decent sound.
These are great strings. They are the right length and go on easy enough. They are color coded which helps a bunch in getting the right string in the right hole as long as you aren't color blind. They go on, sound bright, and keep that new string sound a bit longer than uncoated strings. Had a salesman tell me once about these coated strings that they last forever, you only have to change them every 3 months or so. I had to reply that forever just doesn't last as long as it used to. Changing strings is no fun so if over the lifetime of your guitar you have to do so 1/3 less, that is a good deal even if they don't last forever. That means more guitar playing and less guitar stringing which is a no brainer in my book. Worth the extra pesos.
I have been using the EXPs for some time now on electic-acoustics and they have become my go-to string.  I find the coating to be less noticeable than on El***rs and tonal variations to be less from string to string and set-to-set.  Highly recommended.
I've been using these strings for about eight years, and I also use them on my two Taylor's (814-CE & I use the mediums on my 710) I agree with the other reviewer in saying they are the best sounding coated string out there. I still use Martin strings once in awhile, but these strings last and improve in sound as they get a few hours of play on them.Actually I own three other acoustics other than my two Taylor's and right now they're all strung with EXP's. I know people want different sounds from their strings, but I find these to be bright with a great bottom on them, unlike the Elixirs which I find to be unbearably bright with a weak bottom end. These strings sound great with great dynamics on them. Even on my Laguna Grand Symphony (slightly larger than a Grand Concert) they pump out the lows and sparkle on the highs. These on my Grand Auditorium do the same thing, they produce the sound I demand and make a real positive improvement over the other coated strings I've used.The Mediums on my 710 have an endless bottom end and still have great range on the mid's and treble.As I said I still use Martin Phosphor Bronze strings once in awhile, but honestly these strings hold up extremely well and sound great. Darn near as near to an uncoated string that you're going to find.
These D'Addario "EXP16 Phosphor Bronze Light" strings for acoustic guitars produce decent sound and are designed to last longer than "normal" strings. We have two beginner guitar players in the house and we are very hard on strings, so these are a good choice for us.We are very pleased with the way they sound, feel, and last, so will likely pick up these again the next time we need to replace the strings.Recommended!CFH
Elixir coated strings were by far my favorite strings for my acoustic guitar. D'Addario has finally made a string that is comparable to and maybe a little tiny bit better than the Elixir's.These are very nice bright strings. The coating is incredibly subtle, almost impossible to feel on the strings. I like that. Compared to Elixir's these are a bit brighter, with good feel.Call me old school, I hate the packaging. These strings are packaged in three two string loops inside a single plastic bag. Ah, you know I'm just so used to strings that are individually looped. Two strings looped together makes a mess while I'm restringing a guitar - when I unwrap that pair, I've got a string that has to sit out unwrapped on the bench. The neat freak in me hates that. I also dislike that the strings are in one plastic bag. Yeah I get it; they are trying to be more environmentally responsible. But darn it, 6 paper envelopes? It feels to me like they are just trying to cheapen up the packaging materials, not some environmental cause. 100% post-consumer recycled paper adds very little to the environmental load.I know D'Addario loves the color coded ends. On my acoustic guitar that's irrelevant, the ends are hidden inside the guitar behind the pegs. On my electric guitars, I don't like the look at all. I prefer gold or silver rings at the end. If the strings are in individual labeled packages, there's no need for the colors.D'Addario loves the color coded end rings so much, they do a horrible job color coding and simplifying their packaging. I have yet to decode their colors or naming system.I normally use 10 gauge strings in my acoustic guitar. I tested these at 12 gauge and am surprised how much I like them. The slightly thicker string is not bad.Oddly these strings are priced almost the same as Elixir's. My reason for using the original D'Addario strings is low price - if somebody is doing gigs nightly, those uncoated strings are the only way to go. Strings end up being changed long before corrosion becomes an issue for the gigging musician. For the home enthusiast, coated strings make a ton of sense, they do last longer. I think they are worth the premium price. Now there are two choices for excellent coated strings.In the end, the packaging, the color coded end rings, the crazy package coding, and the double looped strings all mean nothing once the strings are on the guitar. What they sound like and play like is the most important thing. And in that regard these are excellent strings.
Play very mello. easy on my fingers too.  Can't come close to understanding the differences of all the different style strings but these work great on My Taylor acoustic
I am an acoustic guitar addict. With five six-string and one-twelve, I play every day and, in a year's time, I go through a lot of strings. Over the years, I have come to favor the phosphor-bronze type as they seem to add something to the rich and warm tones of a good instrument. For a long time, I believed that brands of them were interchangeable so I bought whatever was available at the best price. No more. These D'Addarios are the sweetest, easiest to play and, not that this is the most important variable to me - the longest lasting - of any of the phosphor bronze strings I have used.There is a shelf of unopened sets of unopened Martins, Gibsons, GHS, Adamas and Elixirs (as well as other varieties of D'Addario strings.) I think it's time to sell them off. These EXP16s are superior to them all.I have small hands and my fingers are not terribly strong. To play as well as I am able, I require strings that respond to my touch and do not tear my fingers up. Sound-wise, I look for a blend of 'brightness' and 'warmth' on my strings thst enrich and punctuate the innate qualities of a good guitar. These D'Addarios do both things and do them well.Other reviewers have been somewhat critical about the 'slickness' of these strings - I simple did not experience that at all. As with ALL guitar strings, they should be wiped with a dry, lint-free cloth after each and every playing. Not doing so will quickly compromise the accurate resonance and vibrations of ANY string. As a bonus, the price of these strings is quite reasonable. I bought 6 sets and plan to use them all, both Mediums and Lights, for my stringed friends.
The benefit of coated strings is, as the box says, longer life.  This is due to your natural finger oils not corroding the strings and sapping them of their natural "life", i.e. that brightness that new strings have.  The drawbacks to coated strings is that they can feel unnatural or slippery depending on the coating - they are also the latest rage in guitar strings and allow string manufacturers to charge more than basic commodity strings.So are these any good?  Yes, they feel great, not overly slippery or coated, and sound great, though they appear to have a more muted tone than some strings.  I'm excited to have them on my acoustic because as a mostly electric player I change my acoustic string less and am hoping that the coating will fight the grime that build on them and allow me to enjoy them longer.About gauge.  These light strings go from .012 to .053 as compared to my old Martin's which went from 0.012 to 0.054.In summary, D'addario makes good strings and these are no exception. If you're looking for coated acoustic strings with a muted (as opposed to aggresive) tone with lighter low E, then you should check these out.
I recently sent two of my Ovations back to the factory in Connecticut for re-work (I just plain wore them out), and they came back to me with these strings on them.  As soon as I took them out of their case and strummed them, I immediately called the factory and said "thanks for the fantastic job on these guitars, and by the way, these are the best sounding strings I've ever played, what exactly are they?"  I might experiment with the EXP15s, but by and large, these EXPs are my new strings.
I love this company. D'addario makes a grab product and it lasts a long time. Ever since I switched to this brand of strings, they seem to last longer and make a grab tone. I don't know if it's my guitar (Taylor 214CE) or the strings, but I can not get over how great the quality is even after months of use. I definitely recommend this product to anyone who plays the acoustic guitar.
I tried the EXPs on my Gibson L4 archtop because I play jazz single lines, small chord comping, and full chords more than I do on a Martin OM-1 and figured I'd get a better overall feel for tone and response.For years I've played Martin Phosphor Bronze mediums on both guitars and that's my reference: The D'Addario EXP lights show their difference mostly on the bass end where they're a good 7 mm thinner. The high E and B are 3 mm less and I can feel it but not enough to bother me. All things being equal I prefer heavier strings for tone but I play instruments I don't trust with truly heavy gauges.The first thing I noticed is considerably less "new string clang" compared to both the Martins and D'Addario's regular phosphur bronze strings which I've used in the past and still use for mandolin.While still a long way from sounding broken-in, the EXP strings sound as though they've had several days of good use. As a kid I perspired much more and would just rot strings like you wouldn't believe - on a humid summer day I could get rid of that clang in a hour.The tension on the EXP's feels very comfortable and considerably more flexible than the 7 mm difference should account for. I like to bend strings on acoustic in certain contexts, which can be tough with tight strings; the EXP's feel very easy - not electric guitar easy mind you, but fine for acoustic.The other quality that's noticeable is sustain. The strings I took off weren't completely dead and I wasn't expecting a dramatic difference, but it's noticable across the board, especially on small chord comping on three or four strings at a time.The tone also feels a bit more balanced across all six strings, but this is admittedly very subjective: I play with differently shaped and thicknessed picks for different recording contexts; some generate more percussive pick noise than others; sometimes I want it, other times no. The response of the EXPs sounds very consistent to my ears.I've had them on for a couple of weeks now, playing fairly regularly. Some of the initial clang is gone but the (desired) bright lively tone has not degraded noticeably.I suppose the real test of the EXP coating is how they sound beyond the point where other strings begin to sound dead. Maybe I'll update this review down the line, but for me, it's a false question because if the strings don't sound and feel good in the short term, who cares if they last forever!
I love these customs...inbetween the lights and mediums...you get the bright booming sound...nice bends and of course, the longer playing life...I've used these on my guitars that have alittle darker sound because of the wood used in them...to brigthen the sound a tad.  I would recommend these for cedar or mahagony body guitars in a blink of an eye.
These strings last a good long time and are rather inexpensive. the tone is clear and bright. I have used D'Addario for years
Personally I just love the D'Addario strings. They sute my needs just right for the Takamine acoustic. Great quality and price.
After playing for years with Elixir Nanoweb 80/20's, I decided to experiment with a few different coated strings. I tried the Elixir Nanoweb Phosphor Bronze, Dean Markley Alchemy Gold Phosphor (now discontinued) and these EXP16s. Ultimately, I preferred the Nanoweb Phosphor Bronze the best, but the EXP16 are cheaper and the difference didn't warrant the extra cost, so I decided to stick with these for now.  I wasn't a fan of the Alchemys because of their rough texture and high tension. The EXP16s are smooth and have a very playable tension, although not as smooth and easy as the Elixir 80/20's.  As far as longevity, these seem to last me about 2 months, which is on par with other coated strings I've tried, except for the Elixir 80/20's which average about 3 months. Uncoated strings last me about a month.Depending on the style of play, I prefer brighter or warmer strings, but I'd rank the EXP16s somewhere in the middle. It's a good balance for both strumming and fingerstyle. Even though they don't project as well as the Elixir 80/20s, they have a very agreeable tone without some of the harsh overtones. For live use with a pickup I'd be more inclined to use the Elixirs, but for unplugged or mic'ed use I like the tone of these.
Not sure if these are more on the brass side or the bronze? Not really to my liking compared to the phospher bronze. The EXPs are nice strings. They have a nice feel to them along with less string noise. And they last. My two acoustic  guitars, a Takamine Mini jumbo and a Gretsch jumbo, both made from mahogany are both nice sounding guitars. I figured i would try these 80/20 strings after using phospher bronze. Only real problem i noticed is the 80/20s seem brighter and they ring longer. I prefer the warmer tone. And since my guitars have alot of "boom" already, i dont need the extra ring to complicate the sound with overtones when strumming fast. I imagine these strings may work in some instances, but i am going back to the phospher bronze for my guitars.
I like Elixir.  I had to try this one because of another friend said it's ok and cheaper.I tried it and the quality is low end.The sound is not as crisp.The gauge is too heavy for my fingers (not their problem)All 6 strings are wrapped inside one single bag.I'd go back to Elixir next time.
We have an old acoustic around the house, but I rarely play it, opting instead for the electric. This is going to be hard to believe, but the strings on the acoustic were last changed more than two decades ago.When we put these new strings on the guitar (Lotus), the sound, as you might imagine, was incredible--bright and clear.These are fairly pricey, but I am very impressed with the quality.
good deep tone for my acoustic guitars. easily stretched and tuned with no problems. You can not go wrong with D'Addario strings.
D'Addario guitar strings are favourite strings.  They last a little longer and always sound good on my Ovation guitars and also or my other acoustic guitars.  I usually buy them for and recommend them to others also.  You can not go very wrong with these strings if you play often.  You will notice a longer life and your guitar will certainly remained tuned.
There are two ways guitar strings go bad. If you leave them on long enough, the steel cores and bronze windings will actually corrode- but that takes months, if not more. Before that happens, grease from your fingers, dust, bits of skin, and other detritus from the environment gets into the strings, between the windings. This interferes with the free vibration of the strings and deadens the sound. Back when strings were a lot more expensive, some guys used to take their strings off the guitar and regularly clean or even boil them; some bass players still do. Coated strings are a simpler alternative.These strings and similar ones like Elixirs have a thin polytetrafluoroethylene coating bonded to the wrappings, which accomplishes two things: First, it creates a barrier between the atmosphere and the metal wrap, which prevents rust and corrosion. Second, it provides a physical barrier that prevents contamination from getting in between the windings. The strings stay fresher sounding two or three times as long as standard strings. They do sound just a bit less bright than the equivalent uncoated strings, but it's not a huge difference, and after a month or two they still sound the same.They also cost about twice as much as equivalent non-coated D'Addarios. Are they worth it? That depends. If you're an active performer, maybe. You're probably changing strings for every performance to make sure you're getting a bright sound. You're probably also buying your strings by the box. There's no real benefit to these strings. Where they really pay off is for the casual player who may not have a few dozen spare sets handy. These days I'm strictly a hobbyist who might play publicly once or twice a year. I have four acoustic guitars, and some of them may go go for a month or more without being played. With coated strings, I can leave a set on a guitar, and a month or two later I can pull it out of the case and it's ready to play. I still change strings if I'm going to be playing in public, but for guitars that spend most of the time sitting around the house, these are great.
These strings are the bomb!  I have used D'Addario's since my earliest playing days.  Over the years I have experimented with several different brands and eventually found myself at home with Elixir Polyweb lights.  After having the frets on my guitar (a Fender grand concert) redressed I noticed it had been restrung with EXP's (which I used eight years ago and loved). Since they were on the guitar, I decided to give them another try.  I am glad I did, the tone is great.  They speak with a natural, bright and lively voice that is sweet to the ears. EXP's make my guitar sound like it should. Individual notes speak with warmth, definition and depth.  They blend together beautifully when paying chords.  They have more punch to them than Elixir's do and the coating doesn't fray after a year like Elixirs either. D'Addario EXP'16s are probably the most musical strings I have ever used.  They respond well to dynamics and the bass response is excellent when finger picking.  I was able to get eight months out of them before I noticed deterioration in tone.  I think I have found my strings and I don't see myself using anything else for a while.
While I love and trust D'Addario strings, i am subtracting one star because, I really like the packaging for other strings when they have individual packets.  For my acoustics, I do not always change out all the strings at once.  I think the bass strings get changed more when they start falling off on sound.Anyway, these are classic strings that I grew up with, but as I get more involved with playing, having the flexibility of individual envelopes for each string becomes more an d more appreciated.  Especially if you like to save your single strings for use.
D'addario is a company I've been using since I first started playing guitar and these strings live up to their title. They DO have a warm, bright and balanced tone and they last 3-6 months for me even after playing hours a day. For people who finger style on the acoustic, it is very comfortable on your fingertips. These strings can produce very good sound with little effort, I almost always use light/light medium picks with these strings and it can get to the volume I want.
I had for years been using Elixir Strings on myWashburn D10simply because I was accustomed to them and saw no sense in making a switch. I'm glad I tried out these D'Addario strings. These strings are an excellent complement to my Washburn, which has mellowed out over the years. They are a fair bit cheaper but has a tonal quality that rivals that of the Elixir strings. I can't speak to the manufacturers claim of "4 times more life," but as of now, I'd have to say these strings are a fantastic value for your money. Highly recommended.
I like them, but these strings are probably not for everyone. The EXP16s do provide a crisp, bright sound almost leaning towards metallic. This tone is actually refreshing on my old shallow-bodied Ovation. However, I have to imagine that on a dreadnought or jumbo this sound might be quite different.While I was not expecting it, my favorite aspect of the EXP16s is the playability. The play is a little more elastic than I thought it would be, and they are amazingly easy on the fingers.The only downside that I experienced with the EXP16s is the fact that, while giving once on the guitar, they are a little brittle off the guitar (I almost snapped my E getting it set up). Other than that, the strings are just a little squeaky. I personally like a little squeak, but at the current price point, I don't think that it would be a deal breaker even for those who don't.
I've been playing guitar for years and personally I would prefer Cleartone or Elixir strings. I bought these for my little sister and she loves them. They have a really nice sound to them. I feel like you could probably get some pretty equivalent strings for less money but my sister is very happy with these.
I've long been partial to D'Addario strings--I don't have a guitar without them. These phosphor bronze models have found a home on my Epiphone flat-top.  As the package says, they're warm and bright--leaning just a little toward the brassy side.  They project without sounding harsh or tinny.  Playing feel is fairly smooth for round-wound strings and they last for ages.  This is a good intermediate gauge: light enough for lead work, but substantial enough to provide good backing.Guitarists tend to stay loyal to a maker and model of string.  My loyalty is certainly not shaken.  For any guitarist on another string whose loyalty might be wavering, these will reward an audition.
doesn't last as long or sound as bright as Elixirs but these are half the price. Good bargain though for $6.99.sounds all right to me, bright and well balanced sound.My little brother can't tell the difference since he's new, but it works well on his guitar.
I like D'Addario strings, but these did not impress me. They are not worth the extra cost, in my opinion.
I've been playing guitar for more than 20 years. I've played 6 strings, 12 strings, bass acoustics and electrics. When it comes to acoustic sound, these strings produce the brightest, clearest sound of any string I've ever used. Some strings have a "bright" sound and some have a clear, distinct tone - not muted or dull. Still, other strings have a rich, full resonance that carries through a room. This is the only string I've ever used that has all of those qualities. In fact, the first time I put these on my acoustic and went to lead worship at my church, several of the church members commented that my guitar sounded "better than usual" or "really good" that day. I've tried some other brands since I found these and always end up coming back to them.
These strings last and they moderated some of the booming I get from other strings. I use the  EXP Phosphor bronze on my other dreads.
These strings sound great. I Love the sustained bright tone. They work well with my cedar top guitar.  Easy on the fingers too.
i've used many brand for my guitars for years. this one is very good, long lasting guitar strings. balanced tone as it says on the box and special coating system makes strings last longer than non-coated ones from lusting. easy to install and use, and very reasonable price. thanks amazon for this product sale.
not worth the price or matched the hype that you hear and read about. GHS strings are much cheaper and much better strings than these. I think they lasted a week on my guitar until I could get some more GHS or Slinky Acoustics on it.
These guitar strings sound about the same after a month of playing as they do right after I change them. I use to get a real kick out of changing strings because the new strings sounded so much different and better, but now the thrill is gone because these strings sound good for a couple of months although I change once a month anyway. I don't notice much difference at all though.But the best part is that these strings are over $17 bucks a set at my local music store and I get 'em for about $9.48 through Amazon's subscription service delivered to my mailbox every month with free shipping! Beat that!
One doesn't get much better than D'Addario strings.  In my opinion they're twice as clear as Martin strings and the EXPs just last forever.  I like the standard Phosphor Bronze just as well and use those as a less-expensive alternative.I certainly recommend D'Addario nylon strings on classical guitars.  I've heard no other string that has the crisp, clean, rich sound of this brand of strings.  I've used them for years and once in a while give in to the temptation to try another brand... but always come back to this one.Different diameter strings will sound significantly different, depending on the guitar you use.  I prefer this mid-range string set for overall depth of sound and mellow beauty of tone.  Any lighter and the guitar sounds "tinny", any heavier and I fear strings putting undue stress on the neck.  These are "just right".
Okay mine has just arrived.. So first of all I want to say packaging is great!!..I have just put it on my guitar and I have to say that I am impressed!!... the sound is so warm and bright. I have a nanoweb before, and so far the EXP16 is better...  I will stay on with the EXP16 right now!!..Great quality string...
I did not care for the tone or feel. Took them off within an hour and put back on EJ16. They had a rough feel and were stiff. Lots of folks like them but not for me.
