This tuner requies an excellent ear although there is a green light o indicte a true tune.It is good deal for the money
It's about the size of a credit card, and half as thick as a deck of cards.  It's fairly light and the plastic feels a bit cheap but it does the job it's supposed to do.  You can either play the notes to the built in mic or connect it directly via a guitar cable.  It has a switch to change between Bass and Guitar, and it accounts for the extra strings on 5 string basses or 7 string guitars.It also has a button to tune it down lower (5 half steps) so you can do some alternate tunings too.Lastly it has a button for &#34;Sound&#34; so that it produces a tone for you to tune something to manually.  The display is very fine and kinda hard to read, but it has lights above the LCD screen to show if it's flat, in tune or sharp, so you can focus on that if you have trouble.It comes with 2 AAA batteries.  I have no idea how long they'll last yet but I have some rechargeable batteries for use in it later.
This product was recommended to me by one of the books I am reading, and I must admit I was scared to death when I opened the package. My guitar has a built in tuner, so I found my room mate's guitar that was totally out of tune and just began tuning. I remembered &#34;Eddie Ate Dynamite Good Bye Eddie&#34; and just tuned away. It was easy, easy, easy and I realized what to do within mere moments. Money very well spent and highly recommended. I have an acoustic/ electric and it has multiple settings. I found what I was comfortable with, and just tuned to standard. Could not be any happier! Get this product!!!
I've had one of these for several years and it has proven to be cheap, durable, and reasonably accurate.  I own several different tuners and what I like about this one is that the microphone works well and is accurate for tuning an acoustic guitar.  Batteries last a long time if you turn the tuner off after you use it.  At ten dollars, I think it's a no-brainer.  It's the perfect size and price to throw one in every gig bag you own.
Purchased this Korg Guitar and Bass Tuner for our son who uses it to tune his acoustic and electric guitar. He says its easy to use and is durable. It has LED lights to follow as well as a meter to use. Excellent product...highly recommend.
I got this for Christmas last year ,as a beginner learning guitar ,this is a must have , works really good had mine for a year and it is still working and hadn't had to replace the battery's yet,, and I tune my guitar every time I play,  well worth it,, its so easy to use,
In the beginning I had problems.  However I have a Classical Guitar and I may have been hitting dual strings accidently at first.  After several days, I felt much better about it.  I'm pretty new to this so I take the blame.
Korg GA1 Guitar and Bass Tuner is a very good and helpful tool to any guitar player.Buy it, you will never regret.
Unless you tune to only standard tunings this thing is garbage! I tune my hellraiser to d then drop to c and it will not register. the needle either flops around constantly or just does not display the proper notes.
I just recently started up learning guitar.This tuner has already paid for itself in checking that my guitar is in tune,great device!!!
I use it every day at work, I use it in my guitar classes.. Easy to use and perfect size...
Cheap, Accurate over mic, even better over jack. Slot for your pick or coin is a joke and so far hasn't fit a pick or coin i stuck in it but that's just a dumb gimmick. Great pocket tuner.
Well, i just got started playing guitar, and needed a tuner. This thing works well so far, but i didn't have the proper 1/4 inch connector yet to hook my guitar straight into the tuner, which i think would have made it work better. So i used the built-in microphone to tune my guitar. Had no problem with the first through fourth strings, but it had a very hard time picking up the much lower fifth and sixth strings. However, i found that the other strings were very well tuned when all was said and done, and i am happy with my purchase.
I don't know much about guitar tuners, but I am sure you can pay for a more expensive one, but this one does the job.  It was not hard to figure out how to use it, and the Fender is a happier guitar for it.
One of the best & accurate tuners that I have ever used. I have been playing guitar for 45 years & at this size & accuracy, you cannot beat this handy tuner. Fits in most guitar cases & is lightweight. A good tool to have for a guitar players bag of tricks.
Wow! This tuner is currently the absolute best value in my home studio. It gets used daily! If you know anybody who has even the slightest use for this, get it! They won't be disappointed unless they tune below drop D.
I saw this tuner in the local music store for $30 and decided to order it here for $11. Within 5 minutes I had my guitar tuned and it sounds perfect. I compared the plug in tuning to the microphone tuning and it was identical! I honestly expected some variance but it was dead on. I have never heard my guitar sound so good. I am super impressed with this little thing. If ever I need another one, this is the only one I will get.
