Excellent Product, it is well cushioned. I'm a typical overweight American. Great Sale Price!(Lucky Timing) All Black and fully Assembled! Doesn't get any easier than that... (Batman)
I bought this bench on an Amazon Warehouse Deal so that I could get it on Prime delivery and was not disappointed at all. The bench is very sturdy and comfortable - the cushioning is thick and soft. The item arrives flat packed and can be adjusted to the correct seating height in seconds. This bench is just what I was looking for and I'm sure it will serve its purpose for many years.
I actually like this bench a lot. It fits into my gear back (rolling duffle style) that contains my cables / power strips etc., with only the folded legs sticking out of the bag. I have the KT7800, which is much larger seat area, and easier to adjust. Depends on your preference I suppose, this one is smaller / lighter, the other is larger / easier to adjust.
The Keyboard Bench is lower than I anticipated.  The seat is very soft and comfortable.  However, it doesn't appear to hold anyone with excess weight.
It has a comfortable seat and seems stable and well-made.  However, if you need to haul it around frequently, it takes a bit of time to set up and screw down or open up the screws that hold the moving stability bar on the bottom of the seat. Also, if you need to adjust the height, you have to remove the entire bolt assembly seen at the crossing point of the bars, and then select one of three holes that are only an inch or some apart from each other.  So, not much selection there.
For me, I can click this in so it is a nearly perfect height. The padding is great, it is lightweight without feeling cheep.
I bought this for my daughter who plays the keyboard. It was already assembled right out of the box, and seems well padded and sturdy. My daughter likes it. I like the price because of the special deal from Amazon.
This assembled in just a couple of minutes without the need to refer to the instructions. The bench is comfortably padded and very affordable.
It isn't top of the line but it gets the job done. I wouldn't abuse of the chair too much though, the material looks a little floosy.
I'm a heavier fellow (5'11, 220) and some of the harder benches I've tried were a tad uncomfortable for long sessions. This one, on the other hand, is very comfortable and has plenty of padding and support. It folds up easily and looks to be very well made. 5 stars, no complaints, and much nicer than a lot of the more expensive options.
The price is a great selling point, just by itself.  I use it with my acoustic guitar and the On Stage FS7850B Guitar Foot Rest that I bought off Amazon as well.  It's a good combo.  It leads me to playing for longer periods.  It's solidly constructed.  It folds and is definitely portable.  Great buy.
