A very boring, dull, uninspiring Pedal. Don't waste your time with this. A Boss SD-1 or Digitech Bad Monkey are far better options for this price range.
I just received this a day ago and bought it on whim after being very impressed with the Joyo Crunch Pedal.  This is (I think) based on a very expensive sweet honey drive pedal.  It's supposed to be very reactive to your playing.  Dig in and it puts out distortion, play soft and it cleans up.  This is much more noticeable the cleaner you run your amp.  I can say it's pretty reactive and feels like a very responsive tube screamer.  I've heard some say they find the distortion from this pedal a little harsh but I find is wonderfully smooth with some grit.  I found it really warmed up my sound in a good way.  I'm playing an american strat with noisless Dimarzio Area pickups through a Vox AC15 and it's an awesome combo.  I put this pedal in front of my OCD and I was really getting some sweet tones.  If I had to play out with just my amp and one pedal for a little dirt this might win over my OCD.  It's expensive for a Joyo but cheap for a really good OD stomp.  It's definitely not for metal or heavier distortion stuff but it's got plenty on tap for blues and classic rock.  So far I've been super pleased by Joyo pedals.  The jury is still out on how well they hold but but they sure sound and perform pretty darn well.
this is a solid overdrive but not really very different than a bunch of other joyo overdrive pedals out there.  I have a bunch of these pedals and they are starting to blend together.  Definitely would not consider this a low gain overdrive as advertised.  Lots more gain on tap than a low gain pedalLike many other reviewers, my gripe with the new pedals is the switch. may hold up but these new pedals seem so much less solid than the prior generation
This is my 6th Joyo pedal and like the others, it does not dissapoint.  I think these and the Dano Cool Cat line are some of the best bang for your buck in pedals these days.  Like many have mentioned, this pedal is like a TS but without the mid-hump.  This pedal is really about getting touch sensitive low gain responsiveness and texture.  When you run it into a cleanish tube amp and you dig it, it breaks up.  When you play lightly, it gets cleaner- which is why it is so similar to the $200 Sweet Honey pedal (the controls are also identical but I haven't compared the internals).  That touch sensitivity is lost IMHO if you stack this with another dirt box or if you are running it into an amp that is already raging with gain.  When you do that, it acts more like a traditional OD would- which is totally cool, but you are losing the touch sensitivity thing that sets this pedal apart.  If I could only bring one dirt box to the gig it would probably be something more mid-gain (like the Joyo Ultimate Drive or the Dano Transparent OD)  but if you are in the market for a sweet honey pedal and don't have that kind of bankroll, you should definately check this out-Edit:  Having owned this pedal for a while, I realize I was incorrect in saying you lose touch sensitivity running into another dirtbox.  This pedal actually plays well with mid-gain types of overdrives like the Joyo Ultimate Drive, the OCD, or the Dano Drive.  When you dig in, you CAN get more breakup so long as the other overdrive isn't dimed.  This pedal has become an essential, 'always on' pedal for me !
This is my favorite pedal...and I have a ton. Lots of high end pedal and this a cheap (only in price) pedal! Great bluesy tones....sweet and warm when the drive is down...mean and nasty when the drive is cranked up. Like a cranked tube amp. If you play the blues...this is your pedal. I'm sold. I've purchased several JoYo pedals and all of them are built extremely well and perform as good as if not better than top name pedals.
I've owned more than one overdrive pedal in my 30 years of playing guitar and the only one I still have on my pedal board is the Boss Super Overdrive...Sweet Baby is well on the way of living up to that legend as well. I have nothing but high praise for this amazing pedal. It really does react to your playing style. Unlike other overdrive pedals I've used this one really gets smooth when you back off of your string attack and starts to growl the harder you dig in. As far as the pedal goes it is pretty much the same as a lot of them...instead of a tone knob they call it "focus", there is also a volume and drive knob. The sounds I can get out of the Sweet Baby are some of the best I've ever used and easy to dial in. I own a lot of pedals but lately I keep my chain setup real simple...the guitar goes into a EHX-Crying Tone wah pedal, then the Sweet Baby, then a Boss Super Overdrive (used as a lead solo gain boost... I don't use Distortion pedals.), next is an MXR Micro Chorus followed by an MXR Carbon Copy Analog Delay. The whole chain goes into the 2nd channel of my Fender Deluxe Reverb amp. I use the foot switch that came with amp to turn on the tremolo when needed... I play mostly Blues and Classic Rock. The Sweet Baby is well made and I don't see it failing me anytime soon. You can spend hundreds more on name brand pedals but what works for me at the end of the day is alive and well in this "clone" overdrive tone blender...Update: this pedal has since been returned. It went out with me on a few gigs and didn't hold up to life on the road. The connections inside the box came loose and became a major problem before a few gigs...I have since put my Boss Super Overdrive back in the chain...while I truly loved the tone from this product in the end you get what you pay for.
If you don't like too much dirt in your tone, this might be the pedal for you.The Sweet Baby is a low gain overdrive pedal that is also on the bright side tonally.If you have a fairly clean single channel amp, it won't give you the full crunch or theextra sustain specially at low bedroom levels.  However, if you set your tube amp towhere it just starts to break up or is already cooking, step on this pedal and you'll be rewarded. If you like the sound of the dirt channel on your amp, set the gain low and boost it with this pedal. The notes ring clear with the extra bite, and brightness to cut thru the mix.......sweet! You can use it like a Tubescreamer although the Sweet Baby doesn't color your sound.  (No mid-hump)I use it to boost my Barber Direct Drive, OCD and the dirt channel on my amp.The pedal is housed in a metal casing and looks well made.  It's not noisy even when you stack it with other overdrives.  Instead of a tone knob, it has a "focus knob" which controls your picking dynamics and presence.  All the way to the left, the sound is smooth with a tone that sounds like you turned off the presence control on your amp.  All the way to the right, when you pick the strings hard, it gives you that bite as well as the brighter presence.  The pedal is very transparent, smooth and touch sensitive and cleans up well.You can't get a bad sound because there is not a lot of knobs to mess with.This pedal basically takes the sound of your amp, adds a little gain with very little compression and gives you picking control.  I just wish it had more gain so you can go from blues to hard driving rock with a twist of a knob.  At a fraction of the cost of the boutique pedal it was patterned after, it's a no brainer.
I bought this based on video reviews on the net.  My first impressions:To my ears, if the OCD / Ultimate OD simulates "fat" power tube distortion, this pedal simulates a lightly distorted tube pre-amp, with a bit of edge, sharpness, the kind of edge the tube amps have.  The focus knob seems like a tone knob, maybe more in the upper mids than the treble, but it does the job well.I wish it had a bit more gain.  Surprisingly, this pedal with the gain on 10 and the tone on 10, gives me a great metal tone all by itself!  If i boost the pedal with say a few db of clean boost, it gets me exactly where I'd want to be (a dry, tight metal tone, kinda 5150ish.  And while this isn't the purpose of the pedal, it is how I've ended up using it just because it sounds better than any amp sim and produces less heat than my tube amps.  It's tight, its raw, there is no fizz and no boomyness, just a healthy low end.  Crank the knobs on this thing to 10 and you have a very aggressive, tight tone that makes even my Marshall Class 5 tight and grindy enough for Scandinavian style metal.Over all though, this is great for lightly distorted / edge of distorted sounds.  It gave my clean tone a sharper, more "amp like" tone (that is, midscooped slightly with the tone knob in the middle.) I think this would be great for Hendrix covers on his cleaner stuff, it just has that chimey, vintage amp character (very early marshalls, older fenders) with the ability to go from clean to dirty with simple attack variation.  If your clean channel is overly "flat", this will liven it up to more "sharp", scooped tone, which to my ears sounds more vintage.Basically, from Hendrix to modern de-tuned metal (with a definite mids emphasis - not "80s marshall mids" but  modern mids emphasis).
Wow.  I have been impressed with a lot of Joyo's products, but their Sweet Baby Overdrive was one that came highly recommended, and hasn't disappointed.  I held off a little bit until the price came down, but the truth is that this thing is worth every penny it's sold for, and then some.As the description says, this is a "mild overdrive".  It won't give you the "Brown Sound".  It's not meant for metal.  It's almost like adding a tube-amp "gain" knob to your existing rig, add subtle yet dynamic saturation and sustain to an otherwise clean tone.  Chords and notes blend together beautifully without crunching up or fizzing out.  Unlike many "tube" overdrive pedals, this thing has tons of volume on tap.  You can set the "Drive" to 0 and still have a nice loud clean boost.  Turn up the drive and it can do blues and rock.  But I think of it more as an enhancement to your clean tone, as opposed to an "effect" that transforms it.  In that respect, it actually reminds me of the BOSS OD-3 Overdrive, which is a vastly underrated pedal (though the OD-3 probably offers more gain).The Focus knob is interesting - it doesn't act exactly like a tone knob.  As you turn it up, it doesn't remove bass, but changes the gain structure a little and opens up the tone.  The lower settings are bluesy - the higher settings are bright and dynamic.  But chances are, both will sound good.There are some concerns you could have about the build quality - the switch may not be built to last 20 years, and having to remove 4 screws to get to the 9V jack is annoying.  I also wish they'd put the 9V adapter jack on top instead of the side.  But those are mostly minor gripes.  It's an excellent overdrive and an incredible value.
