It works really well and it's really thin. It's thinner than i thought. The price it's about right. I needed only 3 of these but since if you buy one at the time is more expensive than to buy the box i got this.
These are really great bang for the buck, however, like many people said, they do not work well for all my pedals, round ends don't fit in everything.I mean these are cables..
compact heads allow more pedals to be loaded onto your overpriced pedal board.  the quality is good. I like how they are easy to take apart and modify and put together again.  very handy for making it all just right.  I will buy these again for sure.
Hosa, has good cables. I use them between my guitar effects pedals and then a 5 footer from effects to the amp. Had them over two months a they work great.
Defiantly a space saver. I can put all of my effects side to side ad hook em up with these patch cables. It's very convenient that they are angled like so, for low profile fits. My only complaint is that they easily fall out of the socket if you jostle them too much.
These are very good quality in spite of their reasonable price. I love the flat, low profile, right angle plugs. My only complaint is I needed some in varying lengths (like 15&#34;) and so I had to order the Planet waves kit to make my own to finish the pedalboard.
I've never had a problem with these patch cables. I'm running 6 pedals and no issues like crackling or cutting out.One thing that is important to note is that I'm not hard on my gear. I'm a home noodler, so I can't say if these patches can take road/stage abuse and lots of setup/tear-down cycles. They seem pretty buff and capable, but I can only report what I've experienced.
These are sturdy, just the right length, and the design means that you can save space in arranging your effects pedals, with enough length and flexibility to arrange them in a semicircle if, like me, you have a lot of pedals.
all 12 of mine broke within a year and the jacks got bent pretty easily. so I switched back to the plastic ones which have lasted me over 2 yearsHosa CFS606 6 Inch Right Angle FX Pedal Cable, 6 Packand they are still going strong.
I use these patch cables on my pedal board and they save valuable space. They work well and I haven't had any problems with any of them shorting out or making static or other noises. I highly recommend them. Plus, they look nice, unlike the various colors that come with the bulkier, cheaper 1' cords.
These are thin. They allow getting your pedals very close to each other, and let you optimize your pedal board space. I had other cables on my pedal boards. I replaced everything with those.
Going to these from what I was using, I can fit 2 more pedals on my pedalboard, so mission accomplished!
I love these patch cables.  They can be serviced if need be, but mine have never needed it.  I've ordered about 3 batches of these guys and I would order them again in the instance that my already excessive pedalboard where to become more complex.  The length of the cable presents limitations that should be expected, and the bulb on the ends may be an issue in tight squeezes.  However there are many cables of much lesser value, which are unserviceable in the event of a breakdown.
Simple. Solid. Compact. Convenient. Audio quality is unchanged from my no name metal patch cables. For the money, you can't beat a six pack of these to open up some extra space on your board and clean it up a bit.
Once you setup your pedalboard... that's it, you aren't going to move, stretch, or step on these cables...so the fact that they are lighter weight is really not an issue.  They do however allow you to make the most use of the space on yourpedalboard... packing your pedals side by side without staggering like larger heavier cables require.
Just be aware that the ends are so big that some vertical input boxes, like my Danelectro Fish and Chips, can't be used with these cables because the input and output are too close together.
I've had it for almost 3 years now.. not a single problem! I've changed my setup like crazy, sometimes even the cables had to be twisted in some certain position on a pedalboard. Been bent on the edge of the cable right before the connector, been pulled (normal way) and stomped, never a single cut offs on the connection.Don't worry too much about cables like a sissy bedroom princess guitarists, you're using od/distortion pedals anyway right? If you're a purist, don't ever use a pedals or even electric guitar. Good luck!
They have good ends, they do feel a little flimsy on the cord side of things. They have good signal though and don't seem to alter the tone. I have them all on my pedalboard now so time will tell if they hold up or not.
