run this into my laptop from a behringer 1202fx mixer. windows 7 didnt need to install any drivers,it was plug n play. reaper picks it up immediately, just arm the track, set level and record. I will offer thistid bit of information because i had the problem where very little signal from the mixer and uca 222 into reaperhad the track peaking out and distorting. I found that others had the same issue. I had to right click on the volumespeaker in the bottom right on the task bar of my computer, click "recording devices", select my uca222 (not internal microphone) from the list,click "properties" at the bottom of the Sound window, select the "levels" tab and reduce the level to around 2 or 3 to have an equal volume from themixer into windows 7 and Reaper. Until i did that, every signal into Reaper was too hot and would distort even if the mixer output was set to next to nothing.I tried everything in reaper to resolve the issue until i finally did a search for others having the same problem.So far the behringer uca 222 is working great. and signal is clean.
This interface is alright, nothing special, its for a guy on a budget. You can use it to record your old tapes or records and it will go straight through the interface to your computer via USB. There is pretty much little to no latency and it isn't noticeable. I plan on buying a tascam interface soon for around $70.00 and that should make things better for me. I will still use this to record anything on TV or like I said, old tapes. The software bundle is pretty much free, as you can find everything on the internet, they just bundled it together for you, which is nice.
i only bought with the idea that a "FULL" version of behringer's sequence program came with it....needless to says its a "compact version" and for you OTHER iMac/OS X Users out there????----aint worth yer timeyer better off spending your money on Vst's Au's that will WORK with OSX and Cubase or garageband....other than that its another interface "i guess" as long as you want to use RCA plugs to do that with...who the !$%^ uses RCA to interface there analog instruments to their puter????based on the software hustle im sorta sour but if yer a PC/Windows owner I would GET IT!!!!its about the cheapest way to "intro" yer way in to DAW/DAT interface..... Mainly im talkning to Katz who ownnewer Macs/iMacs who are truying to muddle your way thru music digital interface and Keyboard sequencingfor THOSE users yer better off buying a pizza probably...
Pros:- Price point- Does the job in the descriptionCons:- Shielding of USB cable is abysmal; very susceptible to interference (could work if there is minimal circuitry around where you use it)- Cheap plastic construction
This device is a converter that works with RCA inputs and outputs.  The Input seems to be geared for the -10DB range for consumer level audio range.  This box also has the ability to monitor the input directly with headphones.
I'll be brief and to the point here:+ Works as an audio interface for a line level signal. I used this with my Samson mixer.+ Is compact and the USB cable itself is long enough.+ The red color looks nice.+ Has a headphone out with volume control+ Plug and play. No extra drivers needed. I use ASIO anyways.+ Cheap. There's NO audio interface this affordable.+ Latency fairly low. Not bad.- Plastic body- RCA connectors. Not a big deal but wouldve been perfect if it had dual plugs or phono(1/4 inch).- 44.1 khz and 16 bit sampling. Should have been 24 bit and maybe 96khz. Even my DigiTech RP255 has a built in 24bit audio interface.
I previously had the UCA-202 and it worked great for me for a couple of years but I noticed the audio went dead in one of the RCA phono input jacks (I had used those jacks previously with no issues). Regardless, I liked the UCA-202 so much that I got the UCA222 to replace it without hesitation, plus as a bonus, it's purdier! :)  Plugged it in just now, fired up the PC, the new UCA222 started working immediately...no muss, no fuss!  For the money, I don't think you can find a better deal for enhancing your PC's audio versatility.  I don't know if I'll even bother with the included software as I use a great program called Mixcraft (btw, check that out if you're looking for PC recording simplicity but sounds impressive as the other, costlier guys). Anyway, two thumbs way up for the UCA222!
I own three of these units (one Red 222 and two Grey 202)and use them to output midi sounds from my laptops internal sound moduals to a pro PA system (mostly Mackie gear) for live performance and occasionally to add sounds to recordings in my 24 track home studio. This unit is quiet and very handy. The price is dead cheap. I have two other similar units (a Lexicon Alpha and the smaller Lexicon Omega boxes)that cost much more. Yes my Lexicon boxes provide a lot of different inputs and outputs and are very nice but if all you need is a very portable basic input/output sound card that is very quiet and easy to install (just plug it), you should buy this box.Some of the reviews talk about it being "cheap" plastic. Yes it is plastic (so are many other more expensive units) but I have been throwing these boxes in with my other equipment and have yet to break one of them or have any problems. I will also admit that while I don't abuse my equipment on purpose, I am not that gentle either and have dropped these several times with no damage.The software that comes with the 222 package is good, but in my case I really didn't need it. I have Sonor/Cakewalk software and Abobe Audition but I would like to take a moment and say something about the included Audacity. One reviewer wrote that it is a "very low,low.low" quality software. That couldn't be further from the truth. I have used this software for years in my studio and it is very high quality software. It can work in both 16 and 24 bit processing, and input and output almost every type of audio format (.wav, MP3, etc.). It also has a ton of very nice free downloads (compressors, EQ's, sonic enhancers etc.)from the Audacity web site. Audacity started life as a shareware but was purchased by Sound Forge who was in turn bought by Sony. This is high quality studio software that you can still download and use for free and it's not a trial software that will expire in 30 days or block out important features. I would add that to really make it work well you need to use the preferences section to set it up to the higher quality settings that are available. As I remember the defaults are set at mid level quality so the average home user can use it without taxing their computer resources.The bottom line is that both Behringer units (202 and 222) both work great and I can't hear or see any difference in them other than the color and the added software included with the 222 package. For such a low price you can't go wrong.
Ay yo homie this interface be off the hook you know i be all interfacin and stuff you feel. thx behringer.
