behringer perfect pedalboardI can play with my musical band as a real professional with this pedalboard pb1000 from costa rica I recommend it....thanks behringer
I bought this so I had no mess with cables on the board and I'm happy to say it works perfectly. It has everything you could ask for on a PedalBoard and not only works with Behringer, I have Suhr, Boss, Fender, Marshall, Dunlop and TC pedals and they fit very well. It comes with cables and configuration diagram ideas, not to mention it's a great advantage for taking it on the road without having to dissemble everything. Now my gear is always ready.
Our son loves this pedal board as it comes with a cover to use for transportation, and plenty of connection cords. He has his now fully loaded with pedals he routinely uses. It looks very stylish and functional as well.
Very good product.  Bought it about two years ago along with a fender mustang 1.  It comes with a Daisy Chain power cord that eliminates the need for separate power supplies. Foam inserts easily fit Boss and Behringer pedals but can be easily cut to house other pedals.
If you are using Electro-Harmonix, Red Witch, Voodoo Labs or the larger MXR pedals, they won't fit in the styrofoam cutouts. You can, though, just take that styrofoam pad out and velcro the effects on to the board.I also have a Morley wah and they have big footprints, so they will take up a good initial chunk of room on the board. If you have a Cry Baby, though, everything should fit a little more comfortably. Right now, I have the Morley sitting outside the board due to the number of pedals I own and that four of them are a little outsized (MXR ten band EQ, EHX Electric Mistress, Seymour Duncan Tweak Fuzz).There is some hum, but it isn't so pronounced that it interferes that much with your sound.So for all that you get with this and the fact that it cuts down almost totally on the need for adapters (except a DOD Malmsteen preamp overdrive), this is a great deal. Of course, the durability is still in question at this point.
I purchased this because even though I use mostly Boss effects, I also use a Behringer Hell-babe Wah. Some of the reviews mentioned that Boss effects fit perfectly and that there is a 'footprint' for a wah type effect. I must say thanks to those reviewers! The only issue I have is that I'm kinda slow, so it took me a while to realize that I had to unscrew a part of the actual board in order for the wah to sit comfortably. I was also a little bit apprehensive about using the supplied adapter with all of my pedals in case there was some sort of conflict, but so far it has been a perfect experience! This is such a sturdy board. I must say though, that I had no idea it would be so huge! This is a perfect addition to any serious rig. UPDATE 21/6/10: I've finally filled all the available slots with the addition of the Boss Phase Shifter. So far this board has performed superbly! Yes, there is some noise (as there always is when using overdrive/distortion pedals), but no more than is to be expected. I use a Boss Noise Suppressor (Sorry if this is beginning to look like a Boss ad) and it works perfectly!
