So good that I bought another one.  Love the heavy cord and gold connectors.  Bass sounds great.  I just learned last night how to coil them up.  I guess I should read instructions more carefully.  But no harm done, still works great!
I have used monster cables for years, and with good reason. The lifetime warranty is worth the price alone. Simple fact: cables break, but getting to replace them at no cost is where it's at.
I now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my Fender Amp. After I bought Monster Cable to hook up my pedal board I thought I would try another one and update my guitar. I had been using a high end Planet Waves cable that I bought in the 1980's... Once I found out the input jacks on the new Monster cable didn't fit into the Fender Strat jack I was a little disappointed... I didn't return it and as stated I use it for the output on the pedal board. Save your money... I went back to my Planet Waves Cable...I payed $30.00 back in the eighties for the Planet Waves which now comes in at around $50.00. What I'm getting at is you get what you pay for. I thought Waves was a lot of money back in the day...but I haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...Planet Waves wins.
Perfect for my Epiphone Sheraton II.  Monster cables are well constructed.  I have several and never had any problems with any of them over the years.  Got this one because I wanted the 90 degree plug.
Monster makes the best cables and a lifetime warranty doesnt hurt either. This isnt their top of the line series but it works great with my bass guitar rig and has for some time. You cant go wrong with Monster Cables.
Monster makes a wide array of cables, including some that are very high end. I initially purchased a pair ofMonster Rock Instrument Cable - 21 Feet - Angled to Straight 1/4-Inch plugto use with my keyboards, but when it came time to purchase cables for my bass and guitar I thought I'd pinch a few pennies.  I am so glad I did.I compared this cable model to the more expensive models I previously purchased and, aside from looks, could not detect any difference in sound. I Swapped back and forth between my guitars and keyboards, ensuring that each model was used on each instrument - still no difference.What the more expensive model has going for it is looks. I am not sure it (the higher priced model) is even more sturdy because the molded stress relief ends on this model seem to make it more reliable than its pricier sibling.Bottom line: carefully compare both cables using your own instrument and amp - if possible - before making a purchase decision. You may find, as I did, that higher price does not necessarily equal higher value, even from the same manufacturer.
