I got this Duet2 instead of the single-light version as most Kindle users do.  So far I really like it, cuz it really brightens up the screen and makes it easier to read, even better than day light.  The only trick is to arrange the two lights on the sides of the screen to not having to see the reflection.The AC adapter is a great money saver, as I usually read 5-6 hours at night, and burning up 3 AAA batteries each night is not really a solution :)If you have a Kindle DX, I would strongly recommend this Duet2 instead of the single light version, cuz there's almost twice as much screen to cover.Of course, I also use this on on my music stand beside reading on the Kindle.  It's a versatile light source, and I really like it a lot.
Have not used the light as much as I thought I might, but it works okay. Each light has multiple, independent settings. The beams are narrow, but you get two of them.The major downside is that they sometimes turn on if they are carried with other things in your bag. Something in the bag will trigger the switch, and the light may be on for hours without you knowing it. There is no good way to prevent this other than to take the batteries out of the light during transport.Also, you cannot really tell from the product picture, but the clip is best used for narrow or thin objects. It does not work well (or at all) with object more than 1/4 inch thick.
this light is exactly what I needed! very bright and great battery life, AND it comes with power cord unlike some others where the cord is $10. more .  we are an acoustic duo and play out on a lot of decks  at bars and restaurants and this is perfect, lights the music book nicely a definite must have
I love the dual bulb design.  The clamp slid around a bit on my music stand.  Overall I like the design and flexibility.  Accidental turn-on in instrument case or gig bag could be a problem.  I'm sure I'll need to find a way to protect the product from breaking since it seems like it would not stand a chance on its own in my gig bag.
I bought this for my hercules fold up stand and it works great. There are 2 light sources and each has a choice between 1 or 2 lenses for brighter or softer light. The plug-in accessory is great, and my pedal board has an outlet. It runs fine on batteries also. Very pleased.
These are great,  have 3 of them now. I use them when I play with my duet and sometimes with the band. Used to plug in, but the batteries last a good while so I rarely use the cord anymore (there are enough cords in my life). I use a 3 ring binder with lyrics and fake chords, these light up everything pretty well. Only complaint - the clip isn't the best, but it's never fallen off or anything like that. Will but another one if any of them die, great product.
Not as bright as I would like them; however, very nice.  I can practice without lighting up the whole house.  I'm glad that I bought it.
Super, Excellent for dimly lighted rooms.............serves it's purpose really well and I plan to keep one of these handy from now on. Thanks for good quality products at a fair price.
This had to be designed by someone who understood the need for well-placed lighting for those who need to read sheet music while performing. the flexible necks allow you to quickly twist and aim the light 'just right' over two open pages. The battery operation is nice if you want to be portable, but I have found that the AC adapter (Mine came with the light, check to be sure you get one with yours) is the way to go if you have a piano or keyboard in place where you practice every day. My Duracell batteries ran down quickly, over a few weeks before I noticed the light becoming slightly less and less. The AC adapter keeps the power flowing and the lights at full brightness. The whole unit is light enough to clip onto a music stand back or to a music book that you place other sheet music in front of. I needed to buy an extension cord as the AC adapter cord is only about 6 feet long, and while that sounds like a lot, by the time you lay it out where you want it (out of the way to avoid tripping) you might need to add an extension cord too. I understand the LED's themselves last a long long time, so that is good, they operate at a very cool low temperature so no hazard there. All in all, these do the job, illuminating with a pleasant easy to read-by light.
This light clips on the back of the stand and hold nicely.  The light from the LEDs has a blue tint to it. I'd prefer something more 'white'. Each light can be controlled individually and has a low and high setting. I gave 4 starts because it doesn't get quite as bright as I'd like but it does the job.  It seems well-made and will operate off battery power as well as an AC adapter which is included.
This Mighty Bright is  great!!!!  It clips to my music stand, has battery power or ac adapter ( included) and lights up the entire music stand with very little glare. If you need a light for reading music or for just reading, this is it.........
I already own aMighty Bright LED Book Light with one lighting head, but I bought this light as a semi-permanent fixture on myDocument/Book Holder, which is mounted on anarticulating arm(took a little DIY'ing).This music light has one drawback; it doesn't have a master switch. To turn on both lights, you would have to independently turn on the switch atop each light head (two switch presses). To turn off both lights, you would have to independently double-click each light head (four switch presses) -- the first press brings the light to a lower level and the second press turns it off (each light head has two light levels: bright and medium-bright -- for a total 4 illumination combinations).I use this light for music sheets, documents, and books. The &#34;mighty bright&#34; label is no misnomer to be sure; these lights ARE mighty bright. They provide more than enough illumination to make even smaller texts readable in low ambient light conditions. Each light head provides very even illumination for a letter size sheet (the light starts to get dimmer just beyond the fringes of the sheet), so two light heads will provide sufficient illumination for a good-sized area. It will simultaneously illuminate the verso and recto of even the largest books. The flexible goose necks of the music light allows you to easily position the lights to reduce glare (which is inevitable on glossy or semi-glossy pages).This music light is a mighty sweet deal because:(1) it comes with anAC Adapter(which doesn't come with the book light with a single lighting head and has to be purchased separately). The adapter works on both this music light and the book light with a single lighting head.(2) contrary to the product description, this music light DOES come with 3 AAA batteries (at least mine did).Important Note: If you switch from using batteries to using the AC Adapter, the 3 AAA batteries will first have to be removed from the battery housing or the light(s) won't power on.I picked this music light over theMighty Bright Orchestra Lightbecause:(1) I've had my single head book light for many years and I trust this book light to offer the same durability (both lights are indistinguishable save for the single/dual light heads)(2) two goose necks offer more lighting flexibility(3) this music light is about half the price of the orchestra light.---The Bottom Line: The lack of a master switch on this music light makes turning on/off the lights somewhat of a hassle (an unfortunate but tolerable drawback). All the same, this music light is very functional, and as far as durability is concerned, I'm quite confident that it will last me for many years to come (it has the same build quality as my Mighty Bright single-head book light, which I've had for many years). Recommended!
This is a fairly compact &#34;must have&#34; accessory when working in pit or dim light situations. This music light will easily cover two pages of  music and at a stretch, three pages.The LEDs provide bright , white even coverage making it possible to see the pages of music. The heads are easily adjusted with the flexible mounting arms and the two stage light intensity switch is a good feature when a lesser intensity light is desired.The small size of the light makes it perfect for travelling.
I love this light. It runs on electric so no need for batteries. The goosenecks are metal and well made and the LED lights have switches that can turn on single or double LEDs on each side. It will clip on anything you want to hold it. It's simple, well made and works great.
My home practice area is in a rather dark corner with limited room, and I have this clipped onto my music stand. Illuminates the music far better than the previous ones I had used, including one that used a full sized bulb (rather too much light and not very portable). Have no trouble that others have mentioned, just it loses a star because the included ac adapter cord is *short*, making it for all intents and purposes useless to me without having to string along an extension cord to my music stand (ugh, more cords).
