Got a packet to try but I found they are better than the Gator screws that came with my case! My equipment is very secure. Highly recommended.
They are screws. They screw in and hold things. To say that they did less would've gotten the 1 star. I like them.
Good quality rack screws that come with rubber washers to protect face of equipment.  Arrived ahead of estimated arrival time which is always nice.
Excellent rack screws with washers. Its fit very good to rack holes. Good presentation and well packed. I will buy again.
So far the ones I have used have all threaded nicely into our 16u rack. There are exactly as described and do the job. What more can a guy say about a little box of screws? Maybe I should post some pics of the little buggers in action?
Pros:* They look very nice.* They cause much less wear than the 2nd hand rack screws and washers.Cons:* More expensive and I had to wait a few days longer than it took my rack equipment to ship.I'd purchase these again, but I now have 25 but only need 16 at the most once my rack is filled.
I replaced all the stock mounting screws that came with our sound rack cabinet with these, as they were nearly invisible with the black rails and mounting plates. The plastic washers also seem to protect the finishes better than metal washers on the equipment I mounted. Inexpensive, and worth it.
Donr be fooled by the imitations... should be their slogan. There are some real junky ones out there and these are great, love the washers, life savers. Thanks!
Great rack mount screws. Rubber washers are perfect, lets it give your item that tight fit without worry of the screws working out any time soon. I use them on my portable desktop rack with my mobile DJ equipment and they have held strong.
Other than that, when you need 10-32 rack screws, these are the real McCoy.  Wide enough pan to grab the ear, narrow enough to clear that next piece of gear!  Thanks, Raxxess!
There are other rack screws out there, but Raxxess makes the best quality screws and soft washers available.
Well if this review survives the censors just know that these are great screws when you run out of the original screws you were supplied with your new rack.  They work.
