EXCELLENT Guitar Stand. I use it to cradle my Electric Guitar, it works beautifully. Easy to to find my guitar when I want it and easy to rest it when I'm done. All you have to do is find a less traveled corner and the problem is solved. Before this Stand I used to have to hang the E-Guitar which is a risk because Electric guitars are heavy, and a pain in the neck because I had to lift and aim to hang which way too much effort after one is done playing for 2 or 3 hours.
I have at least 5 of these. I like the small footprint, plus it collapses for flat storage or transport. Holds acoustic or electric. Good quality, stable, economical. I have read that the foam padding can react with nitrocellulose lacquer and mar the instruments finish. I haven't seen that on my older stands, but to error on the side of caution, I have glued thin leather to the back and lower support of the stands. It is working fine. I bought the first about 10 years ago. It is still like new.
I was looking for a portable fold-up stand that I could take to gigs and searched around.  Found the Guardian at Amazon and thought for $10, how could I go wrong?  Oops! Wrong.  The stand is sturdy and folds up nicely, but I found it next to impossible to get my Fender Jazz bass to stand up in it.  The lack of an extended support for the neck means you have to try to balance the guitar very precisely against the apex of the stand and pray that no one gets near it or that the wind doesn't blow.  This is OK for a lightweight acoustic that you don't care too much about, but for for an electric guitar or bass, no way.I just ordered a different one with a tripod base and a neck support.  Live and learn.
Had one of these before but had given it away when I gave my old guitar away...wanted one again so found this one and bought it. Works well!
I have an Epiphone Les Paul and this stand does not hold it at all.  The holders are too far apart to keep the guitar from sliding through onto the floor.  Maybe it's a decent stand for an acoustic or a fatter electric.  But given that Les Paul is a pretty popular model of guitar, this should not be sold as an electric guitar stand.  I'm rating it for what it is sold as, and for that, it gets 1 star, and only because since there is no zero.
I JUST BOUGHT A NEW GUITAR AND WILL BE BUYING ANOTHER ONE OF THESE.  THE PRICE IS GREAT AND IT WORKS!  VERY HAPPY WITH THIS STAND
