I've got two other Levy's cotton straps that I picked up at local brick and mortar stores and they're fantastic! I picked one up on Amazon and I was unaware that there was an 'extended length' version and that it was what I had bought before. I suppose it's just easier for theNo big deal though, just an observation worth noting because if  you just picked one of these up based on prior purchases (and you're a big guy like me and/or you play with the guitar/bass around your knees) you may not be getting what you thought.In any case, these are very comfortable (soft edge), they stick on you (as opposed to some other materials which may tend to slide down), and they last.
Wonderful and inexpensive strap. I use these for all my electrics and have had no problems.Well made and easy to adjust.
This strap feels pretty good and feels like it would be more durable than the cheaper stuff. The only issue I have with it is that the ends are not the same size so I could not install my Dunlop Straploks for it. It may just have been the one I got though.
This Levy's Leathers "2inch Cotton Guitar Strap" is good looking (in an understated sort of way), very well made, adjustable and extremely comfortable, and works exactly as expected.We bought this for my son as a "starter" strap and figure he will buy a more flashy one someday, but this one looks like it will be used for the foreseeable future!Highly Recommended!CFH
Not much to say about a guitar strap... except I had planned to use it on a Simga acoustic without a pin at the neck. I ended up using the strap on my Strat for the acoustic and this one is on the Strat. This one doesn't come with a wrap or tie for the nut so, it is for use with a guitar with a pin at both sides of the body. If you need to secure one end at the headstock, this is not an option. It is comfortable though.
I bought this intending to use it on my Seagull acoustic but tonight I put it on my Squier Fat Strat instead. after getting tired of how raw the existing polypropylene strap -which was about the same price just because it had "Fender" embroidered on it- was making my neck.When I put this on the electric the difference was immediately noticable even though my neck was still sore from the cheap strap.  So I decided to sign in and write this review.This strap is softer and better made than the poly ones.It even comes with a string tie for your acoustic, which you might need.Consider taking my advice: Treat yourself.$15 for a strap -when guitars cost hundreds (if not thousands) of dollars- is not much.Besides, the cotton and suede will not scratch your axe...The only downside is that the strap ends are pretty thick and is very snug on my pegs.I use c-type snap-on strap locks but they will no longer fit.Maybe I'll see if the venerable Grolsch strap locks will work.You can spend more to get wider straps with more padding if you want but do not bother getting something cheaper unless a strap of at least this quality is on sale.Update: Too snug for Grolsch strap locks on the Squier also...
Very comfortable strap.  The cotton is soft and does not cut into my neck like some nylon straps do.  Seems sturdy and is holiding up well so far.
This is a perfect strap for my guitar. It's not rough on my neck and is very adjustable. It's very simple and is perfect for me. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
Classy and comfortable, it looks perfect on my beat up black '76 Tele custom. I've never had a complaint about a Levy's strap, they're expensive but always seem to be worth what you pay for them, unlike some other brands (*cough.. Fender... *cough).
I admit I bought this only because John Frusciante uses a very similar style strap. But he has good taste. This strap is strong and sturdy. Even without strap locks I'm comfortable going crazy on stage. High quality, does not fray, stays on the guitar. Does what you want and need and looks great!
I like to walk around while I play. It's a hangup of mine. This strap works fine for that. The only thing I've noticed that can be annoying is that strap moves easily across my back so it is very easy to get the guitar out of position (the neck too high or too low). Other than that, it's a good deal for the price. Maybe I just need a shirt with more cling.
In the interest of full disclosure, this is the first guitar strap I have ever owned. That being said, the strap is fairly soft and pliable, with that almost broken in feel. I was expecting it to be a little stiffer, but I'm glad it isn't. It fit my Ibanez acoustic just fine. My guitar is nothing fancy, so I would presume the "strap locks" are pretty standard. The fit is really tight at first, so that should be a good thing. I suppose I could have unscrewed my strap locks to facilitate mounting the strap, but I didn't.The range of fit seems pretty good to me. I am 6' tall and wear my acoustic up a little high, kind of "folk style" I guess. If I want to, I can adjust it so that it rides lower around my pelvis area. One end is suede on both sides and has the tanned leather-logo patch on it, while the other end is black suede on one side and tan suede on the backside. I can't see it marring the guitar at all. It is comfortable around my neck and shoulder. Made in Canada, seems well built and durable. Once again my left shoe is happy to have its lace back, and Keith gets to keep his head fashionable. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and I will answer as best I can. Thanks for reading.SPO
Only complaint is that the cameo is not as well done as shown in the picture.  Other than that the strap is of good quality.
