I read several reviews before purchasing these strings. I've never bought any strings with any sort of coating on them but after putting these on my Yamaha acoustic, it sounded great! They have very good high and low tones and give a more resonating tone to the whole guitar. My Yamaha is not a very expensive model but these strings make it sound like it is. If you're wanting to upgrade to a thicker set of strings, definitely give these a try. The coating is supposed to make them last longer and resist corrosion and what not, but they are also a little smoother on the fingertips when changing chord positions and sliding up and down the fret board.
Time will tell if they last longer than strings 1/3rd the price. Visually, they don't appear any different than cheaper Bronze wound strings. I was expecting something different, but as far as sound goes, the strings tuned well and only required some stretching 3 times to get them to stay in tune, even after playing &#34;smear notes&#34; on several songs. My problem with cheaper strings (De'Angelo) was they would tarnish or rust quickly, the winding would come lose and bare the inner string over the fret marks on the guitar. The company claims these are treated to prevent corrosion and should last 3 to 5 times longer. I'll know in a few weeks if that statement is true or not. Since these are literally triple the cost, I'll know if it was worth the extra expense. Hopefully these are made in the USA instead of China like most other things we buy in America. Good or bad, once I see the longevity of this set, I'll add to this review at that time.
The Nanoweb strings do stay clean and they stand up but, on the negative side...I replaced one string in my set with a nanoweb and noticed right away the feel was slippery. When picking my fingers would slip on the nano string rather than pluck.  I will stick to cleaning my good old standard strings.
I've been playing guitar for about 15 years - and within the last year bought my first Taylor guitar (Taylor Guitars 414CE-LTD Grand Auditorium Acoustic Electric Guitar). It came with these Elixir strings on it from the factory. I am blown away by the brightness and purity of the tone these strings produce. What's even better is how long they last.I'm pretty hard on my strings. I useDunlop Standard Tortex Picks, 12 Pack, Purple, 1.14mmwhich are very stiff, and chew up strings very quickly. The nanoweb wrap that they put on these string makes them last several MONTHS instead of weeks. They're a little bit more expensive then other major string brands. But after about a year of listening to these (only gone through 3 sets so far), they're worth the extra few bucks.
They feel great, last longer than any other string I ever used and most importantly, they sound terrific. The medium weight also has a better tone than thinner gauges. My Taylor is much louder now that I use these.However, you may have to adjust your truss rod if you change from lite or extra light.
These are pricey but keep the fresh sparkly tone much longer.  When they start sounding a little dull it wipe them down with Fast Fret, loosen off the tension a bit and wipe 'em down firmly and they sound new again.
Great great great great great great great great great.  Been uning them for years.  Love the sound and playability and durability.  matin coated are good too.
These strings are very nice and sound great. Elixer is a fantastic brand and these strings are definitely worth the price.
I hesitate to write this review simply because it's pretty obvious nearly everyone else loves these strings. To be honest, I was very, very impressed with their feel and handling. I do think they're the best playing strings I've used when it comes to pure playability. Hands down, none better. They were butter-smooth and great for flat picking. But for me it was a trade-off, because I simply wasn't impressed with the tone. I even took the time to try them on three different guitars (all dreadnoughts): a classic maple sides/spruce top, a mahogany back/sides with spruce top, and a maple backs/sides with a nato top. On all three, I didn't like the tone as much as the strings I was using. I really wanted to like them, but they simply didn't have the tone of the medium gauge Martin SPs I normally use.This isn't to say they're not great strings that sound different on other peoples' guitars, but I simply didn't like them on mine. I love good projection with rich bass tones and ringing treble for the folk and traditional music I play in our jam group. The Elixirs just lacked the punchy high tones of the Martin strings I use, and the treble sounds tinny vs. the clear ring of the Martins I normally use. To be fair, the bass strings sound great, and aren't much different. I would have to say choose your strings carefully based upon how you're going to use them. I play in acoustic groups, and the Elixir strings just don't have what I need to be heard, in spite of how great they feel under your fingers. If playability is more important than great tonal range, then by all means buy these strings...you won't be disappointed. I'm guessing these would be fine on an acoustic electric, where the electronics could compensate for the weaker treble tones.
I've been using Elixir strings since Gore first made prototypes over 10 years ago. I use both electric and acoustic. The product performs exactly as they guarantee it will.  Every once in a while I'll get a &#34;dead&#34; string. I'll just call the customer service number and they will replace it free of charge. Same thing with strings that break while tuning them up.
Compared these all in Medium .013's on a Taylor 210 dreadnought .... Martin SP Bronze & Phosphor Bronze, Martins Lifespan SP, Dr, D'addario EJ17 Phosphor Bronze, and Elixir Nanoweb 80/20 Bronze and Phospher Bronze. I tried them back to back. Switching back and forth. Narrowing it down to D'addario and Elixirs. I did the same with these 3 sets. One day I'd try all 3 playing along with a cd. Then I'd try a different set every 3 days. The Elixir 80/20 comes out on top. Best sounding of all, smooth on my fingers. Second, Elixir Phospher bronze, last was D'addario. I'd be satisfied with the D'addario they do sound good. But the Elixir sounds & feels better.
I always go with Elixirs. Great, long-lasting sound! I would recommend these to anyone, both experienced players and amateurs alike.
These are perfect. Hard to beat strings. They last, keep in tune, and keep their tone. They don't need any string cleaners either. So you can save money on that. An obvious noticeable difference between the Medium gauge and the Light is that these Medium gauge are not recommended if you like to finger-pick a lot.  But boy.... Are they bright! Enough to blow the spruce tops from pine trees!
I bought a set as they were recommended to get the tone I was looking for on my 7 week old guitar. Installed as usual and tuned them. They sounded good when played open but compressing them was nearly impossible. My capo could not even hold them. I set the guitar aside for a few minutes and heard the wood creaking. When I looked the face of the guitar was bowing up and the bridge was pulling up and back as if they were trying to pry it off. I released the tension on all the strings as fast as I could and left it. I returned them and got some lighter ones but to no avail. The body is cracked around the bridge and it is useless now. Use at your own risk!!!!!!! I personally wouldn't give a nickel for them.
