Got this to put into my Pseudo-caster project guitar. Love it! Be warned, it does NOT come with springs, claw or trem bar. If you order this, get the tremolo bar for the Mexican model. The threads are smaller on these.If you like to do &#34;dive bombs&#34;, you will need to grind a bevel on a small portion this massive sustain block. It will hit the back of the cavity before getting anywhere near absolute floppiness.Last important note... Make sure you measure your outer pivot screw distance. If it matches spec on this Trem, all the screw holes will match up.
I gave this a 5 star for the simple fact that this tremolo has a bigger block for more sustain and a better all around intonation on any cheaply made guitar, I replaced this with the one that came on my squier affinity strat and let me just say the sustain and over all tone has been shaped on my guitar, it now stays in better tune and sounds amazing, I did also replace the tuners on my chinese made squier as well so that also helps with this tone, sustain and intonation and playing ability of the guitar
This is intended to replace a MIM 6 screw Stratocaster bridge.  It only comes with the bridge, no body screws, no back springs, no arm... nothing.  That's why it's so inexpensive.  What you see in the picture is what you get.But that being said, it a great value if you want to spruce up your MIM Strat.  The block is HUGE compared to a standard MIM bridge.  It was incredibly easy to install.  And the sustain is improved.One tip which I forgot, do not tighten the 6 screws into the body all the way. The bridge has to be loose enough for the bridge to move like a hinge.  The springs in the back keep it back.  The string tension keeps it balanced in the front.  What I did was tighten the body screws all the way, and then loosened them one 1/4 turn back.
Very nice bridge. This was an OEM part so didn't come with screws, springs,claw, or tremolo bar, just the bridge itself. Not the best but for the price was a killer deal. The block is full size, probably zinc or some mystery metal, vintage bent saddles. Would be a good replacement for an older MIM Strat with the smaller block, or other Asian import, or just to replace one that's wore out. Like I stated it was dirt cheap and decent quality.
This bridge is heavily constructed, so the amplified sound is much more vibrant and alive.  It must weigh twice as much as the bridge from my old Indiana Custom S-Type Guitar.  I'm glad I replaced it.  Now I have a lot more guitar for my money.  I probably spent $200 total on my Fender bridge assembly, locking tuners, and Tex-Mex pickups, as well as the original $59 for my used guitar, and I would say I now have the functional equivalent of a $500 Fender Stratocaster, based on sound quality and ease of fingering.  This was time and money well spent.
