I have run sound for several large churches, providing services for both live sound and television broadcasting. The way that you have to mix for each of those is vastly different, especially when applying vocal effects. I have also run a small recording studio for the last 12 years.The 80/20 rule says that if you can get 80% of the sound you're looking for with 20% of the work, be satisfied. This Mic Mechanic (MM) is more like 99% of the sound with 1% of the work.I actually use this more in a studio setting than for live sound. Primarily because it solves SO many problems that you face as a sound engineer.1) Adaptive tone. The MM continuously listens to your voice and adjusts the compression, gate, EQ, and de-essing. Even when recording dry vocals, at a minimum, you should at least set your compression, then in post production, add parametric EQ to place your vocals where they need to be set.Now? I hit the tone button, and all that is done for me. It makes a dynamic mic sound great! It makes working with a condenser mic easier.2) Reverb. Most home recording enthusiasts have problems applying reverb. They either use too much or too little. With this, when you it equally between wet and dry, you get the right amount of reverb to bring recording to life. I recorded a vocal with club, room, and hall reverb. Each one sat just right! When you solo the vocals, you can tell which is used. In the mix it was more subtle. Good Job!3) Pitch correction. I have to admit, my own vocals aren't perfect. When you record your own vocals, and you're like me, you'll hear a "chorus" sound in your headphones. That's because you're hearing you own vocals and the pitch correction through the headphones. This takes a second to get use to.When set in the center, you can still do your vocal gymnastics, slide into notes, and it seems... natural. It pulls you to the closest not in the chromatic scale, so if you're way off, it will make your vocals sound out.I'm not a singer, but this has renewed my joy in singing!
I have a bad habit of backing off of the microphone when changing chords on the guitar. This little device gives me auto-correct for that habit as well as some nice echos and reverbs which aren't overbearing, and the pitch correction sounds really natural. Now I just need 2 more so the rest of our singers have that same great sound.
This is a nice product that is perfect for someone like me, basically a one man band.  Guitar is my primary instrument and I am a decent singer, but not great.  This can help clean up my vocals and is helpful if you occasionally stray off key (a little).  Very simple to operate.  Like most swiss army knives it can do a lot of things pretty well but none of them great. Hvr, considering the price, I think it's excellent.  Would buy it again if stolen (as they say).
I have a small format 10 channel mixer for my acoustic and small gigs and it has no built in effects. It also gets a little bit noisy when using the EQ on the two mic pre channels.The Mic Mechanic allows me to dial in foot switchable effects right on y pedalboard, where they should be for a solo act or when your running your own sound. I typically leave the &#34;Tone&#34; button on at all times, as it gives a nice eq curve and mild compression. Effects are easy dial up on the selector and can be customized by using the modifiers...(read the manual). The correction works pretty well for me, but someone who is a bett vocalist may not need it, in which case, you can turn it down. I typically run mine around 12-1:00E thing I don't like about this pedal is its 12v power consumption. It can be phantom powered, but if I engage phantom power on my mixer it is on for both mic pres And I use the other often times for a second dynamic mic when playing as a duo. It can run off the Sanyo Pedal Power without issue however and I often use it on my acoustic pedalboard with a compressor and delay/reverb for my guitar.
When I originally went out to place this order, I was planning to order the  TC Electronics Singles VoiceTone C1 Vocal Effects Processor for its pitch correction function. As I looked over that device and some alternatives, I finally ordered the TC-Helicon Mic Mechanic because it had pitch correction and some other very nice effects. I ignored the reviewers who said the pitch correction function had no effect - how could TC Electronics put out the &#34;Mic Mechanic&#34; with a pitch correction function that didn't do anything? Well, those reviewers were right - the pitch correction function has NO EFFECT! Also, I couldn't see any effect between engaging/disengaging the tone button. I kept the Mic Mechanic because I like the other effects, but I'm very disappointed in the primary reason I bought it!
I purchased this to add basic effects to a small PA based on daisy-chainedPowerwerks PW50 Portable PA Systemheads and got a lot more than I bargained for.The effects are beautifully done. Reverb sounds natural and there is a wide range of choices for both reverb and echo. For the record I keep mine set at Club with the wet/dry knob set to a straight 12 o'clock position. Wet means more of the effect and dry means less.There is a mic gain on the left side of the unit, and the mic input (XLR only) has phantom power. The XLR out goes straight to your mixer. There is also a USB port for software I do not use so I cannot speak to that feature.The unexpected bonus on this device is the tone feature, which I leave on. It adds a dimension to vocals that does not interfere with them, not does it alter them in ways that are mechanical sounding - you can set it for minor to major pitch correction. I suspect that most folks will want less of this than more.Overall this is a perfect addition to a vocalist's toolbox because it is straightforward to use and relatively inexpensive. It's also perfect for adding vocal effects to small, bare-bones PA systems. It transformed mine from essentially a loudspeaker to a true PA.
