Use them all the time.  Has velcro too.  Goes from my DI or preamp to my audio interface.  Good quality.
Like my title says, this gets the job done, and is well built. Don't waste your money spending on premium brands like monster cable and get this instead. I challenge anyone to a blind test who can say they can tell a difference.
Nice cables for the price. Nice to have a good name on them, and very useful for my band's mixer rack setup.
awesome cord hope they make more and the world will be a better place, peace and love to you all !!!!!!!
My Instant Order Update notice shows that I purchased this in December 3, 2010, and during the time I've owned this cable it has been heavily used and is still noise-free and perfect in all respects.  For context I purchased it to connect a mic tube pre-amp to a mixer, so it has been set up and torn down many times in the past two and a half years.Key points that earn the five stars is the heavy duty strain reliefs, which keep the inside conductors from bending and stressing. I am guessing those are why this patch continues to be noise free and provide a strong signal.  Also, the XLR connectors are of the highest quality. In the past I have cut corners only to find that small details like connectors do not always mate well. Not so with these. They engage and disengage without binding or looseness. Bear in mind that they have been in frequent use - inserted and removed hundreds of times.The outer jacket is fairly thick, which to me is an indication that the manufacturer did not cut corners when this cable was constructed.Overall I am pleased because this patch has withstood a lot of use and has held up perfectly. I would not hesitate to purchase more of this brand and model if I need additional ones.
The plastic piece that screws the wire into the end was made of VERY thin plastic, and cracked in two within a week of light use. I guess I can redo it with electrical tape to make it work, but I have many Whirlwind cables that have lasted me 15+ years. I expected more from this manufacturer, but I guess the quality is not the same as it used to be.
I bought this to &#34;daisy-chain&#34; two small Kustom powered PA cabinets.  Virtually all of the XLR cables available were way too long for my application. This cable filled the bill perfectly.
I buy many of these cable and they all test correctly with a meter and they all work great. So far I haven't had any issues at all. They feel well made and I will continue to use them for the bands PA.
This is a great xlr cable and does the job for what I need it to, which is attach my dslr shoe to an external shotgun mic.  It has low noise, clean sound/good transmission.  The only issue is that this particular cable, more-so than any of my other ones, is hard to get a locking click on anything it attaches to on either end.  Once it's attached it's fine, but then it's the same coming off, I have to pull much harder than with my other cables and it makes me worried I'll damage a microphone.  With expensive equipment, I'd use a different cable as the tight grip on both the male and female sides worries me.
