I use different kinds of picks, this one is very special, the strings rings out really pleasant, and great for speed picking too!
As a beginner guitarist, a few friends let me try out their picks.  I was displeased with most of the standard picks, partially because I didn't like that flimsy feel to them and their sound just didn't sound quite as robust as I like (hopefully, that makes sense).  However, when I was handed one of these, it produced a pleasant sound and I didn't feel like I would somehow break the pick while playing.Needless to say, now that I have my own guitar, I ordered a pack of these and I am certainly not disappointed.
I've been playing guitar my entire life. And I've tried almost every pick there is. After hearing how great it is, I decided to buy it. It felt really small at first, and i kinda was dissapointed. I put it down, and didn't use it for quite some time. For some reason i decided to pick it back up, and after a few minutes i came to like the pick. Days after using it, i got accustomed to its size, and I became much more efficient with picking. And I no longer had to worry about the pick slipping. I can't really go back to normal sized picks now.. haha. That's like the only downside I can think of. There are many dif versions of this style, so buy em all, and try em out. If these don't work for you, you can always buy the V-pick.
Real nice Guitar Picks. It came in a 6 piece pack, they deserve the Dunlop brandname because these things last a long time.
it's kinda small for my hand but it works great! it's more easier to pick the string. This pack comes with 6 picks.
I've been using only these even since trying them, wonderful picks for speed and precision, you won't go back for sure.
These are shred picks, they are very accurate. Pinch harmonics come easily. The point is made to scream over wound strings, gallops, are a breeze. I gave one to the other guitarist in my band now he only uses them.
I recently bought a few packs of Jazz IIIs and I was shocked.  They don't play at all like what I was expecting.  Under high magnification the edge doesn't look the same as the old Jazz III either, and they don't play the same if you turn them over!!!  What's up with that?I'm sorry to give such a poor review to a great brand like Dunlop.  Let's hope this is just a short-term fluke.
I love these picks. Great for lead playing, and with small fingers like I have, they feel great! Nice quality pick.
After you use these the large, flimsy old school picks will be used just when you don't have one of these babies available.  These are the best picks out there.  If you don't have these already you better purchase them now.  Black or Red, the color is the only difference.
I do like this pick as well.  It's the third color of the same pick I purchased.  I will probably always use these.
just to let people know off the bat i can tell you these picks are small, and if you are used to big picks these might turn you off for a while. But trust me when i say that once you get used to these picks and you start using proper technique these picks will improve your technique rapidly.i never thought i would say that a pick helped me improve playing but it does. now when i try any bigger pick i even use those picks with more skill now because of these picks. trust me if you put up with these picks for a while and you get used to them you will improve or at least i and many other people agree. :D
Give these picks three days and you'llNever go back to another style.Almost impossible to slip out of your fingers, great tone, amazing clarity, effortless harmonics, durable and fast.This pick literally makes you play better!
