This is the best octaver I have ever played through (I bought my first one in 1980), and you would be a dope not to get one now before they become expensive. THREE umm... density/timbral/tonal choices [chorused, only octaved signal, 50/50 mix clean-octaved signal] PER setting, which ranges from -2 to +2 octaves. Quiet and tiny footprint. You'd be dumb not to get one while they're cheap.
Depends on what your looking for. Is this a POG...nope, but it has some tricks up it's leave for the price. The only con I can give is when playing chords when dropping down (like a drop D) it doesn't always sound grant. Bar chords work a little better
I have owned almost every octave/harmonizer/pitch shifter on the market. For what this tiny 80 dollar box is capable of, you cant beat it. First off, Its polyphonic. You wont find that in anything else under $300. Instant tracking, wide range of versatility, perfect volume balancing and very solid design. Only two flaws: a very slight hum when compared to buffered bypass pedals, still doesnt hum as bad as my POG did. The only flaw that irks me is that the affected note comes slightly flat when using just the pitch shift mode. Its very minute but a well trained ear in a solo session will hear it plain as day. Otherwise this inexpensive powerhouse is a grand slam. Great job Mooer, i cant wait to try more of your stuff.
If you only want to use this thing as a detune effect to add a static, non-oscillating, chorus like effect, it's fine for that.  As an actual pitch shifter though, this thing is awful.  All the pitch shift settings sound like they're 30 cents sharp. This is especially awful sounding when used as an Octave effect.  I suppose I could have opened it up to see if there was an adjustment pot inside but I did not want to void the warranty so I just returned it.  It's hard to believe that nobody at the company could hear how badly out of tune this pedal is.  I've read the same complaint about their Pure Octave pedal also. This is really too bad because all the other pedals for Mooer seem to be quite good.  I own their Reecho Delay pedal and quite like it and I'm also tempted to get their Green Mile pedal.If you're not that sensitive to pitch inaccuracies, this pedal maybe fine for you but I doubt that many will find this pedal to be satisfactory.One minor quibble about the rubber padding used at the bottom of these pedals.  It does not stick to the adhesive on ANY of the Velcro strips I've tried to use.
The Mooer Pitch Box in the harmonist mode blends the dry signal with the altered pitch, and in the pitch shift mode if filters out the dry signal.The pitch knob allows you to raise the note 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones, or lower the note by 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones.I found that putting a distortion pedal in front of the Pitch Box made the harmonies more pronounced. Making how well it tracks and handles bends and vibrato more noticeable. And in general it helps it sounds more like a guitar and less like an organ.When I had the pitch box in front of the distortion pedal, it had this constant warble that sounded like an out of tune guitar. The detune mode sounds like a chorus but I almost never use it.
