When set on blink, they blink way too fast.  When not set on blink, all 4 lights come on and focused into just 1 spot that the combined color come out white.  Useless design.
I purchased 4 of these, of the four 1 was no good on arrival another failed after 2 short time uses. I will not buy more. The first one was returned after some resistance from the seller the second one had passed the warranty time before it had failed. Suggest thoroughly testing these upon arrival if you purchase these. For the $$$ should be more dependable.
They are not designed with a switch to have all lights on at the same time. So if you need that sort of control on your lights this will not do it. They are fairly bright and the lightweight metal body is nice.
Very bright! 4 of them are great for lighting up the front stage of a band which is my application for them! Worth the money!
I own the older Color Bank with the bulbs and it works better that this one. I love the size, weight and LED bulbs on this one though. It has a nice color throw too. It also has speed control and audio control just like the older model but........this new LED version is built with less quality. When you turn both speed controls all the way down to the lowest settings, the bulbs still keep flashing to the next one, about every second. They do not stop flashing when it's plugged in since it don't have an on/off switch. If you are using this on a switcher, then it wouldn't be a problem.I'd prefer the light to stop when the music stops, but it don't. When you try to adjust the audio flashing, it is so sensitive to sound that the lights just keep flashing very fast in rotation.Also the circuit board inside is held to the metal panel by 4 plastic pegs sticking through the back. They will stick your hand and eventually get pushed inside and the small circuit board will move around. Within 1 hour of getting it, I had to take it apart, push the plastic pegs back through the holes and melt them with a hot knife so they would stay in place.I love the light but it's not as useful to me since it's "always" flashing. It's possible I have a defective one, not sure.The cool bright LED bulbs are the best part of this light.***UPDATE,  I played with one of these in the store and it actually worked better. When you turn it all the down, the lights stopped flashing until the music started again. The one I have never stops flashing, even when the music stops. I guess I got a bad one.
