Gorgeous strapped to my son's Martin acoustic guitar. He loves it. It's pretty without distracting from the guitar itself. VERY well made and durable. I've even been able to clean it easily with a soft brush and water. The leather is a bit stiff, but it broke in in no time. This will last a very long time.
It really nice, made in Canada not China wow! That alone impressed me! Like the other here, reviews it is not soft it is stiff material. Yes you can bend it. It will probably last 2 life times. Ends are made of leather. One advantage is that once you set it to the appropriate length it will not change easily. If your switching to different size guitars, this could be a problem cause you can't make an on-the-fly quick adjustment on stage, you will be wrestling with it.
This strap is really beautiful. The Native American pattern goes beautifully with the classical guitar I made with the images of wolves burned into the top. However, the leather ends are very thick and stiff, making it very hard to slip over the strap buttons on the guitar. I tried to put the snap-on strap buttons but had to really work the holes on the strap with an Exacto knife to get the strap to slip over them. I have a nice Ralph Marlin strap with soft, pliable leather on the ends and the slip on and off the strap buttons with little effort - workable with one hand. I'd give this Levy's strap 5 stars if its ends were as flexible.
Levy's leathers could have made this guitar strap out of a softer material, especially on the edges.  It cuts into your neck horribly, even thru a shirt. Yukko.  The fake leather on the ends are unbelievably cheap.
Just a great strap. A straight up product well worth the money. Man, it's good to buy something from someone who puts their name, labor, and product on the line. Then delivers! Here it is..you want it, come get it. Can't miss dealing like that. Thank you.
Put this on my cheap acoustic guitar and it looks so good, I might have to upgrade my guitar! Not much else to say about it.  It adjusts easily, and does exactly what it is supposed to do.
