It's well made. Not much else you can say about it. Buy it. It is worth it. Packaged very well.
I ended up ordering this cable to connect a 535Q Wah into a Dyna Comp on my Pedaltrain 2 board. It's the perfect length, as the 1/2 foot cable was just a little bit too short. Since then, I've ordered these patch cable in other lengths, and they've done a great job of cleaning up the look of my pedalboard.
I have had really good luck with the planet wave patch cables.  They haven't had a huge amount of use, but none of them have went bad or caused any excess noise, and I've bought over 10 of them.
I got a few of these as a Christmas gift and they're just bad.  I put them on my pedalboard where I previously had longer cables and these just didn't stay in the jack.  I have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these.  If I play loudly and my room vibrates a bit, the cable even works its way out of the jack a little bit and cuts my signal.  Awful.
Perfect for patching effects pedals together that are further apart. Good quality cable with a good price. Most of my cables are from Planet Waves and I've never had an issue.
These cords work great and helped me (finally) clean up a mess of longer cords running between various voice processors and mixer.  The set-up went from a mess of eight neatly wrapped 6 ft cords to these 1 footers.  Looks great.  Cords are sturdy - I haven't had nor do I foresee any issues with them.  Would definitely buy again.
It comes with a lifetime guarantee and feels really sturdy. They come in many lengths and it is sleek and effective. Great price as well.
I purchased a BUNCH of Planet Waves Classic cables for my new pedal board. The cable is a little fat at the connector for pedal board use so if you have a tight fit this is not the cable for you. However, I am very pleased to find the cable itself is quite flexible. My complaint, like other reviews I read, is that the end doesn't seem to fit snug on some connections. For me these cables fit very well with the MXR pedals, Dunlop wah and the Ibanez pedal. The Boss pedals however, were hit or miss. Can't say for sure if this is Plant Waves design problem or Boss, but it does seem odd it seems to be mostly the Boss pedals. I have a couple EHX pedals also, one side is snug the other loose. Anyway, for the money, I think you will be happy with the Planet Waves cable, nice moulded ends with a good flexible cable.
awesome patch cables for your pedalboard. they are not as rigid as your typical patch cables which works for winding in and around pedals easier and you can twist and angle them however you want without stressing your input jacks. love Planet Waves gear.
