The Rat has been used by everyone from David Gilmour to Dave Grohl to give you a grasp of its range.  It does everything from light crunch, to Marshall-style thick rhythms, to all out face-melting distortion.Rich harmonics, near infinite sustain, and a mid-range push that will cut through a mix like no other distortion pedal.This pedal has not left my board since the day I bought it.  The fact that it's built like a tank ensures it's going to be around a long time after my playing days are over.
This is what all distortion pedals are judged by.  Adds thick creamy distortion, enhances harmonics, and maintains great attack and definition.  Sounds awesome.  True bypass.
There a hundreds of distortion pedals on the market today. Sure, some are said to be the best at this or that, but for me the RAT is the one that does it all. And at a great price to boot. This pedal is not new to me. I've had a few of them in the past, but the RAT 2 is just a great as the older "vintage" models. Goes from a nice bit of drive that is far better than a Tube Screamer, to a near fuzztone, with some warm, smooth creamy tones in between. Remarkable. No other distortion pedal can do it as well. I've been playing for 5 decades and have had more than my share of them. But the RAT delivers. No joke. It just does it all, and well.The Filter (tone) is set up where the tone gets deeper by going clockwise rather than counter clockwise. That might thow a few folks off, but it's a little thing really. The Filter is the core of it's tone and the Distortion control is very linear in how it increases the distortion. By going higher with the Distortion control, the volume only goes up a little. That's great as making changes while playing is less of a hastle if you just lean over and bump it up a bit, the volume won't go through the roof.100% silent switching. No hum. No buzz. And no loss or increase of your overall level when you engage the unit. Flawless comes to mind here. Easy to set up. Strong as a Tiger tank. And just flat out gives you what you want without all the fuss of 6 or 8 knobs for you to mess with. And the three that are there all glow in the dark like all the RATs of the past. Kinda cool if you ask me.If one wants a good distortion pedal that will perform without issues, get yourself a RAT. If you want to impress your friends with how much money you dumped on a "boo-teek" pedal that sits in the RAT's shadow, buy that high dollar unit and you can at least "Look Good" while you play. But your tone will still stink. Its up to you. Me? Its a no brainer. I go with the RAT....
I have one one these from the 80's back home, and when I was looking for a new peddle, I found this was still the best around. I remember searching for the right peddle back in the 80's and going through dozens of them before settling on the Rat. And it's exactly the same... Simple, sturdy and its settings are perfect from crunch to blistering distorted sustain. I run it through all manner of amps - including Marshalls, Vox, and even Crate, both tube and transistor, and with a few quick easy adjustments I get exactly what I'm looking for no matter the box.I'm an old school player - meaning I want my sound to come from the guitar and amp instead of processors. This is just an enhancement to my sound, and not the basis of it... though I expect anyone will get what they want from this baby.
This pedal is exactly what I have been looking for since three years ago when I started performing. The distortion on this is deep, has long sustain, and has a nice tone to it that the classic Boss DS-1 pedal does not have. It's perfect for a great sound, from heavy rhythm guitar chugging to fat, bruising solos.I love this pedal and have been using constantly ever since I got it.However, word of fair warning: the pedal itself uses a +9V power charge rather than the typical guitar f/x pedal -9V (barrel jack. Look at the power supply of a Boss pedal to see what I am talking about. This ProCo RAT Pedal does NOT use that). If you buy this pedal, you will have to do one of four things:1) Buy the power supply made specifically for this pedal.2) Consistently use and replace batteries.3) Find a converter from barrel jack to 3.5mm jack.4) Be an electrical engineer and rewire it yourself.Other than the above, excellent pedal!
After playing digital equipment for years I recently got into analog (pun intended) starting with an overdrive pedal.I had always heard a lot about the RAT and I wanted to try it out.I played a Boss DS1 at a store and thought it was a decent distortion but found it too trebly and thin.The Rat with all the knobs on 12 oclock sounds like a great rock amp. Like a perfect marshall but with more organic-ness. It really has its own tone I must add. Fat, thick, smooth and saturated. It responds to picking very well and organically.As you move the distortion knob higher, the sounds gets more and more animal. Very thick and "furry". The tone filter knob also is a very strong influence on the sound. With lower settngs the tone becomes more trebly and smooth and with higher settings it gets closer to fuzz. Very nice.A nice pedal to have to be sure.
I've owned over 3 dozen dirt boxes over the years, and I just love the Rat.  It makes my tube halfstack sing, and my practice amp sound like a big amp.Its great as a stand alone distortion, running on a clean amp.  It can get everything from that perfect bluesy grit to roaring sludge (just max out the distortion and use your neck pickup on an LP to sound EXACTLY like King Buzzo of the Melvins) and everything inbetween.It can also be used to boost an overdriven amp into better sounding territory.  Case in point, my buddy has an old Peavy stack from the 70's in his garage.  Its a solid state head on top of a vertical cab of two 14" speakers.  On its own, you can use the gain and distortion knobs present on the amp to get a decent sound, but with his Les Paul it still sounded oddly dark.  We put the Rat in front of it and with some fiddling got that perfect AC/DC style overdrive out of it.I think the main reason I love the Rat so much is not only the great tone and its sheer indestructability, but the filter knob.  Normal tone knobs allow you to focus more on bass or treble, but usually if you boost one, you cut the other.  The filter is more of a high end roll off, you can darken or brighten your tone accordingly, but when you DO go brighter, you still have the same bottom end.  It doesn't CUT the bass out.  So even with a more treble heavy sound, you still have a fuller rounder tone, it doesn't thin out so much.Its really an excellent pedal.  I've heard that some claim you have to get an older one with the LM308 chip to really get "the sound" but that's a myth.  Look on a few guitar forums or on youtube for plenty of tests and testimony showing the fact that the new ones do indeed sound the same as the old ones.  A Rat is a Rat, whether they're coming from China or the USA.p.s.  Mine is from 2010 and the face still glows in the dark.  So I dunno what that other guy was complaining about.
As far as tried and true distortion pedals go, this is really just average. The filter doesnt have enough of an impact on the pedal to provide a truly large range from fuzz to metal distortion. Compared to other distortion pedals, it really fails in this regard. However, if used as a fuzz pedal instead, it truly shines, since this is really what it is. Does it have distortion? Yes. Is it valuable as such? Not in my opinion. It isnt condensed enough to be used strictly as that. Another gripe I have is the 9 volt slot. Most pedals use a universal design which allows you to use almost any power supply. Not so with this pedal. You are pretty much relegated to their own adapter or batteries, which sux IMO, especially since I run all my pedals off an adapter chain.Anyways, while this is fun to play with, you should definitely consider the sound you are going for. If you prefer to play a more grungy or 70's era metal, then this will work for you. For more crisp sound, you should look elsewhere. IMO
I love adding channels to amps, and that is exactly what this pedal does. It helped me create a separate fuzz/distortion channel that makes my rig extra versatile. It's built to last and solid as a rock. I love the different dirt it gets combined with my MXR Carbon Copy nooned across the board. Insanity! I love my main rig distortion, but this definitely helps add depth, and doesn't tank my tone. Last distortion pedal you'll ever need.
Tried it, didn't like it, returned it. Just not my cup of tone, that's all. I have more use for an overdrive.
