I bought this for a practice amp for my bass guitar. It showed up on amazon when I was doing a search for "Bass Guitar amps", other regular guitar amps were not showing up so I was curious about it. After a bit of searching online to see if a guitar amp would work for practice situations, I thought I would give it a try because some people say yes, others said no. I wanted to test for myself. While I did get sound and was able to practice, it didn't have anywhere close to the tone I was hoping for. So I ended up returning it the next day. I'm not upset about the amp itself, just that it shows up as a bass amp off the search, which is the only reason I gave it a shot. For a regular guitar, this would be fine but not bass. I which they would take bass out of the key words or whatever was in there to trigger this to show up. I was in the market for a practice amp for under $100 and was hopeful, but what I ended up doing was buying a used Acoustic B20 1X12 Bass Combo Amp for the same price as this new practice amp and I am a lot more satisfied. Again, this review is strictly on the aspect of a bass guitar, not regular guitar.
If you're a metalhead, STAY AWAY!! I tried this on multiple metal pedals and the peavey Rogue G10 blows it out of the water. This thing sounds like CRAP with anything distortion. It's GREAT for jazzy blues and an ultra clean tone though or that classic fender crunch. But if you demand metal, get far away!
Should have paid the extra $40 and bought the Mustang - oh well. The amp has light sound and not much control. Good for my small space though.
This is a cool little amp for practicing in a small room or playing to a small group of people.It produces some nice warm tones and can get loud enough for jamming with but is good if you don't want to be too loud. It has a headphone jack also. I like this so much I might experiment with miking it for gigs, never thought I would say that about a 10 watt.Fender choose quality over bells and whistles with this one. There is an overdrive on/off button with adjustable gain, volume control and a simple treble/bass equalizer. Other then that it is all rock. Physically it is built strong too.
For the money, this thing sounds just fine. I got it for my son to toy around with. He barely ever uses it, but the times it's been plugged in, it puts out pretty good sound for the price.
I recently bought this for my first electric guitar and I thoroughly enjoy it. It has a lot of power and noise behind it. It is a little starter amp, just in case the picture was a little deceiving. I cranked it up quite loud and it produces clean sound without terrible distortion. With distortion, it sounds great. It is a solid piece of work, and it makes a great practice amp and possibly a great starter amp.
Exactly what I needed for testing guitars and playing at home.  Same as what comes with epiphone bundles but with fender on it
This Fender amp is the perfect size to practice or take along. It sounds great and I like the headphone and MP3 player hookups. Good value.
