I tried another mini-amps but all sounds like toys. This is totally different, it's the real thing. Made of wood, very good looking and powerfull sound. The only thing I don't like is that it's hard to get clean tones from it, and with a Les Paul it's harder, beside that, it's perfect.
I have not tested other micro amps, this does for what I bought it for, to practice at home or anywhere without disturbing and easy transport, it's very portable to take with you. I really like the overdrive sound, the tuner works really well, I dont like much the clean channel it breaks up fast to a not so clean channel, but overall its a great product, so if you need a good tone, and a very portable micro amp you can give this one a try, it's great.
I've been a musician for most of my life, playing primarily keyboards recently in the studio and with bands, saxophone and a little bass guitar. I've owned a six string guitar for 20+ years that has seen very little use. I had this misconception that my hands &#34;just weren't designed to play guitar&#34;. But recently my life changed a little bit. I have a young boy that's now master of my universe, a lot less room to leave musical gadgets lying about, and I now live in an apartment building where making a lot of noise tends to be frowned upon.I picked up this Micro Crush because I was originally looking for a micro Marshall and I saw this pop up. I knew I already liked the sound of Orange amps (better than Marshall given my druthers of musical taste) and for $69 it seemed like not much of a reach to try it out for myself.Shortly after a small package of value came to me with this charmingly tiny amp in it. My son's mom thought it was a toy &#34;it's so small!&#34; Yes you might think so until you plug it in. The idea here is to sound loud without being loud. This amp is perfect for that.Most of the time I have this thing turned up to about 1, 1 1/2, rarely up to 2 or beyond. I've got a simple effect chain going in: EH Soul Preacher (compressor/sustainer) -&#62; MX Analog delay -&#62; Cheap (but pleasant) Chinese Phaser -&#62; EH Holy Grail -&#62; Amp. I use this as my &#34;clean&#34; sound without the overdrive. It is beautiful. A little Dick Dale-ish. Then when I want a little edge I turn off the phaser and delay and turn on the overdrive. Maybe nudge down the volume a little more and I can rock AC/DC licks at midnight without raising complaints from the neighbors. And it sounds ... BIG!No this is not the same as actually BEING loud. For one thing your ears won't ring. The cops won't come knocking to serve a noise complaint. Knickknacks will remain on their knickknack shelves.  The dogs won't howl.But should you desire to rock out at midnight in your apartment building this amp fits the bill.So much so that I, the man with the hands &#34;just not made for guitar&#34; now have guitar callouses, a lust after a couple $1.5-$2k guitars one of which will soon come home with me and frankly a love for playing the guitar that I never had before in my life. This all because I can just set up my little rig next to the couch and it's always there. Always ready to go. So I play while I'm watching football or baseball. I play while I'm watching the news. I play while I'm playing Crazy 8's with my son. I play morning, noon and night. Not only that but I'm actually getting to be not-that-bad at playing either. Lots of playing/practice seems to inevitably make on better (hint: do those finger exercises too, they work).So I am not exaggerating when I reiterate my headline: this little amp changed my life (for the better).Best buy for under $100 I've made since I bought my son his Strider balance bike. Which is orange too!
This Orange Micro Crush amp lives up to it's name. It's little bitty, about a third the size of the Roland Micro Cube, but it's plenty loud. Surprisingly loud really, it's amazing that much sound comes out of that thing. Of course it doesn't have all the bells and whistles of the Micro Cube, it's basically got a clean channel, an overdrive channel and a tuner. Then a volume knob a tone knob and that's it. The over drive gives a good sound but I like to run pedals through it anyway. It's missing reverb, which I would like to have, but it's far from a deal breaker.I have no issues with the build quality, it feels solid as a rock. Of course it's size and trademark Orange color make it look like a toy, it's definitely a capable little amp. Definitely a keeper!
I was surprised at the sound that this amp produces.  The build quality is top notch.  Tuner is right on, overdrive seems fine.  I'm not an overdrive player.Cons: so far none and I don't expect any.
