None of the problems on/off that plague the Cry Baby.  Better sound too!  People are sold on that because of its association with Hendrix.  But THIS is the original, and the best.  Obligatory.
Well long story short this is my fourth Vox wah. Others have come and gone, some have been around longer than others but this one is the newest so im still working with it. sounds like the classic v847 but has the ac plug on it, that will come in handy. not as versatile as the JS big bad wah but far less complex and less likely to have issues with dust and dirt. it has a wide sweep and killer tone but im still looking for that sweet spot that gives that wah'o sound when doing solo work. so far so good not perfect but good.
When its about wah effects I'm too careful cuz not all brands make it well. When I found this one I can be shure that there is no more wah sound out there, crunchy, warm and with the clarity of this... I prefere vox in wah effects, and this its a great choice and its too cheap for the quality you get!! 100% happy with this... Recommended!! :)
I just got this and I've noticed that it when I activate the pedal it sucks almost all of the bottom end out of my tone... I have a crybaby that doesn't have the range the 847 does but its 10x's more transparent.  There may be other factors at play here as it is new, but the lesson is: try it before you just buy it to make sure it works for you.
I was amazed by the quality of construction of this item. It looks like it can put a dent in a car or break windows.The chrome on the sides looks very cool. Makes it look really smart.The battery installs easily by simply unscrewing the rubber feet at the bottom.The sound of this wah is pretty much exactly like Hendrix Clapton from the sixties. Its a wah and wah and does just that.I tried it on both clean and distorted sounds and it sounds great on both.I'm not sure if its a true bypass but I have a feeling it is. Because when its switched on without the battery there's no sound coming from it. Correct me if I"m wrong.It's different sounding from the Crybaby wah. You should listen to both to know which is right for you. I wanted the "Tales of Brave Ulysses" sound so I went with this.
