These days on my pedal board I have several MXR Micro pedals...They have slowly earned their way on the board and eventually pushed some expensive boutique pedals into early retirementThe MXR Mirco Chorus is a perfect "One Trick Pony" it does one thing beautifully and simply - and that one thing is create a soft velvety chorus effect with good chime tones - when I activate the MXR Custom Comp pedal in conjunction with the MXR Micro Chorus I can easily copy the Andy Summers Police sound and a few other notable chorus stylesNote:It works great with distortion and with clean compressionI never have to bend over and adjust a bunch of NOBS in the dark - simply control the one speed NOB with my foot (on the fly quite simply)Presently I use these MXR products:The MXR Custom Comp = I highly recommend this very subtle very professional compression pedal (read any review of this pedal you'll see why)The MXR Micro Flanger = Easy, sounds amazing, never have to bend over and fiddle with it, does Jet airplane to subtle wavesThe MXR Micro Chours = Easy soft sounding with good chime - never have to bend over and fiddle with it - simple foot controlAnd the old standard (Ive had this since the 1980's) the MXR Phase 45 - simply the best phase pedal ever made - and I've tried them all
I've been using MXR Micro Chorus for over 30+ years.  They just don't get any better than MXR.  Might be a little old fashioned, but . . . You get what you pay for.  And the sound . . . Wellllllllllll, just give it a try.  You'll love it.  Best, Doc
Excellent pedal, I love this chorus... It is perfect to me...the effect is really great... MXR has a very good quality
Well worth the [...] bucks i paid. Analog with true bypass. Easy to use with one knob. And has nice high quality chorus effect. MXR built like a tank. Works with my Boss DS1 AC adapter too.
Very nice tone and effect for a one knob pedal. If all you need is a simple chorus effect this will satisfy.
This is a super easy to use pedal. You just choose the speed of the chorus effect and the rest of the parameters are preset. Don't worry they sound great for that classic chorus sound. If you really want to be able to tweak everything, then get the MXR Analog chorus instead. It has about six knobs. I like the ease of use on this one, and I omly use chorus sparingly. Another cool feature of MXR pedals is the rubber knob cover that comes with it. It allows you to adjust the chorus rate with your foot.
I was very excited to try this pedal when it finally arrived. Just to find out it WASN'T WORKING!!! it is defective, and because i brought it to Mexico, now i can't get a refund or a replacement.I will try to fix it through some local electrician or something. Very dissapointing!
This is a simple analog chorus.  Its straight forward and perfect for any board, and guitarist, that needs a little chorus from time to time, like myself.
