Works well and has some nice features for extra tuning help. Comparing it to my old BOSS TU-12 dedicated guitar tuner, this works just as good.
I chose a 5 star rating, because i've simply never owned a tuner of this high quality in my lifetime. This tuner blows away my old 'Guitar Professor-Qwik Tune' Tuner. This tuner gives unbeatable performance therefore the price is justified in my opinion.
I ordered TM50BK unit but after a couple of delays with my local delivery agent, decided to buy a unit locally which turned out to be the Korg Beat Boy.The Beat Boy is everything that this unit is and then some. In addition to the metronome and tuner, it has a record function and drum tracks, in all 100 different patterns. The units have an almost identical front panel with the metronome patterns in with the drum options, the extra buttons for the record and an external mic for acoustic instruments.Had I seen the Beat Boy first, I would have ordered it instead as I was looking for a drum machine anyway. The functions which are shared between the 2 units work really well, the tuner is accurate and fast, and can't fault the metronome.I will probably keep the TM50BK as a spare, but I'm also glad my local shippers have prolonged the wait. If you just want a metronome and tuner, this is a fine unit, but if you're considering a drum machine too, look at the Beat Boy before making any decisions.
I started to play the violin a few months ago.  When I got my violin, I purchased the Korg CA1 Chromatic Tuner thinking I would not need a metronome.  The Korg CA1 also cost slight less.  However, now my instructor is having me work on scales using a metronome.  She has the Korg TM40 metronome.  I opted to purchase the newer model Korg TM50PW Instrument Tuner and Metronome.  It is great.  Based on my experience, unless you are sure you do not need a metronome, I would recommend everyone purchased the TM40 or TM50 (just in case) instead of the CA1.
I play using this device. It is portable, so I always have it with me. I tune the A to 432, and this works well for that. Has a tuner and a metronome. What's not to love. Best to carry a cable to plug into the guitar, unless you are in a quiet area. It is sensitive, and will pick up ambient sounds to give false readings. This is a good thing: it's sensitive.
