The strings have a nice feel to them.Used the to replace factory strings on a recent guitar purchase.They improved the action considerably.
good stuff
These are great strings.  I thought the bullet end was BS hype, but I really think it makes the string stronger and the sound clearer. And even if that is my rusty ears lying to me, I can say with conviction that they definitely fit better with my G&L Legacy guitars - regular strings had the little extra wind from the ball end coming right up to the saddle in some cases - these solve that problem.
I use these strings for my Telecasters and I have to say the tone is wonderful, beside they last for weeks without turning a different color because of the use. Very bright and really convenient for the looks of the guitar.
With a twang twing twong nothing wrong... gotta love these strings that just wanna sing.
I am revising my previous review on the 3250L's...I have now only had these on my American Stratocaster for two weeks.  I loved them so much at first that I ordered 5 other sets and restrung several of my other Strats and other guitars.BIG mistake.  Why am I so impatient?These were unbelievable right out of the box, bring my Strat to life, giving it an unbelievable feel and sound.But, with every positive, there's usually a negative....and wait for it.....wait for it...yup, there was.I changed pickguards only two weeks after installing this on my Strat and noticed all three smaller strings. G,B &E; were all flat on the fret side.  They were already worn out.  I suspected something as the sound had changed already too, becoming flat after only about a week.This is NOT mu only guitar, I now have 17 total and rotate playing so I bet I hadn't played the Strat for more than6 hours or so.Now, I'm so disappointed.  I'm going to step up to the 250's, then the 150 if I have to.  I love the sound but don't want to change strings every week.To make a long story short, I wouldn't buy these again unfortunately and the search goes on for the perfect set of strings.
These are great strings and were my favorite until I found Fender Pure Nickel strings.  Some may like the sound of these some may like the Pure Nickel
I've been a Fender player since I first picked up the guitar. I've used different strings from D'Darrio to Ernie Ball and now I always use Fender strings. For Stratocasters I always use Super Bullets and for Telecasters I use Super 250s. The only difference between the two is the bullet end vs a ball end on the 250s. The bullet end is designed to give you better tuning stability with the tremolo on a Strat. I don't use the tremolo very much so I don't know how critical it really is for me but since the super bullets cost the same as the super 250s I figure I might as well get the ones that are designed for the Strat. Also, these are the OEM strings that Fender installs at the factory so you can't go wrong with that. I highly recommend them.
Having trouble with my usual D'Adderio strings I decided to go back to the a well known brand.  These are solid strings that never let me down.  They go in tune and stay in tune.  I just wish they had a little bit slinkier feel to them.
Great strings! Used them for years -- always loved them. Put them on an Eric Johnson strat. Wouldn't use anything low quality for that guitar.
I have been buying this string for many years and will continue to do so john  View tips and guidelines | Headline & 20 more words required.///
I put these on my instruments with the confidence that they will sound as expected each time. Great strings and great value
Theses strings really have a good tone and tremolo stability greatly improves!!! The heavy bottons 32, 42 and 52 adds a BOOM in the tone. The others, 10, 13 and 17 are nicely and decent tone also. I don't rate it 5 stars for the lack of VCI. When i opened the pack there were no plastic anti corrosion protection. The high strings were plenty of flakes. If fender solved that it would be perfect.
These seem to be quite well constructed electric guitar strings which I will appreciate for a long while.  Rock On!
I had an issue with my new Squire Guitar, and Fender hooked me up with a set of these.  The String Ends have a Cylindrical or Bullet Shaped end, rather then the typical small loop.  The theory is that the larger bullet end makes better contact in the tremolo cavity.  I say they sound great and are worth trying.  I just order 3-packs so I can have some on hand.
Thsese are the perfect size for my Jazzmaster.  Too bad the seem to get dirty so quickly.  Maybe my hands are just sweaty
These strings sound super awesome! I'm not sure what the engineering specifics are, but if your looking for responsive, easy on the fingers strings with nice bendability and sustainability, these puppies won't let you down.
the strings are very comfortable on the fingers and sound pretty good the bullet ends work well with the trem on my axe
These were the strings I started on a year ago ,and have tried a few different brands in this time frame. They hold up IMO as well or better than most brands I've tried ,especially for the price. I probably change my strings more than necessary so I have gravitated to finding the lowest price strings of at least decent quality. These fit that requirement well.
