These strings I put on my Taylor GA4E.  They had a very nice and balanced mids and highs.  These strings fit very nicely for a acoustic guitarist that is playing with a bassist and supporting instruments.  These strings fill and fit the acoustic spectrum nicely.  Nice mids and ringing highs.  Not a lot of bass.  But very nice balance as I said.  YMMV.
I started experimenting on strings, I'll try using bronze strings. I noticed when I was using the phosphor bronze, after a while it started to sound dull. When I switched to bronze it sounded better and lasted longer. I decided I would use bronze strings for my acoustic guitar for most of the time. I would recommend others to try it!
Tried D'Adario EJ36 Extra Light 12-string set on my Eko Ranger XII 12-string acoustic, and the EJ11 Light 6-string set on my Takamine.  No trouble stringing or tuning either set.  With the 0.012-0.53 Light weight strings I tuned a full note lower than normal to ease string tension, and they still sound fine.  Good acoustic, but a rather strong metalic, sound with a nice "ring", and notably more metalic than the EJ15 Phosphor Bronze strings.  Sound does deaden over time, as expected, but I especially noticed deadening on the high E and B non-wound strings, losing some of their "ring".  (Tried Elixir's for better longevity, but they did not sound as good to me as these D'Adario's.)
I bought these strings to replace the strings on my Hofner acoustic. The gauge is pretty good for a deeper tone. I might try a lighter set next time, but these have a good clear tone from low to high, and are fairly comfortable.
These and Reds are my favorite acoustic strings. These are a little brighter than Reds and are best for live playing. The strings are well made and I've never had an issue with quality.
80/20 strings "blend" really well on my cheap Jasmine guitar. They improve the bass and do not emphasize the tinny sound that inexpensive plywood guitars often exhibit. Phosphor Bronze were way too bright on the Jasmine. 80/20 is good choice for a guitar that needs smoothing out. They did nothing to help my over-braced 1970 Gibson J-50, though. Phosphor Bronze strings are required to give that old box some snap.
Have been using these for years on my acoustic guitar ... like them and never an issue ...nice bright tone & and last a.good long while.
First time I ordered these was in a larger order, and Amazon forgot to put them in the box. Oops! I contacted their customer support people and they overnighted me a replacement set of strings at no extra charge. Thank you, Amazon!I like the tone of D'Addario's 80/20 bronze strings. I've been playing more bluegrass-y guitar lately, so I've switched to mostly using phosphor bronze, but these strings have a great warmth that I really enjoy. I also notice that electronic tuners have a much easier time picking up the notes from the 80/20 strings.Amazon has the best price on these, and they're inexpensive enough that I can afford to change strings whenever I feel like it. I like their tone, and they react well with my skin chemistry so they last a long time.
Sound can be subjective and strings are a matter of debate that can go on forever.  Usually I wouldn't notice a significant difference between brands (except for any coated string that all sound like crap to my ears) but when I put D'addarios on my 000 I just couldn't believe the improvement over the Martins.  It took dozens of string changes and gage experiments but now its clear.  These consistently sound the most balanced and responsive... With the crisp clear highs that my guitar lacks when strung with anything else.I'm glad the search is over for awhile and I have a solid sweet baseline to experiment from here!
I love these strings...they sound awesome on my acoustic. However, they do not last long, but that is the price you pay for a good sound. Not strings recommended for beginners, due to the bigger gauge.
I bought a case of these.  I can't handle #12 strings and the sound of #10 is terrible.  I prefer #12 strings for finger picking but they hurt my hands.  not the fingers but the hand and wrists, so .011 strings are what I use.  I am not sure if they get dirty and get corrosion but they are my main strings and I love the low price too!!
I have many so-called travel size acoustic guitars and have changed out all of the over sized strings that were installed on them (typically 12-54's) with these 10-47's (or 11-52's for beefy 7/8 and 3/4 scale guitars) in all cases, has brought the smaller guitars from duds to nice playing instruments.Three radical samples come to mind: On an old 1931 Gibson L1, the 12-54's pulled the bridge out.On an SX Traveler, you could not hear the Low E until I got rid of the 12-54's.On my Lil Martin, the lower bout started to delam under the pressure of the bridge pull.Short scale acoustic guitars are someplace between a full size acoustic and a Ukulele and in most cases are not set up for heavier gauge strings (even though the manufacturers insist on delivering them this way) due to their short scales, small frets, and light construction.If you can't hear the low E, or you are having problems fretting your strings, try these, what can it hurt?
