I have two of these now, and they may be my favorite. Had another brand that stopped working and replaced with this. The other one was not "bad", i lasted probably 10 years. What else to say? It's a sustain pedal and it's a good price and free shipping in most cases.
This pedal is outstanding for the price.  The feel is great and it doesn't move at all when you put it down on the floor.  The only thing I disliked was that it doesn't support "half dampening" like most of the higher end pedals around this price range.I got this for Christmas of 2007 and it is still going strong used every day in my recording studio.Great product
Works great.  I have the same effect on my 49 Alesis midi keyboard as I do with my more expensive Yamaha keyboard which has a sustain pedal.  Chrome is great quality and it has good weight so it's not tinny.
ino...u wana buy one of those 9.99 cheap pedals from ebay n the likes right?...NOPE!...cause when yeh doits gonna flak out after about the 10th push you do on it!!! Listen to the Voice of Experience grrr....hahahthese pedals are frikn TANKS heavy duty all the way and have a polarity switch [and yeh there's alota keyboards out thereu gota have that perc...It's worth it...just suck it up n get the thing and if you still need a momentary dsp switch then buy the lil 9.99 jobbut only use it in life or death situations..hahah [they have a really cheap plastic switch thats destined to die no matter what..at least the previous 2 i bought did...*ouch...* so is that like 20 hail mary's for that confession????.......
Just got mine - fast shipping from amazon thank you :)It has a great weight to it very similar to a real piano.  I was a little lost when i plugged it into my Yamaha S90ES - similar to the newer versionYamaha S90XS 88-key Balanced Weighted Hammer Action synth(I SHOULD OF READ THE DIRECTIONS ON THE BOX)  - the polarity needed to be changed on the pedal found on the back!woops - i was in constant sustain there for a minute - scared me that my pedal was broken.anyways it instantly makes my awesome electronic keyboard sound so much like a real deal pricey piano!awesome!
I was looking for a sustainer pedal for my m-audio keyboard to use with garageband and found this so I bought it and it works great does exactly what it says it does and Actually looks cool. It's an amazing tool for keyboard player. Highly Recommended.
fist off, guitar center had this for 29 bucks!!! I KNOW RIGHT. It was in front of the tag for this (30 bucks) and the sp-1 for 14.99 so I got it, but it was in the wrong spot, I went, got the price tag, and after minimal drama, they gave it to me for the price they had it INCORRECTLY listed.that said, the pedal is great. The problem people have with the pedal, as I can see it, if they say it or not, is that some sounds DON'T HAVE THE SAME SUSTAIN AS A PIANO OR SYNTH SOUND. It has been fun playing organ sounds and trying to "pump the pedal" to keep sustain and not "wash out" the tone. this thing is great and if anyone needs a pedal for their synth (I have a casio wtk-4200 I believe), it is as good as you need. As said, any over-sustaining is when you need to learn when and where to release and start the sustain again, which is the true art of it. 30 bucks? robbers.
I've used this pedal with a Casio PX200 keyboard for about 6 weeks now.Pros:-Sturdy construction (compared with the plastic footswitch type pedals that come with keyboards).-Polarity switch - I was using a Yamaha FC4 with an older keyboard, but the FC4 does not work properly with the Casio keyboards.  It's a tip-negative polarity, and the Privia requires a tip-positive polarity.  So the piano would operate in reverse (sustain on until the pedal is depressed).  Thankfully, the SP-2 has a switch on the bottom that can switch and accomodate any keyboard.-Cord is long enough (6')Con:-Build quality is slightly less than the FC4.  The FC4 has a smooth action (made in Japan), but the SP-2 had some problems with the metal spring squeaking.  Some lubricant helped to fix most of the squeaking.The SP-2 also comes with a plastic cap if you prefer to cover the metal pedal.  Overall, it is a solid product and almost a necessary upgrade for the plastic footswitch pedals.
Wonderful, piano feel, piano action. Will partly sustain if pressed late or let go and reapplied briefly, i didn't even think my keyboard was up to that sort of responsivness (cheapo Yamaha). This is the only pedal you should buy unless you need all three. I am a future M Audio customer from here on.
This pedal is very nice. It looks much more expensive than the actual price and works great. You can just plug it into your keyboard and play. It works very well.
I had to send my first one back. The second one is working fine so far. I've noticed it works better with some DAWs than others, also. If you are having problems with it, it could be you DAW software. It works great with Reaper.
I bought this for my M-Audio keyboard but it also works equally well with my Casio Lighted Keyboard.Just be sure that your keyboard has a sustain pedal connection.This is a very heavy duty unit that feels and operates exactly like the sustain peddle on a piano.
I bought this sustain pedal for my iRig Keys Midi Controller, I had an On Stage pedal (square), but that was crap. This M-Audio is awesome, it doesn't move from where I put it on the floor, it sustains the note how it supossed to, and it feels very well. So far it's still working, and it has a switch button to use with any keyboard. I would buy it again!!
I recently picked up a used Casio Privia PX-320 and it had a cheesy, little square sustain pedal that slipped around and had a terrible feel. I heard that Casios were finicky about third party pedals, but purchased this anyway.  It worked (I needed to set the polarity switch on this pedal to open).It also worked perfectly on my Roland RD-300NX, but I expected that. What I love about this pedal is it has a fantastic feel that rivals a real piano, and is the equal to the feel of my expensiveRoland RPU-3.One main reason why I gave this five stars in addition to the compatibility is it's built to last. It's heavy, all metal exterior except for the bottom pad, and has a six foot cable that allows you to place it practically anywhere. Plus the price is right. In fact, the entire package is impressive when I compared it to other models that I considered. And it's light years ahead of the OEM pedals that Casio ships with their Privia keyboards.
If you are looking for a sustain pedal, this is it. Built solid, feels like it could withstand a good beating, which is good since my teen is using it. Not complaints, just works and is reasonably priced.
well made, works like a charm and felt like it was made with quality material and not made of cheap parts and plastic.
a well built pedal of good quality, with enough weight to keep the body stable, and a good &#34;middle of the travel&#34; execution point for sustain.  With the correct keyboard, the pedal will also allow for half pedaling.**very important to someone who has keyboards from multiple manufacturers, especially older models; this pedal does has a switch to allow for polarity adjustment (for most newer keyboards this doesn't matter, as polarity can be edited globally, or, alternatively, polarity is sensed on startup so long as the pedal is plugged in)  Some other pedals, particularly those from name manufacturers, will only work with some keyboards.  That said, I feel this M-audio compares favorably to it's most visible competition, Yamaha's FC4 offering.  The Yamaha pedal is a bit heavier, which I do like and subjectively implies better quality, but, in reality, the Yamaha did not last under the same circumstances, breaking down and needing a spot repair after a year on the road.  Last,  the Yamaha FC4 does not have the half pedaling option or polarity switch, making this M-audio pedal a great all around option.In my case, this pedal has been on the live stage, unpacked and packed, tossed around a fair bit, for 2 1/2 years with no problems.
This pedal works like a charm.  Stays in place and works as de.scribed.  I would buy this again if I needed to replace it
Works great - very good feel - we have it on carpet and it works well on the carpetMy wife loves it - if I needed two I would buy another
There isn't much to say other than if you are a keyboardist, and are in need of a durable, high quality sustain pedal, BUY THIS PEDAL!
You don't really need an expensive sustain pedal unless you're a concert pianist playing on a $10k keyboard- nuff said.
This pedal has a solid feel under my foot and gives me the 'push-back' I expect when playing live gigs.  Always welcomed is the fact is stays in place where I put it on both wood or carpeted surfaces.
I bought 2 of these as controllers for my Alesis drum machine. One starts/stops the drum pattern and the other triggers the fill and change pattern from A to B. These things stay put and work every time.
Beautiful pedal, nice chrome foot piece, weighted so as to have a substantial feel, quiet, and rubber bottom so as not to slip around.  An all-around solid purchase for the low price I found on Amazon.  Love it.
