I use these strings on most of my acoustic guitars, except for the smaller Takamine New Yorker and A&L; Ami (I use the D'Addario custom lights).  I have grown a fondness for the Phosphor Bronze strings because of the perfect balance between the warm full sound with strumming and bright tones when picking.  ALso, the brightness is retained longer than other bronze and brass alloys I've tried, such as Martins and Elixirs.  These strings are quite durable and long-lasting.  In the 10 years I've been playing, I've never had these strings break on me (I've broken Martin and Elixir strings in the past).  The color-coded end balls help with the restringing.  I typically get the three-pack so I can restring a trio set of my herd at a time.  I really can't complain about anything.The individual gauges are: .012, .016, .024w, .032w, .042w, .053wHighly recommended.
I was an Ernie Ball guy for a long time. But I was getting pissed because the Ernies kept corroding so quickly. So I tried these, and they seem to hold up better. There are coated strings that will last longer, but I don't like spending so much on strings. And of course, they sound excellent too. Stock up!!
They are easier to play on the the medium gauge strings that came with my guitar. I am a beginner so although they still hurt my fingers they were an improvement. They also have a pretty color to them, and the ends of the strings (the ones that go in the holes during installation) are color coded and come with a chart, which makes things easy.
I've use these strings for years. I play often and like to change strings often. I can do it without breaking the bank and they hold up well for many practices and gigs. They hold tune very we (at least on my guitar) indoors and out. I'd highly recommend them.
My guitar originally came with D'Addrio exp and they sounded good. I replaced them with Elixir nanoweb coated strings and they also sounded good, but the finish was wearing fast. This time I got a 3 pack of EJ16-3d light. The were easy to put on and have held up well other than tarnishing quickly.But the sound is the problem. It's terrible. They sound very muddy. Crisp tone distinction is just not there. I thought light would be the better route, but now I'm not sure. I purchased some others to try. Also, since a purchased a 3 pack. I may just change the strings completely again to see If I just have some dead strings.
These were the same strings originally strung on my Godin Seagull, and I absolutely love their sound, feel, and durability. The one reason I actually needed them because my G string broke while I was tuning too fast. The sound is almost identical to what D'Addario describes, these strings have a great, uplifting sound to them, hard to soft strums. Playing feels great with them, nothing out of the ordinary either strumming or the fretboard feel, clean and smooth. When replacing, I ran into no problems, quick and easy. I love the strings and their price, definitely will stick with this brand as well.
These strings from D'Addario are a personal favorite of mine. I love the EJ16 light gauge for their size and ease of use. I think the light gauge is a nice size that won't hurt your fingers, or put undue stress on your guitar. Not only that, but they sound great. Not too big or not too small! I have plenty of volume and drive for bluegrass. I love how they color code their strings on the "ball ends". To me this makes it much easier when changing strings. You don't have to worry about mixing up your strings. I've also had no problem with the fit; unlike some brands. Give these a try. I think you'll be satisfied.
Only issue they break easily. But they last a long time and sound great. Well worth the money. Crisp and fresh tone for a long time.
These are the only strings I use on my acoustic/electric. Love the sealed bags to keep the air tight seal. Prefer the Extra lights.
I brought this set beasue one of the strings broke on the kid size guitar, and I also wanted to have backup strings.  I haven't tried many different strings.  I have used the strings (D'addario EXP) that came with on my Takamine GS330S, and it's been good for year+. IIf the strings break, I will try this one GS330S as well.  Over all, I think D'addario is great for warm balance tones. After the strings were set and "stretch" for few days playing, it stays in tune.  The strings were set for more than 6 months, they still are playable, and the sounds are okay on kid size guitar.  I don't think there will be any problem if the strings are on my GS330S.  I'm happy with the purchase and the quality of the strings.
These sound great and last a long time for me.  Plus, they're reasonably priced.  Put 'em in your case and don't be unprepared.  I like squirrels.
I play resonator guitars open tuned. These are the only strings that hold up well to the tension of an open &#34;A&#34; tuning. I recently tried multiple other brands and gauges (almost every B string snapped / to C#) only to come back to these... Only wish they came in packs of 10 cause I go through about three sets a month (3 guitars)
Strings, they're all I use on my acoustic.  These custom light strings in particular give me the sound I wanted from my guitar.
Great guitar string at a reasonable price. I highly recommend these acoustic strings, they are also available in light or heavy guageif you prefer. I like the EJ 17 medium string for my rhythm acoustic guitar.
.... I'm going back to what works best for me, Martin SP custom light. While the packaging (sealed) for each set is a good thing and also the individual color coding of each string, I do prefer Martins',
It is fine strings,i couldn't really find difference between martin m140maybe its just me, i expected more than that!its just regular strings
I wasn't expecting much for the price but have to admit I'm very pleased with the tone these strings produce straight out of the package. After several hours of play and 2 tunings, they're spot on and sound sweet as cream butter. Great product and very highly recommend
i have tried the other brands of strings, and this is the other brand i consistently buy! its smooth to use and the sound is superb!
Well made. Enjoyable to play. Stay in tune well. The sound is clear and warm on my Yamaha and my Martin. Right now I am experimenting with different strings so I cant say if they are better than others. I personally like the sound better than the Martin ESs I have tried but that is a personal choice. Let your guitar be the judge.
These D'Addario Medium Acoustic Guitar Strings come as individually packaged sets of three, with the necessary six strings in each set. Being new to guitars, we had no idea how often the strings would need to be replaced so this three pack seemed like a good starting point.The strings are good quality, produce accurate tones (according to our auto-tuner), and have held up well.Highly RecommendedCFH
I can now say I have used several others - coated Martins, flat wounds, smooth wounds, EXP, Elixir, etc. These are pretty cheap and sound like a million bucks. Their tone is slightly bright but not as &#34;harpsichord&#34; as the EXP. I am done experimenting. These are the strings for Takamine guitars.
I thought it was a good deal when I saw the original price, the discount stated it was $8 off. Instead it was only $2 cheaper than buying at my local music store. Other than the price, the strings work great on my guitar. Sounds amazing. I'll definitely be buying more of these.
I prefer the light strings but you have to allow them to stretch a little or you might break on when changing. The lighter the less tension you should use. I love the price and they last me quite a while.
This gauge is perfect for my 1970 Gibson J-50. The phospher-bronze alloy wrap brings out hidden tonal "snap" in this old, rather heavily-braced guitar. The may be too bright for a lighter instrument, but they really shine on my old guitar.
I will keep this short.  The price is unbelievable, it's nice to have three sets in a box and these are the best acoustic strings on the market.  That's only my opinion and everyone has one......so many will disagree.I have an regular acoustic and an acoustic electric and strung both with these strings.  It made each guitar sound like a 3 thousand dollar guitar.  I find that most inexpensive guitars have cheap strings, most can be vastly improved with something as simple as new strings.  I really believe in these strings.  When I find a good thing, I am hooked and I will not use anything BUT these on anything acoustic.  On a guitar, strings are everything.  The tone feel and bend is what's important.  These are very light and VERY easy on the fingers, unlike clunky stock strings on most acoustics.  I guess they think you need big, think strings to produce volume....not so.  Some will disagree saying they break if they're too thin.  I would rather have a shorter life with strings, getting a pure beautiful, rich sound than have a long lasting flat string.  My thick stock strings were killing my fingers.  These are effortless to play and sound so sweet and mellow, just like an acoustic should sound.Again, someone will chime in and bash me for saying this...but I would put my inexpensive Yamaha up against guitars costing 10 times what I paid.  I have no plans of changing brands now I've made the string switch.  Some say thin strings break easily, but you should change strings often anyway.  I can do a string change-over in about 15 minutes on a bad day.  It's worth the effort.  I don't plan on hammering my acoustic anyway.  That's what the Fender is for.  AND it's not that I'm cheap either.  I own 18 guitars, 16 of which are electrics.  3 Gibson Les Paul's, 2 Fender Strats (one American) a couple of Dillions (another great find) and some other nice guitars.My Acoustic is just an inexpensive Yamaha 700 but is a very nice guitar for the money.  But after changing the strings it sounds like an expensive Martin.  It didn't take me long to throw a set of these on my acoustic electric and got the same results.5 stars in my book, more if they'd allow that.  There are no other options unless someone gives me a set that blow me away.
Low end made in China dreadnaught acoustic - Bristol - actually sounds somewhat fantastic in terms of low end resonance and sparkling high end.Here's what I've found. The way you string the guitar makes a difference. With practice I've become more proficient.Curve the ball ends for better seating under the bridge plate. Not just a simple bend but kind of bend them over my thumb so they can sort of catch before inserting the bridge pin. Then check with a mirror and flashlight to confirm.I use a locking pattern on the tuning pegs and keep the string quite tight so it loops tightly around the peg.Then I use a microfiber cloth and wipe down each string after each time playing, - use my little finger to hook the cloth under each string and wipe down each length.Try to practice for about an hour daily. The tone as I say is pretty darn good. Played a high end adirondack, rosewood, name brand and was disappointed that it didn't sound that much better to me.
Got the 3 pack and oh what a great difference on me, my guitar, and my sound.I'm a 62 YO newby to guitar!! This proves that easy helps. I have a big baby Taylor and when i needed new strings I went to the wrong place, got Martins installed -- wow did they make a (bad)diference to me.  Sounded like a 1950s monoral record and were really very uncomfortable to play. My friend said that he uses D'Addario and that they make ALL the difference in the world!! Tried them and he was right.  I changed my own (on the big Baby) and the color coding made it really simple to put the right string in the right position (instead of switching the E and B string like the dealer did!) MY Taylor recommends Elixr, but the D'Addarios seem to play with a nicer tone on the Taylor and just as important are easier on the fingers!!
These really sound great on my acoustic flat top guitars. D'Addario's are the best and I love the ball end color coding. No guessing or searching for the vernier caliper to make sure the right string is on the right tuner.This coding system is consistent thru all their string sets. Can't beat this.
have to reorder soon  great strings for the money. I play guitar with a cou[ple of my buddies and they love them too  sound quaility is great
I tried these strings on my Zager guitar.  the are certainly ok and play fine.  they are nothing far and above the original strings provided thru Zager.  just a little cheaper in cost perhaps.  maybe they will last longer.  I had some problem with my original strings as the high strings started to rust in the case due to the humidity I put in there for the guitar wood (I live in hot and very dry Arizona).  these have not rusted, so far.
D'Addario Strings Are Simply The Best!The brightest tone, normal lifespan, fair prices,, and louder than the rest!I have played guitar professionally for over 27 years.These strings are the best all around for tone, clarity, punch and volume.Don't be fooled by strings that may last longer or have coating on them just to sacrifice clear tone.One a side note. I hate their new packaging.They used to wrap them individually in paper sleeves. Then about a decade ago they started winding them individually, but placed them loosely inside a plastic sealed pouch. NOW, they wind up two at a time, and place them inside a plastic pouch. Arrgh!Same great strings and tone, but now you have to unwind them from their &#34;pairs&#34; and lay them out two-at-a-time...kind of aggravating, but NO FRIGGIN' WAY WOULD I EVER USE ANOTHER STRING! - lol!I compared these (and other D'Addario's) to other manufacturers...they were much louder and cleaner.Don't be an idiot. Buy the best all around string and improve your tone immediately.
D'Arrario does sell some fine strings.  While these are not my very, very favorites (strictly because I prefer a slightly lighter gauging on light strings), they still do just fine--much better than some other brands I've tried.  I would not hesitate to buy them again.  Good-sounding and playing all-around strings.
these strings are great with my acoustics-however, lately i've been using electric strings instead. they work well, sound great, and i believe they really compliment my playing.
My favorite strings for 30 years. Have used D'Addario strings since the late 70's. Always a great sound at a great price.
far as i can tell, good strings. They do the job and they feel great. Not much to say...I got exactly what I expected.
Good strings for the price, nice ring to them.  So far they seem to last and were a bit louder than my last strings although they were flat round and did expect them to be very loud.
These are the best strings I've ever put on my guitar, I play a really nice Morgan Monroe Creekside and these strings give it the fullness it deserves. The bright highs, the rich mids, and they bend like crazy when I need them too
I have used all kinds of strings. These are what I use on a regular basis. They work, they sound great, and their longevity is impressive. Most of all, they are cheap.
Excellent strings. Beautiful solid tone and no buzzing.
This is my favorite string to use on all my acoustic instruments.  The strings last a long time, in my opinion.  They keep their bright look and sound, even when my friend with acid for sweat borrows my guitar.I have always liked D'Addario's packaging.  Instead of each string coming in an individual envelope marked with the gauge, D'Addario color codes the ball end of the string -- so the G is green, the low E is brass (I think - I'm doing this from memory), the high E is silver, and so on. I really like that -- there isn't an explosion of paper at a gig when I have to change a string quickly. It's a learning curve -- once you know the system it's great, but the first few times, it's a bit of a hassle to reference the package to find which color string goes where.D'Addario is my favorite string, hands down, after almost 40 years of playing.
I decided to try these mainly due to the fact that I live near the ocean, and thought thermocouple up better. I restrung an electric acoustic with these and it sounds great with or without the amp. I will definitely recommend these.
I've been playing for 40+ years.  I've seen dozens of guitars come and go until I found my 1948 Gibson J-45 and I've tried dozens of types of strings.  Some guitars sound best with Phosphor Bronze.  Some sound best with 80/20s.  I still have an all Koa Martin guitar that is *so* bright that it sounds best with the normally tone-killing Elixir Polywebs. Got a guitar-banjo? Try silk-and-steel or silk-and-phosphor. Trust me.  I've been through my John Pearse phase. Pyramids?  Yep. Tried 'em.  I really liked LaBellas.  The problem was that back when I was using them, they would tarnish in the packaging.  I don't know if that's still the case.Anyway, the bottom line is that D'Addario phosphor bronze are my go to string.  They set the baseline for every guitar I've ever owned.  (Note: That's baseline. In some cases, I've decided something else sounded better.)  For many guitars, including my J-45, there's nothing I've found that I've liked better.Also worth noting:  The string that sounds best depends not only on the particular guitar, but also on the type of pick one uses, the type of music one plays, and the way one approaches the instrument.  The string that's best for bluegrass with a hard attack may not be what's best for delicate finger style.Bottom line: Don't follow leaders.  Watch the parkin' meters.  Experiment.  But, D'Addario PBs are a great place to start.
Bought these to try them out the medium gauge and brand. Mediums too hard on my thin fingers and will stick to light and extra light gauges. The strings were hard to slide, un-slippery, and changing barr chords made so much squeaks I didn't like. Tone is warm but too mellow for my tastes. G-string snapped 2 days later at the windings with the string wounds pried right off :\
I've used these strings for longer than I'd care to admit.  String sound is a personal thing.  These work better for me than any others I've tried.  To my ear they have a balanced timbre across the sound spectrum. The five star rating is a reflection of my personal taste. Others may prefer a different sound.
I put these strings on every acoustic I own.  They sound great and are priced right!  You can't go wrong with D'Addario strings!
I played with light acoustic strings for a long time.  I tried these and they make for much easier action.Do you lose tone quality that you would get with heavier strings?  ... maybe, but the tone is still much improved going from old light gauge strings to new extra light strings.I'll probably stick with extra light for awhile.  They sound great to me, and I can play longer without getting sore fingers.
Great strings, fully recommended. I have been playing guitar for about 30 years, I only use D'Addarios & Dean Markleys. Good sound, long lasting.
I'm new to acoustic so I'm not too sure how things go, but from what I have learned from using these pics is that they seem pretty good. A little to thick for my style though. They make a very deep and loud noise. I prefer placing electric strings on acoustic. They sound much better and aren't quite as loud.
If you're a musician, there are those things that you gotta have on a regular basis and for guitar, strings are one of those things. I give these 4 stars rather than 5 just because I know there are better strings out there. However, these ones are great. I like the sound they provide and the price is nice.
I'll be honest, the reason I got these strings is because of the cheap price. I'm a professional bass player who plays guitar for fun only. These seem fine to me. Good tone and they stay in tune.
These strings are both smooth sounding and easy on the fingers.  My acoustic guitars seem to like them too, all except my 12-string. I have not switched form Martin strings on that guitar.
Not onlh are these good for the price, but they have become my new fave.  I switch acoustic strings 3-4 times a month on my 2 main guitars.  I gig 1-2 times a month.  These last long, without compromising the tone.  Great price too!  I tried every brand until I got to these.  Not sure why I did not try them earlier :(.  Probably because I was drinking the Elixir Koolaide.
I really love the fact that they are color coded so you don't mix your strings up and easy on my fingers. I love the price, they are a very good brand and easy to install. Highly recommend
It's D'addario, you can't go wrongGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thanks
These are my go-to acoustic strings.  They are a quality string with great sustain and clarity.  I bought Elixir Nanos to compare, and I did like them, but I think you get more clarity when chording or hammering on with these. I'll be sticking with these for the long run.
Extra Light gives good action for my small guitar. Not so hard on the fingers. Tone is not bad but not same as 11 or 12 gauge.
The strings sound great on my full size acoustic - nice bright, but warm tone, full bodied sound - but not so great on my 3/4 size guitar.
D'Addario ALWAYS puts out a nice product.  The E and B strings never have enough coating, but still.  In comparison to others, they do a good job of getting the music out there in a bright and sustained manner.
This brand has never disappointed me, regardless of the diameter of the strings. To me they just sound complete. Even the light strings don't sound tinny, which amazed me compared to other big names. They complement my Washburns very well. Though they are not top of the line models, I often get compliments like &#34;you're guitars must be expensive judging from the sound alone&#34;. But it's been a trial & error for me. I found that my Washburns sound better with this brand at least as far as my own ears are concerned.
Always buy D'Addario strings for my 7 guitars.  Those strings stay tuned longer and will last me a little longer than others I have tried and believe me when I say that I tried many other types.  They have a great rating from other musicians. ....and the price is very affordable.  Highly recommended by this writer.  It is difficult to discuss taste in guitar strings....it is a bit like discussing our likes in food, musicians, movies....etc.  We all have our likes and dislikes.....For my taste D'Addario EJ16-3D is usually the strings I drift back to whenever I buy strings.  I like their full sound and their lasting tones.
good strings
i love these strings.  i had limited experience selecting strings for my acoustic but as soon as i tried these, i really enjoyed them.  after reading reviews realized i actually made a good purchase.  no desire to test other strings.  especially after this bundle/value.
Arrived beautifully with plenty of time to forward this on to another guitar enthusiest who rarely changes her strings, tune.
I'm going to be honest, I have a cheap guitar. I payed $120 for an Epiphone at my local music store because I just play it recreationally. (Bonfires, sitting around the house, etc..) So I've never really put a nice set of strings on it because I figured strings aren't really going to make THAT much of a sound difference on this guitar, but I was way way way wrong! These strings aren't even that expensive, actually they're only a few more dollars than the usual cheap strings I put on my guitar. Yet, they completely  changed the sound of my guitar and it sounds like I forked over some money for a decent guitar! The strings are high quality and they feel so smooth under my fingertips! I used to play once or twice a week, but I can't help but want to play every single day just to hear these things sing!
DAddario's are my go to strings for my Washburn and Ibanez acoustics.  They sustain well, great tone, tune well, and last for a good while between changes.
I gave these strings a try, but I don't care for them that much. I have always used SP;s or Elixir's, and I don't think that will change after trying these.
I'm enjoying using this priced-right set of strings. I put these strings on my Martin guitar after receiving my new DVD from customerservice@peghead.nl entitled "How to Play Fingerstyle Guitar" by Eltjo Haselhoff, whose preview of this GREAT DVD I found on YouTube. See the preview and look at other Youtube videos of Eltjo - you'll want to order the DVD immediately.
I bought these primarily because they are so cheap. The quality is good I would say - not great, but not terrible either. They sound great for a few weeks but then become very dull. They don't last nearly as long as Elixirs, but then again, they are a lot cheaper than Elixirs. I would recommend these for practice - no gigging with these as the sound isn't quite as crisp as I would think a performer would want. For the price though, it's hard to knock on them too much.
The small e-string and the g- string both broke on the ball end while tuning.  I haven't broke a string while tuning in 20 years, never ever had one break on the ball end.Luckily I bought the three pack.But I can't recommend this product.
Excellent steel guitar strings, each string has a color coded end, each 6-string bag has three bundles of two strings which makes it even easier to figure out which string goes where.  Purchased a 3 set box, and each box was in a seperate sealed bag for freshness.  I went with the mediums.  Try the light if you are a beginner.
I really like these strings. Good sound and the feel is good. Not sure there is much difference in tension of lighter strings, however. I only bought one set, not three sets and have not had to change them yet after three months.
Anyone who plays a lot know that strings are very much a personal thing.  The tonal qualities, weight, feel, materials and all other qualities / variables combine to make strings your very own personal favorite.  For me these strings bring it all together and are my string of choice for all 12 acoustic electrics I use to play what I consider rock ballads using my strumming-style of play.I love the feel and tone of these strings for my style of play and my equipment set-up.  I do have some issues with these strings, but overall, I'm willing to put up with the issues for the overall performance I get from the EJ26 strings.  The issues include what I think may be premature breakage.  I do not play &#34;hard&#34;, I play long (playing several hours daily), but I play rock ballads using a somewhat softer strumming style.  (I definitely do not &#34;pound&#34; on the strings - I like to think of it as fairly &#34;gentle&#34; strumming.)  Yet, I seem to manage to break the high E & B strings on a regular basis (by playing, not by over tuning).  Some of this can be expected, but what bothers me is the frequency with which I'm breaking G strings.  I simply don't think these wound G's should be breaking at all with my style of playing.  I've noticed that the current &#34;most helpful critical review&#34; mentions this same problem.  I change strings frequently so I don't think this is the reason they are breaking.Overall, I am willing to put-up with what I believe to be some premature breakage (especially with the G string), for the other qualities that draw me to the EJ26 strings.  They sound great for my style of play, equipment, and set-up.  They feel great.  I love 'em and will continue to buy quantities of them for my 12 acoustic electrics.  I just wish I had a better feeling about the premature breakage.
It has been a while since I put new strings on my acoustic guitar. These went on with no problems. They have a brassy sound to them. Since purchasing them, they still ring nicely.
My favorite string from back in the '60s when I had my own guitar shop. Great strings and the best packaging.
I had been using 12's on my S35 Takamine and they were over powering the chassis with vibration. The result was poor sound. Switching to these 10's made a huge difference in tone. It took a bit to get used to the lightness but now I will stick with them on this guitar. They are also easy to do bends which I like alot. I have never broke a D'Addario acoustic string.
I agree with all the other 5 star reviews, the quality of these strings is excellent.They last with great tone for a reasonable time, and don't break.I just have a helpful hint for those people with little experience in re-stringing an acoustic guitar that has removable bridge pins. Put a crimp or bend in each string about 3/4 of an inch or so from the ball at the end, about 45 degrees from the straight portion of the string, fairly sharp. Just beyond or just on the wound portion that holds the ball on. Then push the ball into the hole and make sure the crimped portion of the string is slid up against the wall of the hole closest to the neck of the guitar, out of the way of the pin. Then slide in the pin and make sure the ball is not resting on the bottom of the pin! The pin should fit tightly into the hole, and the crimp you made in the string keeps the ball on the side of the pin, not below it. Each pin has a groove in it where the string passes into the hole on the side of the pin. After pushing in the pin, you can pull on the string in the direction of the nut, and the ball should be pressing the pin sideways in the hole, keeping it tight. It may be under or on the side of the bridge inside the guitar, but I can't see in there to verify this is so, but I know that the ball is pressing sideways on the pin! Not upward.Hope this helps some novices, I had to learn it this way myself.
I have multiple guitars, for different styles.  I use these strings on my Ovation Legend, for acoustic leads.  Good tone, good sustain, and they stay in tune.  I play 2 gigs a week on average, and practice everyday.  These strings get a workout, and I change strings when I start to lose sustain.  That's why I buy the 10 packs, so I always have spare sets on hand.
These strings are what I use on all  of my acoustic guitars.  The sound and tone are great, and the price is right.  They shipped quickly and I will order again and again.
I have restored an old REX Commander.  Yeah, I know;  never heard of it.  Beautiful old archtop acoustic with real mother of pearl rectangular inlays on the neck.  Frets filed nearly flat after over a half century of playing.  But the resonance of the D'Addario's really bring this old guitar to life with a thick juicy vibrance on the bass side, and bell like clarity on the treble side.  Not to mention how great they look.  The snap and sparkle of the responsiveness of these stings amazes me.  Terrific strings for the price of cheapies.
I have not used mine yet but my brother in law says it looks like i got the same strings on my guitar already i trust him he knows more about guiatars than i do
I needed to replace the strings on my acoustic, and chose these D'Addario's based on price and the favorable reviews given them by other users. I'm glad I chose them, as they play easily and have a nice sound. The lighter gauge allows for rapid yet sure fingering, and makes 'bending' notes for a blues effect a cinch. In fact, I occasionally have to remind myself there's no longer any need to press down nearly as hard as I previously had to when playing the heavier-gauge strings my guitar came with. In short, these strings make playing so much more enjoyable, I wish I'd gotten them from the start. But then, without the comparison of playing with the old strings, I might not appreciate playing with these half as much as I do now.
Not much to say here. Strings are a very personal thing to a guitar player. You need to try different gauges and brands till you find the ones that work best for you and your style. These are the string of choice for my acoustic and have been for many many years. I replace my strings about once a month with casual play and proper maintenance so why run to the store or pay for shipping 10 times a year. The strings are great, priced great and was on sale which made it even better. There is less waste with the packaging which help the planet just a bit so that's good too.
Tried them all. These are the best sounding in my book. They last pretty long for non-coated strings and play nicely, too.
D'Addario,what's up? These didn't last long at all.I don't play my Martin very often,(too busy with electrics..) but these were trashed in a month.Guess your using recycled car bumpers for strings now? Never purchase again.
I recently acquired a Guild six string that I strung with my usual EJ16 strings, however, it just wasn't playing or sounding as good as I knew it could.  After tweaking the action and restringing with EJ17 Mediums, that Guild has sounds great with plenty of punch & power to spare.Overall, I rely on D'Addario strings for all my instruments. What's not to love about a 300+ year-old, family-owned company that (beginning with the days of catgut) has been responsible for dozens of string making innovations?  Beyond great tone & playability, these suckers are reliable as all get-out. These days if a string breaks, I know right away I need to check the nut & saddle, because these strings don't snap unless something on the instrument caused damage. In fact, I used to snap strings every other performance before I learned to properly hone the string rests on my instrument and use NOTHING but D'Addario strings. I haven't broken a string during a performance in years, and believe me, I ain't being gentle with 'em.
D'addario makes a pretty good string, but I'd have to say I prefer the Elixir. The sound is a little brighter, and the strings last longer with Elixir. Don't get me wrong though, I still like these.  If there's a sale, I'll buy some more.
it's tri pack with great quality strings on good deal! i purchased 2 of this set and it works great. it sounds balanced (warm and bright). i prefer change strings often so i can't afford to do that with expensive set of strings. this one is affordable and make my guitar sound good! anyone needs string go for it!
I have been using these strings for years and have been happy with them but the last couple of sets have lost the tone completely on strings 4,5,6 within 3 days of installing.  I play professionally and have a lot of experience installing strings, nothing wrong on the guitar.  Hopefully the next set will be better
received in just a few days....to a beginner like me they like like good strings but what do I know..
I usually play classical (nylon string) guitar, but have an Ovation deep-bowl acoustic electric as well and after the original strings wore out, I never have found strings that I really liked (don't ask me why I never thought about contacting Ovation and asking them what they use from the factory.  One of those duh things I didn't even think of until just now).Based on reviews and questions answered here on Amazon, I purchased this triple-set of strings.  Instant gratification.  First, they tuned up quickly and retained their tune on a relatively respectable basis (no new string holds tune perfectly for the first couple of days, but these retained tune fairly well).  The sound is excellent, the playability comfy.  The tone of my Ovation was back.Here are my itemized observations:* First, three sets for $13 (currently).  Cannot beat the value for price.* BRILLIANCE.  What many people call &#34;bright&#34;, brilliance is the opposite of &#34;dull&#34;.  Some strings sound dull right out of the package.  These strings are brilliant, bringing out the full tone and maximum volume from the guitar.* TONE.  The natural tone of the guitar is allowed to shine through, no hint of &#34;tinniness&#34;, &#34;plunk&#34; or &#34;twang&#34;.* MELLOW.  Mellow is difficult to define, but the best definition I've heard is, &#34;Ah, that sounds nice.&#34;  Mellow is a string settling into a guitar and becoming part of the guitar.  It's a pleasantness that doesn't grate on your ears when you pluck a string.  These strings are medium-mellow, just enough to allow one to enjoy the sound without falling asleep.  : )* BALANCE.  At first the E overtoned the b and e.  But as the strings settled that became less pronounced and the strings balanced right out.  The trebles became clearly audible while the E and A provided just the right touch of bass.* COMFORT.  The 12-53mm diameter of these strings is comfortable to the fingers.  Thicker strings are often more difficult to play and can even damage some guitars.  Lighter gauge tends to cut into the fingers unless the guitar has excellent action.  These strings are just right-- especially the 53mm E, which provides the proper amount of bass without overkill or difficulty in strumming.SUMMARY:  These are excellent strings, which doesn't surprise me since I've use D'Addario classical guitar strings for years.  Martin and GHS are both good strings, but somehow D'Addario just shines.Thanks to Amazon enthusiasts who helped me decide to give these a try.  Highly recommended.
I love the strings so far, just put them on my Jasmine by Takamine guitar today (2-20-14) and they sound amazing, very bright tone, I will be using D'Addario strings from now on, very pleased with them.
I have used D'Addario EJ-16 PB lights for years. I find them hard to beat for quality and sound and will continue to use them on all my guitars.
These are great strings. Nice bright tone. The three pack was the best deal when I ordered them. Get some!
