I bought this to put the new strings on my guitar but the shipping info said it wouldnt be here for a few more days.  I restrung my guitar without it and it showed up in the mail a few hours later.  I can say its built much better than I thought it would be.  Feels like its built to last.
Works just fine. Except the little knob that's supposed to take out the parts that hold in the strings (the little pins or whatever) it doesn't grip onto mine (I have an acoustic jasmine takkamine) so I had to get out pliers from my toolbox, but that's okay. One size doesn't always fit all. Good price.
It winds well and can cut off excess string thereafter. The design also includes a bridge pin puller that comes in handy. With some acquired technique this tool does a job.
bought this on a whim and I am glad of it, I have not used the string winder part yet but the cutter makes short work of both guitar and mandolin strings without the risk of marring the head, just be careful you can pinch yourself if you are not careful.
Changed the strings on my Epiphone EB-0 bass today for the first time using this product.Fit the extra large tuning pegs on my bass with room to spare.  Cutter works great, winder makes the job really fast.  10 minutes it took for all 4 strings.  Next time will be much faster now that i know what im doing.  Highly recommended
I won't rant about a string winder..  They aren't that technical of an item but I do like the string cutter.  I do almost prefer the pin puller on the cheaper units but I am not going to be that picky..  This unit works just fine and I am sure that I will lose it before It breaks..
I like this product so much I buy them two at a time but I wish I didn't have to. The problem is that everyone else likes it as much as me! So it's like that guy who asks for a lighter...uses it...and puts it in his pocket every single time, these also seem to grow feet and disappear just like the lighter.I understand people coveting tools that work this well and are so convenient but if it turns them into kletptos maybe it should contain a stain pack to catch them like bank robbers.It's a decent tool at a good price so buy one...Then see how long you can own it!
It works fine for the regular guitars but the bass guitar has these very wide tuning pegs.  This winder has a slot that will sorta fit across this tuning peg but it doesn't feel like it has enough of a grip to make turning it easier.I haven't had a chance to actually use it while changing strings yet, but so far it looks like it'll work as advertised in every other aspect.
This is basically the Leatherman Multi tool for guitarist. By Leatherman, I really mean Planet Waves - The go to, sure shot company that will provide solid guitar products and accessories (I buy cables, picks, straps from Planet Waves so.. I guess you could say I'm a fan of their company) And by multi-tool, I really mean this Pro Winder String Winder and Cutter. Everything you need to know is in the title! It helps to wind your guitar strings, the grip is comfortable and durable, and once you've tuned your guitar you can clip off the excess guitar string. Awesome! But wait... there's more (I should be on an infomercial) There's also a nifty little pin puller for when you re-string your acoustic instruments. For the price, this does everything and more... I recommend if you need a winder, just buy this. You'll take out 3 birds with one stone, even if you only needed to take out one bird...... if that makes sense? Cheers!
i always keep these around during string changes. i prefer the bass version to this if you can find it
It works pretty well on my ukulele, however it left several dents and scratches on the tuners of my ukulele.
I ordered the product thinking it was going to be the answer to all my dreams, but alas, I was wrong. The winding apparatus works beautifully, but the cutter doesn't allow me to get a short enough cut on the strings for my preference, so I'm back to using metal pliers to snip the strings close to the post. All in all, a good product to have if you don't have pliers on hand or don't mind getting a closer snip.I cannot comment on the peg remover since my acoustic doesn't have pegs - luckily, the strings are fed through the slots on the back of the bridge, which I think is a much better design than guitars with pegs to hold strings in place. Each to their own, I suppose.
This is such a lifesaver (or an effort saver). Every guitarist should have this. In my opinion, there is nothing more annoying in the world than changing guitar strings. This makes the process so much easier. It's a 3-in-1 product that clips the old string, pulls the pins out, and winds the new strings in. On top of it all, it's pretty affordable.
The winder works well for me, and the cutter is good to have connected to the tool (so I don't have to search out a pair of snips), but a spring loaded cutter would be less awkward.  Also, the bridge pin puller is kinda flimsy, and doesn't work well for reluctant pins.  I actually like my Dunlop winder better; this tool is longer so it comes off of the pegs a little more, but I guess that's the compromise of having a working cutter, so I won't be throwing away my other winder any time soon.
I was a bit concerned about this tool after reading some reviews that owners had damaged expensive guitars, but thought I would just be careful with it.  But I have no concerns after using it on two string changes.  In fact, I cannot see how one could nick the guitar while winding, since the tool does not even cover the entire tuning key so it never gets close the guitar head.  The string cutter works great, one squeeze and any size string is cut cleanly.  The pry tool for acoustic guitar pegs works, and though it is a tighter fit than I expected, it does work and means I don't need to find a pliers.  Overall, I am very pleased and saved time on string changes.
Use it every time I restring my guitar, works really good. I recommend this to any musician that plays regulary.
I found this tool to be convenient and better made than I anticipated, making it a solid value for the money.  No need for a collection of separate tools anymore.
This does a fine job of cutting even a thick E bass string. Very pleased. Also works to cut ukulele strings! Hooray hooray hooray.
String changes usually take me 10 to 12 minutes each but I restrung all 3 of my guitars in less than 13 minutes (one is a floating tremolo). The spanner is smooth, the cutter is strangely very clean cutting (usually use electrician wire dykes) and the pin puller is nothing fancy, but does the trick quickly. Awesome little tool and very impressed with it. A++++ on every function, would consider maybe putting a few small rubber inserts on the handle for those sweaty hands, but other than that, it's perfectly perfect. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND
I probably should buy another one for other guitars, but I carry in my electric case.  I'm sure the day I will need it, I will have acoustic with me!  I use different method for my bass, but this is perfect for 6 strings!
Its a nice pice,, easy to use and necessary when you change the string of your guitar,,, the only matter and its not a big deal,, is that make a squeaking sound besides that works perfect
This tool does exactly what it is supposed to do and is a reasonably priced product.  As with any tool there is a small learning curve just to become familiar with the way it functions.  After using it a couple of times I can only give it high marks.
This is an indispensable tool for all guitarists who constantly change strings. It is like the swiss army knife for string winding.
My son uses this winder and cutter frequently to change his strings on his acoustic and electric guitar. It hasn't failed him yet. It's easy to use and cuts the strings precisely and cleanly. He says it's a must have if you maintain and change your own guitar strings. Highly recommend.
Works well for a multi-tool.  personally you could get away with a little crank winder and a wire cutter, but this is nice to have in your bag just in case.  And for the price you really can't beat it.  3 tools in one handy spot.
Makes stringing so much easier with the peg puller, and cutter all in one. Arrived quick and before scheduled. These work perfect for my needs
Great concept....everything rolled into one product.  Winder, String cutter and end pin remover.  The price is fair for all that.
Before bying this product, I doubted a little whether or not this gadget wouldd cut the metale strings. I received it and the first thing I did is try it. IT CUTS THE MEDAL STRINGS LIKE BUTTER. I used to use whatever I could find around the house which was a pain because nothing I tried could cut these metal strings. The winder I'm not going to use, but perhaps people with tired fingers would want to use it.
I wind long-scale bass strings onto my unusual super-short-scale 26"-scale, six-stringed bass instrument, so I'm betting I get more use out of this thing than about anybody. This device is much easier on my fingers and hands and much, much faster. The cutter worked great, too. Changing strings is no longer a dreaded chore. Can't ask for more than that.
I realy like the cutter. The only thing, for me, was the peg winder was getting in the way.With just a simple screw it comes right off. I much prefer it without the winder. Build quality is awesome. Sturdy and a bit weighty. Definitley worth a buy.
I have tried a few and this is the one I settled on if you need a multi-tool.  The cutters rip through bass strings like butter and seem to hold up.  The winder is nicely balanced and the grip is good.
It winds! It cuts! You really can't go wrong here. Another really well-made product from Planet Waves that will become an indespensable part of your guitar setup.
These things are great. No more twisting for 5 mins per string, no more running around the house looking for a pair of clippers. For the price, its definitely worth it imho.
Light weight, compact, and all in one tool, what more could I ask for?This tool does three things very well, turns tuners on stringed instruments quickly, cuts musical instrument strings, and helps pull acoustic guitar string pins. What's not to like? Well the cutter part of the tool is a little hard to open - guess I'm used to side cutters or pliers - and it doesn't cut strings really close to the tuning pin - it leaves about a half inch of string hanging. Oh, if you actually follow the three loops of string theory for stringing your guitar (go to the Elixir Strings website and watch the excellent guitar stringing videos from the Taylor guitar factory) your wrist will get a little tired turning the crank for the tuners. The alternative is a battery operated turner that weighs a ton more.I find it very hard to believe that with normal use on stringed instrument strings, somebody could manage to break this plastic tool. The tool is made of sturdy plastic. If abused, trying to cut copper wire, it might break; but the tool was never designed for that use.I've used this tool now for several months and expect that it will last for a very long time. I use this on three different guitars, an acoustic and two electrics (Les Paul and PRS). The pin puller works just fine, I actually put a rag on the guitar body to prevent any dents in the wood. The tool fits inside my hard shell Gibson guitar case. This is a very nice tool.
Easy to use and makes changing out strings easy. The winder is great, but the cutter and pin pull is also part of it making it the only tool needed for changing out strings. The construction is pretty high quality with a mix of metal and plastic parts.
Perfect for re-stringing your guitar.  Very portable too and fits in my gig bag with spare strings.  The price was right too.  This is a must have tool and isn't cheap like most of the plastic ones out there.  The nice thing about this one is it  cuts off excess with ease, just looks better trimmed neatly.5 star product
After getting tired of spending a half hour each time changing strings, I finally caved and bought this nifty little gadget. I just wanted a string winder at first but thought this one was kinda cool and reasonably priced too. I didn't expect the string cutter to be as well as it is. I thought my wire cutters would be much better but the cutter on this baby is just as great! It also has a pin puller which I haven't tried yet but I'm sure it's great as well. This would be perfect for the gigging or traveling musician, or if you just want a great all in one tool. But this thing!
Primarily purchased to have a string cutter in the guitar case rather than going to get one from my tool box.Found the pin puller did not really work for me, so put my old string winder from 20 yrs. ago back in the case to use that pin puller which worked just fine. Seemed no matter how I tried, I was almost scratching the saddle tried to get that groove under the head of the pins and could never get it to work on a six string steel acoustic guitar.It seems that &#34;C&#34; shaped opening in the end is for stretching strings, and I find that is better done by hand. So really I just use this for the wire cutter feature.  And the string winder itself also works well.
It's so much easy to deal with your guitar using this string winder and cutter! A w e s o m e!
This is a great tool the only issue was it was a little tight and it squeaked loudly as i was attempting to use it..  i had some graphite powder and i put a little around the screw head on the winder part and now it spins freely without noise.  Its so much nicer to not have to wind those tuner heads by hand when changing strings out.  the wire cutters also work really well. Im glad i bought this product.
For about $8 you get a string winder, string cutter and an acoustic peg remover all-in-one.What more can you ask for?Mine shows no sign of wear or defects after about a year of use.I have nice wire cutters, etc (I'm an EE) but it is much easier to grab one tool instead of two or three.As for quality, it has an unconditional guarantee, see above.Planet Waves -aka D'Addario- is a well-known name in guitar accessories.To the reviewers complaining about the tool breaking, try using your warranty instead of whining.No manufacturer has a perfect run forever, but at least in this case you have not wasted your money.For the record, I do not work for D'Addario / Planet Waves - but I would not dismiss a job off-hand if they offered it  ;-)
I have used this winder now 4 times.  It does what it is supposed to do and adds to speed and efficiency of the task.
Works a little better at winding strings than the bare-bones winders. The string cutter is very handy. The pin puller, as is usually the case, is a little clumsy to use, but it works.
Finally, a winder that has features and durability designed into it.  The pocket of the winder head appears to be large enough to handle any tuning peg head size and the molded plastic body appears to be thick enough to stand up to a lot of use.  The pivot point doesn't bind when using the winder as has a couple other cheaper models I've purchased (and thrown away) over the years.  The string cutter is a great feature and appreciated, works well regardless of string composition type,...stainless, chromes, core-types, etc.  The price seems fair enough.  I've seen a couple of battery powered models for not much more money, but if you're in that big a hurry to change strings you're living life too fast...... get a 'roadie' to do it for you.... why have to remember to carry spare batteries.
Fast shipping and love this handy little tool, it has everything on it that I need to completely change my strings weather I am home or out somewhere and it is small enough to carry in my guitar case, OH and great price thanks.
This is exactly what I was hoping for. The string cutter works better than expected. It's nice not having to go hunt down diagonal pliers when it's string changing time. The only little issue is that it's a little tougher to spin really fast than the little string winders because of the grip. No biggie though.
I've only used the string winder so far, but it works well so far. I use it on my guitars and my banjo. The other things look like they will work well, but I haven't used them yet so I can't say for sure. If not then I'll update this review (if I can).
What  great idea to put all three tools needed when changing strings into one tool. The cutter even works well.
You need nothing else to replace your string, no matter if you have an acoustic or a electric guitar, or both. I have a couple of acoustics and electrics and you can remove the retainers of the acoustic guitars without doing damage. is fast to tight up the string and it has a cutter if you (like me) don't like the extra hanging from the guitar like cat mustache.Recomended!
This product is something every guitar owner needs.  It is well built, performs well and sells at a very reasonable price.  The sting cutter works well.
No messing around, fits well in bass tuner knobs, spins well and the cutter is good , this is the one to get.
This winder makes changing strings a breeze and I like that there's an integrated cutter to trim off the excess string.  I also love the part on the end that pulls out the pins from the bridge.  So, this item is three tools in one!
I have had other string winders, but this had the string cutter on it too. It is awesome. I broke a string on stage and instead of having a big floppy string, with just a quick squeeze it looked good. HIGHLY reccomended
This guitarist tool is a real gem; it's well designed to pull string pegs, wind strings, and cut the strings - all in a small package. I find it handy, useful, and I recommend it.
Not much better than the dollar version of the peg winder.  Thought it would be more ergonomic and having the stringer cutter in one tool would be a plus.... but, not quiet up to par.  You'll be better off with the dollar string winder and a cheap pair of snips.
Terrific All-in-One Must-Have Tool for Guitarists!I have been using the older style Planet Waves model of this winder/cutter/bridge pin tool and when it came in I was a little skeptical about the new model.I am happy to see that the changes are relatively minor and if anything it is just a little bit smaller so it will fit inside your case compartment more easily leaving more room for other junk.I have used the Planet Waves tolls for years without any difficulty or problems with breaking, bending, becoming dull or unusable. They keep on keeping on and I have one in every case.Buy, you'll love it, and if not, you can always return it.Hope this helps!
After years of using a diagonal pliers, this small and secure to use around top line guitar/bases, this guys just made my #1 none StewMac tool in my tool set.
I've been playing guitar since the late sixties, and have to say, this string winder and cutter is fantastic.  I use it regularly.  It is durable and effective.
Not as sturdy as some I've used and seen floating around, but it gets the job done as advertised.  Not a terrible buy.  Construction is a bit on the cheap side, though, as it is mostly plastic and seems a bit fragile around the edges.  The clipper and winder work well, though, even though they are both predominantly made of the same lower grade material.  However, all you really need are the two functions, and they work.
It is a string winder, what more can I say. It works as it should and saves time. Very useful when restringing a guitar.
I have one of these in every one of my guitar cases. You never know when you have to replace a string and this is a convenient helper. Cutter, winder and pin puller. Gets the job done and it is inexpensive.
This bad boy rocks, fits in guitar case, it slices it dices it makes julienne fries. Well no, but  it does slice guitar strings in half and it will pull bridge pins and wind/unwind guitar strings, though.If it had a flashlight, tuner and fingernail trimmer it would be perfect, but engineers are mortal and I couldn't put a tool the size of a watermelon inside my guitar case (at least not without coating it with butter first).Its plastic and steel, it will break eventually as everything does - imperfect world, re &#34;breakfast club&#34; bolts fall out, doors fall off, but til then I'll enjoy using this. The string winder is a little awkward. I have a little fender brand gizmo that looks like a pez dispenser with a swivel head on top, its small so I keep it in the guitar case along with this contraption - winds strings much faster than this device, but if you've got the time this one will work just fine. I also wear two pairs of socks in case one gets a hole in it, I'm prone to redundancies.It may be sheer rumor, but I have it on good sources, that this item is actually based on alien technology recovered at Roswell New Mexico. Your chance to own alien technology at an affordable price not like those I-phones that they took out of the saucers.If it only came in mink it would be perfect.
everything you need to make replacing strings nice and easy, add a headstand to hold the headstock up and you are set
nothing fancy, its plastic but the quality is by no means bad. it serves its purpose and is simple which i cannot complain about
I'm not sure how much extra utility you get out of the winder.  Maybe if you change strings a lot, then this could be a key part of you equipment bag.  The cutter part is nice, it is solid and effective without being too heavy, yet it does feel well made.  For the price, keep it around rather than tracking down other wire cutters when you need to change out a set of strings.
I own a lot of guitars and have to change strings often enough, I don't really enjoy changing strings but it needs done, this tool makes it such a breeze I don't know how I ever went without it. It takes me a fraction of the time it used to take changing strings, I can have them all loosened and cut in seconds where before I would stand there cranking one tuning peg for what seemed like forever. I am really happy with this purchase and will check out more stuff from Planet Waves.
What a great multipurpose guitar tool. It works great. I really like the fact that it is cutter, a winder, and a pin remover, all in one. The quality is really nice. Next time I place an order, I'm going to get another one as a spare. I'd be lost without this tool.
Stripped down one of my basses at the weekend, found this very useful, made stripping and replacing strings really easy. Large enough to fit the fender tuners. Have 2 new sets of strings on order so fitting them won't be as daunting a task as without this item.
This is a pretty cool item. I bought I thought it was cool and different. Is well worth the price and a good thing to have in your guitar case.
Does what it is suppose to do. What can you say about a tool. If it works properly, and it does, what more can you say.
Works great for changing guitar strings. Good build and doesn't look cheap. Built-in string cutter and bridge pin remover is a plus.
I bought this mainly for the string cutter, although it has a peg winder and a bridge pin puller as well. At first I was skeptical because it's lightweight and the cutting ends are not sharp. I was wondering how well it could cut the loose ends of strings. I'm happy to say that it does an excellent job, much better than the pair of diagonal pliers I was using.  It cuts the ends of strings easily and cleanly.  It's nice not having to carry the pliers around, which are heavier and a little risky to your guitar should you happen to drop it or accidentally mar your headstock. As for the bridge pin puller, I tried it once but it is rather ineffective. I think it was included more as an afterthought as it's just a notched edge and can't really pull stuck pins. For pulling bridge pins without damaging the bridge I would recommend the Dunlop bridge pin puller which is inexpensive.Overall I give this 5 stars for the winder and cutter. I'd recommend this to any acoustic guitarist as an essential tool to keep in their guitar case.
This tool definitely comes in handy for anyone who works on a guitar. It gets the job done easily and very fast.
A must have for anyone to make changing strings on any guitar especially an acoustic. Really like the clippers and bridge pin puller a lot. Would make a great gift for any musician playing a stringed instrument.
Great tool. I used to just coil the string ends at the adjustment keys, but this trims steel and nylon with ease. The quick slack take-up winder is nice also, but requires some adjustment in technique on classical guitars
It cuts the string and winds the pegs much easier than one could do by hand. It is very solid and will last a long time.
Really helpful both in live gigs and at home.Great quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand
Its great for cutting strings but the winder is pretty difficult if you don`t know what your doing. Warning for beginners don't get this!!!!
The winder makes a loud and ear piercing squeaking when winding fast. I tried unscrewing it and putting a little oil on the screw head but it didn't make much difference. I hope it goes away with use.The string cutter works like a champ. I was using a set of flush cut nips but they kept getting bent trying to cut the hard nickel and steel of guitar strings. These work much better. They don't cut the string they shear it off. I've done 3 sets of strings and no noticable wear on the cutter.
Nice quality and love the cutter. The winder is a little awkward to use. I guess I need a little practice. But the cutters are great.
When i bought this, i didn't think it was going to be as good as it is. It seemed a little plastic-ie from the photos, so i didn't think it was going to hold up very well. It actually really surpassed my expectations however. The winder itself works quite well, and has slots for multiple-sized tuners. It was a little wobbley on my guitar, but still worked well. The wire cutter was able to cut the thickest guitar string with little problem. For 7 dollars, it's a really good deal!
Bought it to replace strings for my Taylor.Does all the job that I need it to perform.Winds the strings fastPulls the pegs smoothlycuts the excess wireDOES NOT SCRATCH MY GUITAR!!!the only issue really is that it squeaks a lot. can be fixed with some oil.
A lil awkward for some. But works perfect for me. Like any other tool, it doesn't always fit or please everybody. But I'm a big fan of all-in-ones. So this is a more compact option for me & less clutter inside my guitar case pocket.
I have purchased and used many various types of Guitar String Winders and I must admit that the Planet Waves Pro Winder is the very best I have used to date.  It is an all in one and there is no need to carry extra equipment to cut the strings....pull pegs..etc.  It is sturdy and should last  many moons and cut many strings before needing replacement.  Because of the affordable price on Amazon I will be buying some for my friends as Christmas Stocking Stuffers.  The Planet Waves Pro Winder is well worth the cost and I recommend it to anyone.  Also, with the string winder I also purchased accoustic guitar strings and requested regular shipping (free shipping) which promised that the items would be shipped within 5 to 7 days. The items were ordered on the Thursday and received on the Saturday....THREE SHORT DAYS...Treat yourself!  Thank you Amazon!
I purchased this before I have ever changed a string. While waiting for it to come - I had to change one. Youtube videoed how to do it. This tool came and while it is nice and I will be sure to use it, It is not a MUST have. But I had wire snips from my jewelry kit available. Not everyone would have those. This will work great! It is sturdy and small.
best tool ever
the winder works really well and same with the cutter, but using the cutter can be a bit cumbersome.  i guess for taking w/ you on gig bag would be great as you only have one tool, but if using at home, then i think is more convenient to have a separate cutter.  that's what i do anyway.  still i think is a good tool to have.
Cut the strings like they was made of paper.Really good price. Did what it was suppose, no need to say anymore.
An all-in-one guitar tool that is a must-have for any guitar case! Great quality string winder and cutter! Plus, it is extremely low priced! Don't hesitate...get one!
Yes, you really replace your strings very fast with this Winder. And it also cuts the strings. Very helpful. i recommend.
I know that you can easily change strings without paying for a tool to help you out, but honestly this thing is worth every penny. It cuts your changing time down drastically. You don't really know how convenient it is to have the peg puller, winder, and wire cutter all in a little tool until you actually have them all in a little tool. Not to mention, it's very rigid and it certainly seems like it'll hold up for years to come!
This is a handy little tool. The winder is nice and the clipper works well. It doesn't pull the bridge pegs out so it doesn't get five stars from me. And don't be too rough when winding or it will break.
The peg winder is what it is, it winds pegs and there's not much to it. The string cutter is too bulky to use in most cases so I still need a set of snips when using this thing.
for the price of this winder/cutter its awesome, if it were made with a harder plastic would have been perfect!
I thought it would be resin or plastic.Not so: It was made heavier and nicer.The metal must-have will be in the family a while I can tell.
winds your strings its durable and will cut your strings as well  you can pull your pins at the bridge with it as well.
This combo string winder, peg extractor and string clipper serves all three purposes adequately. It fits easily into a gig bag and is light and easy to handle. It is inexpensive enough that I have one in each of my gig bags and cases. In some ways it's like a bic pen, it's cheap enough that if you leave it someplace or lose it you can replace it.
Does the job well enough
Simply one of the best string winders I have ever used to date and I love it because I having large hands it really makes a difference. Not forget the added string cutter and peg puller to boot. Very good.
This versatile tool does what it says it does.  Pretty good quality. But, after purchasing, I realized that a tool like this isn't too necessary.  Some scissors and a little bit of elbow grease would accomplish the same tasks. But, it does make it a little easier and slightly more efficient.
Every guitar player should own this tool. instead of having half your tool box out just to restring your ax all you need is one tool.
This is another useful item from Planet Waves for the guitar player. This winder saves time,especially when you are anxious to get back to playing after breaking a string or replacing every string.This is not bulky & fits into several different guitar cases without taking up much room. Worth the price.
This product works well, but I still end up doing it the old fashion way.  Guess I am not a gimmick person.  :-)
Very handy, has multiple benefits that are very useful. I just had to loosen the screw that holds the winder a bit and lubricated it with silicone spray and done deal!
This tool has high marks for one reason: It works. This is the best at combining two tools into one. Give it high marks for form and function. Love it.
I got this for my daughter, a begining guitarist, she has been playng for 3-4 months. She absolutely loves it. The product works perfectly and is durable. The downsides are it's a bit awkward to turn, but easy to get used to. It is very hard to accurately cut the strings.
Makes changing strings a whole lot easier. If you are a guitar player and are changing strings like I was without one of these, stop and get one trust me!
I never had one of these until I had to twist each tuner around 60 times to change a string.  But that's not a problem any more.I used to go through my hardware drawer at home to find wire cutters to trim my string ends.  But that's not a problem any more.And I used to hurt my teeth sometimes pulling tough bridge pins on my acoustic.  But that's not a problem any more either.All solved by one simple tool which is inexpensive and fits easily in my case.  So I'm a fan.  You'll be too.
After you have used this tool for the first time, you say to yourself,...&#34;why did I suffer all those years by doing this manually?&#34; I used to devote so much time to sitting there, winding forever by hand. With this winder, you are done in an amazingly short time. It also does such a precise job on installing the string around the posts, that on the bottom &#34;E&#34;, I did a double take -- it is almost invisible. Thank you to the other guitarists who took the time to do their reviews on this one. Re-stringing is now no longer the chore that I used to dread. Not at all.
Overall, I like this winder.  It's handy having the wire cutter built into it.  But when I am winding new strings, it often slips off.  Since I am using one hand to hold tension on the new string, I would prefer this to hold on more securely so I don't have to put it back on several times.  But all in all, it's a lot better than winding by hand, and it seems sturdy.
It beats doing it the old fashion way and the cutter is sweet, but it could be better.1. It slips off if you go too fast, but I thought that was the purpose of using a gadget like this.2. It didn't come with much of any instructions, so I was using it wrong at first. There is a big and a small slot.3. The cutter is so that I pinched my finger during use. The cutter works great, you just have to be careful.4. The screw that holds it on keeps coming loose. Sure I can tighten it, but it just means the design could be better.All and all it's one of those must have gadgets, but it does require a little discipline to master. I hope the next version comes with a soft, rubber insert so it doesn't scratch the chrome off my turner pegs. That and maybe they could use a long screw and some Loctite to keep it from coming loose. And well, maybe they could offer it in more colors to make it easier to find. Everything I have seems to be jet black.
So I bought this to replace the original string winder I had that doesn't have a clipper on the end, and it turned out great. The clipper is strong and works well, and the winder is the same if not better. Thank you planet waves
The wire clipper and winder work O.K., but the pin puller is badly designed and doesn't slip under the ball of the pin in order to lift it out. Bad design by someone who doesn't use it to pull pins out of a bridge. I end up using a Jim Dunlop capo to pull bridge pins out. I've done it successfully for years.
The string winder with a string cutter and pin puller is an excellent design. It will be very useful when installing new guitar strings with all of the items needed for the job.My only issue is the shipping charges for such a small item. The shipping cost were almost as high as the cost of the item itself making the purchase of this item an unfavorable purchase price for a single item. If you need an additional item on an order from this seller you need to check the shipping cost or you will not be getting the good price advertised for the item and may consider purchasing it elsewhere.
Does the job, i've had this for about 7 months and it hasn't let me down yet...except for that time I couldnt find it. The winder, the cutter and the pin-pull all work well enough. Noted,  I've only used it to cut Elixir Nanoweb strings and nylon strings and they more on the soft side compared to regular steel strings.
i use to use my hands to turn the tuning pegs and let me tell you that takes forever to take off strings and put them on. also my wire cutter is getting messed up from cutting strings and now that i have this i can change strings faster and i dont have to look for a wire cutter all the time.its small and can fit in the pouch of a guitar case also for people who are new to guitar you dont use this to tune its to put strings on and be careful not to over tune because you will break strings.hands will always be the best when you have to do precise tuning. this is just to get the tuning in the ball park and then using your hands.
I love being able to wind the strings, pull bridge pins and cut excess string with one tool! That frees up space in my hardshell case for other stuff. Seems solid and well built.
A string winder and cutter ! This is a tool to carry in your guitar case at all times ! It even has a peg puller for people who have pegs on their acoustic guitars. Great quality product...I will buy another one for my uncle who performs weekly.
I've had string winders for years, but never a multifunction one like this. I recently bought it for my niece, and taught her how to change her strings.The different size gaps make it 'grab' the tuning pegs much better than my old one. I was able to use it on an electric, steel string acoustic, and classical, and it grabbed them all rather well. The string cutter works well, and the peg puller does also. So handy!
I used this a couple of days ago to change strings on my electric guitar (Fender Strat). I was suprised in how well the little wire cutters worked. The end that turns the machine tuners is a little loose feeling but it still works well, you just have to be a little carful about not allowing it to slip and to not over tighten the strings. I highly recommend it.
It's nice having all of the tools on one device. The pin puller is very slim and works better than the puller on the basic string winders. I like to trim my strings and the cutters also work well.
It's a great string winder, and it is so nice being able to wind and cut the string with the same tool. It's a brilliant idea haha. It's very good quality, like all planet waves products.
Great quality product. Saves me time winding plus includes a string cutter which is awesome. Highly recommended
This was the first time I've ever used a string winder and cutter. It make the process of replacing the strings so much faster. The tool works great and is sturdy. If you try this you will never go back to stringing by hand Guaranteed.
Header says it all. Works well enough as a string winder, but I was really lookin for something to pull my bridge pins with and for me, this did not work well at all. Went back to my trusty rubber tipped pliers and just had to be gentle.
I have been asking for this for 3 years now, and someone finally got me one.  Nicely built and very handy to have when changing guitar strings.
I purchased this for my guitar lessons studio to teach beginners how to string their guitars properly.To my surprise, I am very impressed with it, now it doesn't compare to a $60 - $100 unit nor is it supposed to, it does it's just quickly and cleanly.
I like this string winder, and it is convenient having the wire cutter there too, but the &#34;bridge pin puller&#34; is too small, and doesn't work on my instruments.  That's why I gave it 4 stars instead of five.
Just changed strings on my Epi Les Paul and this winder\cutter performed flawlessly.  The winder fit the winding keys nicely and didn't come anywhere near touching my guitar's finish.  The cutter snips the strings with no effort.  Huge time saver and works as promised.  Very glad I bought the  Planet Waves Pro Winder String Winder and Cutter .
Works perfect for guitar strings. Used it when I restrung my Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. It has locking tuners, so I was able to use this to cut the strings all the way down.
It functions as designed.  It saves time when restringing a guitar.  It's made pretty well for a plastic tool.  Definitely takes less space than a wire cutter and a cordless drill to change strings.  Admittedly, the cordless drill would be used mostly by luthiers, but you get the point.
Alright, for the past 5 years I've been changing my strings with only the help of scissors to cut the unused portion of string, and let me tell you, doing this process on 5 guitars sucks! this tool Is AWESOME! It takes about 3-5 minutes to change strings now and it's well made and durable.the built in wire cutter was an awesome idea and works just fine. I'ts not perfect but neither am I So 5 stars, Would recommend to anyone.
I love this guitar string winder.  The cutter was a real plus so I didn't have to track down my diagonal cutters.
I honestly really didn't find this thing useful at all. First, the wire clipper side is relatively bulky (no flush cutting) and doesn't open easily (very stiff action), so trying to get the clipper onto the wire with the very small opening and at the same time peering over the tool itself as it blocks the view - ick. And as for the winder... I suppose if you are doing some heavy initial winding, it can get rather tiring twisting the tuner. But it is a tad big for tuner pegs on anything I used it on, so no nice &#34;tight&#34; fit, more of a &#34;jiggle&#34; fit. Plus the clearance needed to actually swing the thing around means having the instrument laying flat on a table doesn't help. Didn't even know there was a bridge pin puller on this thing. Just looked at it... guess that notch in the peg winder is it.Each time I have set out to use it, I end up turning my pegs manually and grimacing over the stiff action of the wire cutters while to align it on the string. I just recently ended up buying a set of Crescent Brand Miniature Cutters & Needle-Nose Pliers Set(the pliers are JUST the thing for pulling the strings and keeping tension while winding). When I have to redo my mothers acoustic guitar, I'll try the notch bridge peg puller. But other wise, this thing gets a serious two-star &#34;meh&#34;.
A good piece of kit. Except it does have problems removing occasional sticky string pegs. It's also squeakily noisy when string winding. The cutter works perfectly.
This winder and cutter...winds and cuts fine...But the pin puller does not fit my guitar pins even though the ad claims that, &#34;...it fits virtually all guitars, banjos and mandolins...&#34;  Oh well...another lessson learned.
It works well for guitars and basses, so long as they are the clover style. Other then that it works just like it says it will.
great little time saver with all that is needed to restring in one compact device..It works well, pretty good buy.
Sometimes it seems more convenient to use my hand to turn the pegs rather than use this, but it does a pretty good job. I really like the string cutter built into the frame, and the peg puller is my favorite feature. Basically, I use this for everything except winding strings.
When I first saw this item I wondered:  Why is the regular guitar version $6.99 and the bass version only $4.99?Suddenly an amazing clarity came over me and I realized-- the bass version only has to tune FOUR strings instead of six.  So it costs less because we don't need to use it as much!But then I remembered there are 5 string bass guitars and I thought, okay... shouldn't they have a $5.99 one for 5-string bass guitars?Sadly the universal clarity became even more muddied when I realized with some dismay that there are even 6-string bass guitars.  Will this even work on a 6-string bass?  After all, that's 2 more strings than its intended purpose!These perplexing questions aside, I find this to be an excellent and ideal tool.  Its function is three-fold:1) String winder2) String cutter3) Peg pullerSo no more running for the wire clippers to pull a peg or cut a string.  All the tools you need to change strings are in this one reasonably-priced tool.  Made by D'addario, the quality lives up to the brand.  It's solid, the wire cutter and peg puller well designed.  It does everything it's supposed to do, does it well and is of good construction.PROS:  Good strong well-designed unitCONS: The winder is held on by a single screw and there are numerous reports of that screw coming unscrewed during use.  I would recommend putting a drop of super glue down in the screw thread area to secure the screw and prevent that happening. Because of this design flaw 4 stars instead of 5.I note that there are reviews here as old as four years... and it appears this device has undergone design changes during that time.  Some say the head bowl is so deep it can result in scratching of the guitar head.  Others report it being so shallow it slips off the keys.What I believe is that it is a mistake to sell the BASS and STANDARD GUITAR version on the same page.  From what I can deduce from the reviews, it appears some folks have inadvertently purchased the BASS guitar version, which does indeed have a wide and deep cup, and did not realize it.  Imho, the two products should be listed on two different pages for clarity.  It's obvious from the reviews that some folks have accidentally purchased the wrong unit.Some have reported the peg puller being "metal" and scratching the bridge.  The one on mine is vinyl and while it is hard enough to scratch the bridge if one isn't careful-- the same holds true for needle nose pliers.Bottom line is there is some responsibility of the user to pay attention to what they're doing, don't get in a rush, and be aware of the need to protect their instrument while using ANY modification tool. I suspect if one is going to get in a hurry and try to change strings 0 to 60 in 5 seconds... they may wind up damaging their guitar.  Turn on the light, put on reading glasses if necessary to see... and take your time and this device should work fine.  Be aware when reading reviews that many seem to be out of date (dunno why the company didn't simply start a new listing when redesigning the device).
Works as advertised. The cutter makes this thing really worth while. If I lose it, I'm buying another! 2 more words required?
Handy dandy little gadget. So much better than using pliers to remove bridge pins, nail clippers to cut strings and much easier to wind strings with this thing. I've got 10 guitars and 3 basses so i change a lot of strings and this definitely makes it less of a chore. Love Planet Waves stuff!
This product is straight forward and works as it's intended.One side note - there is a pretty loud squeak that occurs when winding the strings. I'm not sure if all of them do this but the one I received does. It doesn't cause any problem with the product's performance... it's just loud.
