Picked up a cable to test on my new pedalboard, and I couldn't be happier. Doesn't suck tone, cables are sturdy, and they sound great. This replaced a normal straight 1/4 inch cable and saves so much space on my board.
This L Jack is good enough to make connections between my guitar pedals and it works fine. Flexible enough. I don't like only the fact that it's made out of plastic and it looks cheap, but for the price i paid for it i don't really care.
These little patch cables work nicely, there's no change to your tone or sound and they connect one pedal to another just fine..I'm only going to make one small complaint and explain why it got 4 stars instead of 5. The product description says 6 inches, right? If you jump over to these (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001PGXKC8/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc;=1) planet waves patch cables they're listed at .5 feet (same as 6 inches, right?) The Hosa cables seem more like maybe 4 inches, whereas the planet waves cables gave me plenty of room from one pedal to another. I only used the Hosa cable as an emergency back up.To conclude, would I recommend these? Yes, if you have one or two pedals and need an affordable small and effective patch cable, go for these. But my first recommendation will always be planet waves cables over anything else.
If you need some 6" cables to connect your pedals, look no farther. These cables are perfect. They deliver good sound, are very small, and very cheap. What more could you ask for?!
Bought this Hosa Pedal Cable for our son to interconnect his guitar pedal. It works well and seems to be durable. It hasn't given him any problems so far. It doesn't appear to change the sound quality or tone. Great product.
Good little connector cable.  Well constructed, durable, built to last.  I would recommend this cable to connect stomp boxes. Worth it.
These are great cables. The only con I could give is if they go bad...no opening up the ends to fix them, but in my experience they are durable. Most people are using these on a pedal board so there's not a lot of movement to wear them down.
Works just fine, great for little spaces between one pedal to another, if there's more distance, better use another type, bue generally works fine and it's a good quality product, clean signal no problems
exactly what I needed to connect 2 distortion paddles to my amp...do yourself a favor, always order threw Amazon dealers! I placed an order threw onlinecarstereo.com and had to report a scam operation to my credit card co....their customer reviews were terrible, yet I made the mistake of placing n order...right before my eyes they changed their BAD reviews to add good ones....
These are great patch cables especially for the price. They don't suck any tone they are reliable(I've had mine for 2 years)and are really great for players on a budget.
these cable came super fast in the mail, They deliver the level of performance you would expect form low cost cables. they work
This is a very good cable. I don't forsee having any problems with it. It's just right for hooking my pedals together eithout the mesws of long cables. If you need this get it. The price is right and shipping was right on time.
This is not the fanciest cable you can buy, but it fits my low budget.  It works perfectly, it doesn't feel like its going to break anytime soon, and my pedals are perfectly connected.
I typically use planet waves cables but tried these and there just as great. Never an issue. No loss of tone. Never breaks or fails. Quality product for a good price.
Really just some inexpensive and yet durable cables to link your stompboxes together. As of yet, i havent had one go all crackly, which, considering they get frequent use, is pretty good. Often, cheap cords die within a year or so. Every electric guitarist keeps a stock of these things, and this one in particular is cheap and accessible. I probably have around twelve of them.Enjoy!
Hosa patch cables are the best for the buck. Great sound and flexible. I'm a firm Hosa cable fan. Love these little guys.
These have a lower profile and can fit and bend into the places the ones with thick metal ends can't.
