When I tried it out the first time the octave seemed to be intermittent. Noting that this product comes from China the first thing I suspected was cold solder joints.  I warmed up the soldering iron and opened 'er up and YES!  not only were there cold solder joints but there was a small piece of loose wire shorting components at random. Typical of quality control in the People's Republic of China. A little touch-up with the soldering iron and it's back to normal, whatever that is.  I'm a bit disappointed with the octave but I'm keeping it because it's a good fuzz (and I voided the warranty).  The Normal/Mid-Cut switch is part of why it's a great fuzz.I think I'll replace the Fuzz control with a pot that provides a wider range before going into supersaturation but the rest of the controls I'll leave alone.Dislikes:  quality of Chinese products is a crap shoot.Likes: it's a good, affordable effect
The Joyo pedal looks kool and has some kool features but those are the main pros. Ive never been a big fuzz kind of player but i figured its only $40 so why not? The first thing i learned about this pedal is It does what it's suppose to do but with some drawbacks. There is veryyy loud feedback through the pedal. If you go this pedal and didnt have a noise suppresser you'd be up the creek. Although it is a fuzz pedal is it does "fuzz" things then that's why I give it 4 stars. I deduct 1 star because the loud feedback. But in the long run I would just check other pedal out and look for a better alternative.
This pedal sort of let me down a bit.I really cannot find a musical sounding adjustment,I can hear a small amount of octave when I adjust it but it is mostly a fuzz pedal with a mid range cut switch.If this was more of an octave pedal I would have been entirely more into the way it sounds.I kept it because to be honest it is very cheap.Why bother sending it back? It is a very good paper weight and I have even used it as a hammer and pounded nails in with it.Lets face it,If someone breaks into my house I can whack them on the head with it and knock them out.I just cannot get any octave sounds idk am I missing something? Joyo I like your other pedal but this one makes me want to punch your entire company in the mouth.
I got this from a "direct from china" vendor.  When it arrived the volume pot was not working.  It would only operate at about the first 1/4 of travel and then die off.  I was ready to give up but on the second day it just started working(???).  So I don't know if it's a fair representation of these pedals.  I have two other fuzz's(Swollen Pickle & MXR 108 Classic Fuzz).  To me this pedal is pretty nice but sounds a bit compressed.  The Octave feature is a little useless for anything other than lead work and the mid-cut makes it a bit nasal sounding.  Don't get me wrong, it's a pretty cool pedal but it's not as nice to my ears as my other two fuzz pedals.  But those pedals are about $100+ so if you just want to play around with a fuzz pedal this might do the trick.  But do buy from a local vender in case you get a lemon.  All in all I think if you really want a quality fuzz pedal you might be better off somewhere else.  I own a few other joyo pedals that I love but to me this one is just OK.
I am a fan of Joyo-  I own the vintage OD, the Ultimate Drive, the Sweet Baby, the US Dream,  the Crunchbox clone, and this one.  This is probably my least favorite Joyo pedal.  I'm giving it 3 stars for the fuzz it delivers on the cheap, but the octive leaves much to be desired.  I have read that there is a simple mod that will correct the octive issue.  Apparently, one of the components is installed in a reversed positon, which results in the lackluster octive.  I haven't taken mine apart for the fix, but I read that it's just unsolder, flip, and resolder the same component.  You can google it for better instructions.  Still, this ain't bad for the pocket change they charge.  The reason I haven't fixed it yet is I have the feeling that once I mod it, it will sound just like my Dano French Toast- albiet with a sturdier case and true bypass-
I can bear it and dig it cause fuzzy wuzzy was a bear and it is green like the frog ....dig it.  I must have gotten a really good one cause mine sounds great and is nothing like those on You Tube that sound so bad the only bad in mine is that what comes before behind and it is bad @55
For the price, this is an amazing pedal. The sound from a $40 pedal is outstanding, much better than I ever expected.The Voodoo is a fuzz pedal, meant to give a sort of Jimi Hendrix sound. This pedal creates fuzz and can raise a note an octave. Alone it does a decent job of transforming my guitar into something like Hendrix. I was able to hold a note for two minutes with this box, the sustain is big. All was not completely perfect, it might be me and the way I'm adjusting this, but I had a bit of trouble with feedback.From a sound standpoint, this is a great value and does a good job of fuzzing up my sound. Combined with Joyo's California, Hendrix is almost in the house. (Joyo JF-15 Guitar Effect Pedal California Sound True Bypass)I have a Boss ME-70 multi-effect pedal. This Joyo single effect pedal blows away my Boss pedal, I'm almost sad to say that. I don't have experience with other single effect pedals, so I can't make a comparison to those more costly pedals.I have a Marshall Amp and cabinet with 4 x 12 inch speakers. My guitar is a Gibson Les Paul 2008 Standard Plus.From a construction standpoint, these are remarkable for the price point. The whole thing has a good weight. The base has a dense skid resistant foam rubber on it. The box is a solid cast metal box, with a very heavy metal base. The bypass and octave up switches are solid and bolted tightly to the box. The 1/4 inch input and output jacks are really sweet - there is a metal insert that screws into the plastic internal jack. It looks to me like it would be very hard to break this jack - that outer ring is heavy duty. The pots look really good. For this pedal, they went with press on knobs. If the knob ever breaks, they are a very easy replacement at Radio Shack. The only weak point is the somewhat thin Mid Cut toggle switch. Given that it is between three knobs, I think it would be hard to break this switch - but it is a little lighter weight than I would like.The pedal comes with a 9 Volt battery. It also has a standard 9V power jack on the side, to use an AC adapter or large rechargeable battery pack.This is not a high end pedal, at this price point, nobody should ever expect that. But darn it, this is one amazingly nice pedal when I consider price. Well worth the investment.The GateShop provided me with a sample of this pedal for review.
This one sounds a bit nasal, and thin on guitar. I tried it on bass, and it gives you that big raw, ad thick stoner metal bass sound. I like it!
ok pedal.,,,,it does very good at bedroom volume,,,,,but at cranked Marshall stage volume, I do not like it,,,it does not play well then,,,the octave gets crazy..and screamy,,the fuzz becomes irritating  at loud volumes...,,,I got a Bonamassa Fuzz Face,,,end of search,,,
This pedal provides the classic octave distortion I sought after. For the price and product quality you can't go wrong with this one. And the functionality is great! Use it as a fuzz/distortion independently or switch on the octave up for the classic Jimi Hendrix like tones and harmonics
This device sounds okay, its usable. But you should plan ahead if you're in the USA and want one, it ships from mainland China, it takes a while to get to the States.
I'm not sure what I was expecting.  This definitely is a fuzz, but the one I got doesn't seem to have much in the way of subtlety.  It's either nothing, a lot, a lot more or way too much.  It's not bad and it's probably just my personal preferences, but this just isn't my cup of tea.
Not the greatest pedal..  Gives a really broken sound.  There is no mid way on this pedal either...  It seems its either all out fuzz assault or nothing.  The octave is a joke.  Having said all that I could see this pedal really shining with a punk sound where bar chords are in abundance.
Definitely worth the $40. If you are looking for a literal octave pedal this ain't it. This is a good old school fuzz monster, and when combinations of notes are played, most notably an interval of a 4th on the lower strings it creates an overtone series that has a subtle octving effect. I've used this pedal to put some growl in my bass, kind of an E.H. Bass Balls sound.
I love this it's do fun to play with. Every pedal that I buy of joyo amaze me. They are well built with a sound that is beautiful for that price. I'm sold out on joyo pedals.
Kenny Wayne Shepherd - "Blue On Black"Nail the lead - use a Strat in the neck position.Gets close enough to fake it for a club band.Sounds pretty close to the more expensive models from Chicago Iron.This pedal will save you $300 or more from the CI model - and it's close enough.Some are concerned with the switches - I am running it in an FX loop pedal - so it rarely gets the button pushed anymore.I have the Joyo Ultimate OD also - nice pedal - I think I like this little company.
