Definitely provided extra gripping surface.  The pick extends out from the rubber 'shell'.  Obviously the thin pics were thin and the thick ones were a lot stiffer.  Since you have the shell they are a bit thicker than a normal pick which may have to be gotten used to.  I know for me I prefer to grip the pick really close to the tips for harmonics and on these your fingers definitely don't slip but it's a bit more pic than I want.  So I do carry and use these occasionally but they aren't my everyday pick.
I've only been using the yellow one so far (only just started using them). But I like how the grip is strong cause of the rubber and the grooves. The colors and designs are pretty. As far as I can tell they are all the same width/thickness. For some reason I thought they'd have different thicknesses from a previous review. And so far I haven't lost any, yay!
wish i discovered these years ago.  comfortable and the grip works wonders.  nice clear tones with this pick tips.  thanks
My son says these picks are great to use because of the rubber grippers that make it easier to hold...especially when playing the guitar for an extended period of time. Highly recommend!
This pick is def not one I'd use to solo with, but its def a good pick for slower, more acoustic oriented guitar-work. Whenever I play a song consisting solely of chords, i break this guy out.
Picks with no texture or friction enhancement are old technology.  These pick are cutting edge.  None better.  Possibility created by the multi-flex feature and the grip.  Awesome.  These make me a better player.  I used to have trouble holding on to picks.  Problem solved.  Stress gone.
These Dava picks are very nice. They are about the equivalent of a medium weight pick.The rubber grip area is great. The feel is soft, just perfect for holding a long time. The Dunlop picks with the bumps are nice, but this just feels a lot better between my fingers.There are three little lines at the center of the pick, the bottom line is supposed to be less flex and the top line is supposed to have more flex. This is really hard to position my fingers on exactly the spots and there isn't much of an effect no matter where I place my fingers. The effect is subtle at best.The only criticism is the tip is a little bit too short; the rubber can end up striking the string.Overall, I like these picks a lot. The colors are cool and the rubber feels really good in my hand.
For about 30 yrs. have been playing finger style only - usually with alternating bass, and never really used a pick so this seemed like a good first choice.For the song I was performing, chords were Bm, E, F#m, and G (1st & 3rd position) and I needed to back up the singer so it was really just strumming with a tiny bit of playing just the first two strings as an intro.I found a very old and very thin Peavey pick unintentionally picking up what looked like the blue Dava in the bottom of my guitar case and it worked perfectly so I then ordered the Fender Abalone Thin picks and find they make playing chords quite easy.Fender 351 Premium Celluloid Guitar Picks, 12 Pack, Abalone, ThinMy ancient Peavey broke in half not long after, and I continued using the stub turned sideways while waiting for the new Fender picks to arrive because I liked the extra flex)Seems like more advanced players like at least a medium to better pick individual strings, but since I never liked using a pick at all, the Fender Thin works best for me and I'm enjoying learning to use it on songs like Eric Clapton's interpretation of Bessie Smith's "Nobody Knows You..."I'll try the Dava picks again later if I feel the need. I play Simon and Garfunkel's version of Scarborough Fair which is exclusively finger picking and George Harrison's "Here Comes the Sun" - where he uses a pick, but it is still easier for me to pick out the individual notes fingerstyle.This is all on an acoustic 6 string steel guitar, using D'Addario EJ16 Phosphor Bronze light strings.Bristol by Blueridge BD-16 Dreadnaught Acoustic Guitar (Natural)D'Addario EJ16 Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, LightFor the rank beginner who has never picked up a pick before, the Fender thin makes it easier to strum because the pick flexes so it's not as essential to turn your wrist as much to get the pick to move smoothly over the strings.The grip is better on the Dava, but they aren't going to flex as much. Undoubtedly better for more accomplished players. Most advice I've seen says try 'em all and decide for yourself. I was just amazed and delighted how much easier the Fender thin made it for me to get started.
I have tryed a number of pick's and the textured ones seem to work for me.  I have dexdarity problems, Regular pick's without grips come out of my hands cause I am unable to control them,  So I needed something with a little more weight to it  allthough my fingures want to move around a little bit  I love these picks  now I can move my thumb and index fingers back to the bottom of the pick,  and it feels comfortable,  I used to do that with other (non textured)  pick's, And I kept droping them.These pick's are a must have,  allso, sinse theire heavier then other pick's,  these and the Ice pick's really build up Your hand's And finger's.I love these  pick's,  Im  defintley getting some more.
These stay connected, but aren't so wide that they change the style of picking.  I like them, and so does my music teacher.  We try to stay stocked in these picks.
So far I really like these. The thickness is about right for me which is sort of a light/medium. The grip is exceptional and they look sort of cool. I got six of them and will probably get more when these wear out. I doubt I will lose them.
I take a medication that makes my hands shake; therefore, I have a difficult time with fine muscle movements. I switched from Dunlop Jazz III's, which I loved, to these puppies because they have a great feel to them and you don't have to worry about dropping them. They are also bigger than the Jazz III's, making it a bit easier to hold on to.
In an attempt to see what's new in the pick industry, I decided to dive in and give these a go.  They are way too flimsy if, like me, you use a heavier pick.  I have always used Dunlop Tortex greens and these Davas just can't compete.  Not only were they too flimsy, but when I played with any aggression (heavy rock-based material), the picks would fly out of my hands.  This was a huge disappointment.
I love the concept and design of these picks save one flaw-the rubber gripping goes down too far on the pick.  I don't know any guitar players that have their thumb on the entire pick, and since it goes down so far it's hard to pick clean without hitting the rubber on the strings sometimes.  I do love how they bend in the middle and the grippy rubber but I think they should scale the rubberization back a little bit.
Good grip, but too flexible, and the description says nothing the thickness or the flexibility of these picks. Probably good for strumming, but not good for lead.
I have always had trouble holding onto picks. My fingers just couldn't do it for extended play. Nothing worse than shaking your pick out of the body! LOL. I wish I would have thought of these. They were just what I needed. They work great.
I was still searching for a pick to replace the ones I left somewhere. I knew these were not the ones I sought, but they are great. They don't move around in my hand, I have yet to drop one, and for the first time I noticed that a pick can make a difference in the sound of a guitar. These sound great. I've found a new favorite pick.
I like the feel and the rubber on the pick helps to keep it from slipping in your hand while playing.
I keep ordering more of these picks.  I love the rubber grip and the mediums are just the right thickness for me.  Great product!
I really like using this pick with my acoustic nylon string guitar.  The rubber makes it easy to hold onto and I feel it obtains good sound on the guitar as well.
These picks are kind of thin, flexible, and have a good rubber grip.  They're as good for speed-picking as they are for strumming.  The only complaint I have is that they're too thin for me.  The pack brings 6 picks.  If you're looking for thin, flexible picks with a good grip, then these will do.
The grip on these is pretty great, I haven't dropped them at all and I've been playing so much better. They give a nice crisp sound with my Elixir nanoweb strings.
Dava 6024 Grip TipItem is as advertised.  This is my first attempt at playing the mandolin for which I selected this product.  They work just fine for a starter.  I may learn different as time goes along, assuming that you can teach an old dog new tricks as the saying goes.
These are amazing. I'm an intermediate player. Have been for the last 30 years. I tend to have sweaty hands and loose grip. Every other pick I have used has turned in my fingers...loose grip, little sweat, slick finish. Ok now...thin? med? heavy? You can choose the stiffness just by where you hold the pick. Incredible how the stiffness will change depending on where you hold it. And I can even hold onto it. Very nice grip on these. I have to keep getting more cuz everytime I hand one to someone to try, it's the last time I see it. Just hit Add to cart. You won't be sorry
Picks are one of those items in which taste is 98% of what decides if it works for each or not. That being said I have to admit that these picks are very high quality. The design is really pragmatic and effective. I recently was introduced to these by a student of mine and I have to say for the first time in 15+ years I changed my picks.I used dunlop made with Lexan material and those I found to be perfect until these came along. Sometimes change is good! We just need to be open to it.
