I sprayed on all my guitars.  No problem with any chemical reactions.  It polished the body of the glossy guitars up like new.  Now i can see how guitar stores keep them looking so nice.  It must be from a product like this.  They seriously look brand new.  Makes nicks and scratches less noticeable.  If you want a nice looking guitar for the stage or display, this stuff works.
Used this on my mandolin and it brought back the new instrument sheen it had lost months ago. I sprayed it on a bit of cheesecloth, used that to rub the instrument down, then wiped with a soft Chamois, worked like a charm.
I love the Dunlop Formula 65 polish and cleaner. It works really well, and I like the easy to use pump spray mechanism. I've used other brands in the past, and they had poor spray nozzles. This one works almost like a mist. It does a good job of removing smudges and fingerprints. I spray it directly on the surface of the guitar, and then wipe it off with a flannel cloth. After I'm done the shine looks glassy and great!
It has a pleasant smell to it, not harsh at all. A little goes a long way. My guitar polishes up really nice after wiping it down with the dunlop 65. nothing to complain about.
I can't say I'm a polish connoisseur, but this stuff seems to work very well.  It shined up all my instruments and got rid of all those nasty fingerprints and smudge marks.  I'm not very diligent in my guitar maintenance, so this bottle should last me for years.
Dunlop 65 cleans the smudges and fingerprints off, but I dont know how well it actually polished. I like it well enough, just make sure you have a microfiber cloth to keep from scratching the lacquered surfaces.
I get a lot of grease on my guitar from lotion, sweat, fingerprints, dust, what have you; I take some of this, spray it on a cloth, give it some elbow grease, and my guitars are shiny as the day it was made. I use it on my acoustic and electric guitars. The bottle lasts pretty long cause the mist is pretty fine. I use two sprays on the cloth for the front side of the guitar and then repeat for the back. It has a fresh lemon scent. I recommend this to everyone, a lot of product for an affordable price.
Very nice polish! I have thirteen guitars and I would like to keep them all looking as great as they were new! Gets very shiny and smooth almost like its new from the guitar shop! Use it on everything!
Friend of mine has been playing/cleaning/modifying guitars for some 30+ years and this is what he recommended I use on my guitar to clean it.  Who am I to argue with him, he's used them all and said this was the best.  Easy to use - a little goes a long way, works very well and shines up nice.  He was right - great product!
The standard for mild, non-oily instrument cleaners. Leaves no residue, easy on old guitars' finishes. I have used it for years.
Item arrived on time and as described.  My son loves this polish/cleaner.  He likes to keep his guitars clean and shiny.  They glisten when he uses this to polish them.  Great product!
I was looking for a cleaner and a polisher to get the grease and grime off my guitars. I decided to trythe Dunlop Formula 65 Polish & Cleaner. I thought, why not try a 2 in 1 formulation? After all, thereare shampoo and conditioners in one bottle, and that works well for me. So why not this? Possiblyfaulty logic but I went with it at the time.Well I have to say that it did well. I used a soft cotton cloth, placed some Formula 65 on the cloth(Not the guitar) and slowly worked on the more oily looking areas of my Gibson ES-339. This guitarmodel has a high gloss black lacquer finish. The Dunlop Polisher & Cleaner did a very good job on thefinish and did not leave any streaks behind.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It was after using the substance all over the guitar that I realized that one must not get Formula 65in any cracks or chips. I am thankful that I did not have any of said cracks or chips. I am usually oneto read directions thoroughly; but not this time. No harm done but I will make it a point to inspect myguitars for cracking or chipping prior to using Formula 65 again.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This stuff works well. It was able to lift off, with some effort, greasy build-up over the last year. I amnot a messy person but oily hands can and often leave smudges that mar the surface of the finish. Notonly does it clean up the oils from my hands and gosh knows what else, it also left a nice shine as well.The finish looks very good. This 4oz bottle will go a long way. It doesn't take much to work.I tried using an untreated micro-fiber polish cloth and that only pushed the oily mess around. That iswhen I decided to get the Dunlop Polisher & Cleaner. It definitely worked a lot easier than the un-treated micro-fiber cloth. I am now using the micro-fiber cloth to rub off any new smudges as theyoccur. I plan to re-apply the cleaner/polisher when I oil my fret board a couple times a year.I gave the Formula 65 Cleaner & Polisher 4-1/2 stars due to the fact you can potentially do damage toyour guitar. Chips and cracks do occur throughout the course of a guitar's life and can be expectedalbeit not wanted. So 4-1/2 stars because it does what it says it will do but you've got to be carefulusing it. So...be careful out there people....NOTE: There is a "California Propositon 65 Warning" on the web page under 'Product Details'. Amazonhas placed it there as a public service. It reads: "WARNING: This product contains chemicals knownto the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm." Just thoughtyou ought to know.
Up until a few years ago I had been using the same old brand I'd been buying for 20 years.  Then, I tried this recipe... Dunlop 65.  It is wonderful.  It does everything the product description tells you about.  Excellent cleaner on both wood (painted and natural) and metal.  I use it to clean not only the body, but the tuning heads and bridge on my bass guitar.  No nasty residue build up over time.  It cleans and polishes just like it was designed to do, without streaking and so on.  You'll like this stuff better than anything you've used to date....or at least I think so.  I sure do.
Spray on a fairly minimal amount across the body of the guitar and rub down with a lint free cloth.  Shines nice and doesn't leave it feeling oily/sticky.  Smells nice and makes your guitar looking new!
This polish works well for what I need it for. I am not a clean freak but I take good care of my instruments and this works well not only to remove the crud and fingerprints from a gig, but puts a nice shine on the guitar without having to work to hard with the polish to get there.
I like this cleaner - it's gentle on my guitar finish and it doesn't smell bad either.
My buddy used this for a long time so I thought I'd give it a try. Shines up guitars very nice. I use it every time I change my strings for a little zaz. It does It's job in fantastic fashion, but doesn't last the longest. The shine will fade soon enough, but looks great while it lasts.
This is the best guitar cleaner and polish I have ever used. It cleans the grime and greasy fingerprints off very easilly and leaves a brilliant shine without a waxy/greasy feeling that cream polishes leave. This is a must for black guitars. Great product. Only wish was that is was bigger than 4oz. It's quite expensive for 4oz. But 2 or 3 sprays does the whole guitar including the neck.
Took away my fingerprints and dust off my guitar and polished it to a shine that you couldn't see a reflection in yourself!
provides a great finish with a nice glossy shine.  Does not leave streaks if used properly.  This dries quickly every time.
Have used it on a couple of ukuleles.  On my old dirty beginner uke that had been sitting in a closet unused for years it really made it look like new again.  I'm satisfied.
This has got to be one of the best polish ive ever used on a guitar?Going to also last for a long time, cause just a small amount goes a long ways.
I have many acoustic guitars and I use this on all of them to keep them looking good. Easy to use, wipe on and wipe off.
It really makes your guitar shine! Also I use it on my guitar neck and fretboard and keeps it smooth and shiny. 5 stars. Also the price is right.
This is just an excellent product. I have been using this product on my guitars for over a year now and as long as they keep making it, I will keep using it. You only need a very little bit to polish the entire guitar and you don't need to use it for every polish. Once you put it on initially, you can simply buff your guitar with a dry cloth for the next two or three cleanings and the shine comes right back. There is enough in one bottle to last a very long time.I highly recommend this product and would like to also refer you to the Dunlop 65 lemon oil for cleaning your fretboards. The lemon oil very quickly removes any residue and shines the fretboard up extremely well. When it dries, your fretboard is beautiful and very smooth for all your bending and sliding tricks. 50 stars.
Puts on a good shine for your instrument.  I like the spray bottle applicator.  You can even apply a shine to the fingerboard area underneath the strings.
I love this product! It is very cheap and the spray bottle makes it very efficient for distributing an even ammout of product on your guitar.  You end up using just the right ammount.  Would definately recommend it!
If there are still people out there who don't believe in magic, just try this. It has truly elevated my playing a few notches. I'd probably have bought another bottle already, but this one seems to be lasting forever! I've had it a few months now, I use it pretty much a few times everyday, and it still seems full.If after using this your playing doesn't improve, then maybe you should give up guitar.
Nice Polish/cleaner  Really works very well on the finishes I have (cheap glossy chinese electrics, and a matte finish acoustic).  handy to have when your changing strings (to clean that nasty fretboard- wow do those things get dirty!) Pleasant scent (lemon oil), and no residue.  Lasts a long time (2 or 3 squirts will do an entire guitar.
Love this stuff, I have been using it for years and it always does the job well. Cleans polishes and has a pleasant citrus scent. Cleans off grease, fingerprints, old beer and restores that sweet shine.
I've relied on this stuff for years, and it has yet to let me down.  I play my guitars quite frequently, and they tend to collect a fair amount of sweat, etc., during a show. A couple sprays of this product and a quick wipe down with a guitar chamois return my axe to its shiny self, with zero degradation to the finish. I've even used this on matte or light finishes with good results.Tip: a little goes a long way. I play every week, I use this stuff every time I put away a guitar, and it still takes me at least a year or so to finish a bottle.  I figure this stuff costs me about 25 cents per month.  :)
It's cleaned and polished pretty my Taylor guitar pretty well.  I would recommend this.  If not this one, at least buy some kind of cleaner/polish.  Protect your investment.
You can use a standard eye-glass cleaning cloth (about 2 quid) with this instead of buying a micro-fibre cloth (at 5 quid) they both do the same, imo. You could also use eye-glass cleaning solution instead (which I have in the past) but this special solution works better on the wood and laminate surface of guitars - but not on eye-glasses (smiles). This really does shine up your wood quite well. I recommend.
