V5 = 4 starBugera customer service = -5 starsLets be realistic, this is a very inexpensive tube amp. Nothing more, nothing less.Its price reflects exactly what it is, and thats a good thing, and also not so good.First off, the amp shipped with bad tubes. (microphonic)Not a big deal, it happens all the time. But ...Bugera was no help at all, their customer service is by far the worst Ive ever dealt with.They are clueless, arrogant and condescending.I bought replacement tubes and solved the issue, but thats not the point.This experience alone will probably stop me from ever purchasing another Bugera/Behringer product.Now about the amp itself.Its ok, at best. It has no headroom, even on the 5w setting. I realize a tiny combo wont have much, but this thing has nothing.It clips far too easily, and forget about running an overdrive pedal into it. You will only get a muddy, garbled mess.Clean tones are ok, but dont expect Fender type cleans, they arent there.Think of Marshall cleans, or even Vox.The speaker isnt worth the paper its made from.I plugged the amp into a Celestion 1x12 cab (just for comparison) and it was a whole lot better.Its built very well, even compared to many amps costing far more. If youre looking for a "vintage" tube amp, but either cant afford or cant justify the price of a good one, you should try a V5.Im the latter, because I only play at home I simply cant justify $1K or more for a good tube amp.The classic overdrive sound of the 70s is all over this amp. If youre looking for a late 60s - 70s "cranked" amp stack tone, well, its here. But only if you crank the master and keep the preamp set low.Turn up the preamp and all you'll get is a flat, flubby "farty" unusable tone.I love and hate the V5, though the price is unbeatable, its shortcomings (no headroom/horrid overdrive) are hard to live with.You sometimes what you pay for, and in this case, if you want that vintage 70s tone at "bedroom" volumes, you cant go wrong with the V5.
I should start by saying that I did not buy this from Amazon. Not that it's a bad price, but I got a discount on an open box demo unit at a local Guitar Center for $179.00. I've seen them cheaper for used ones, but I wanted a new one with a warranty.I am using this amp for an electric violin and for an acoustic violin with a pickup. I wanted the cleanest sound, with bare bones controls and that's what this little champ provides. Most of the time, I use it with the Gain on 1 or 2 and the Volume past 5.It's very cool that it has 5w, 1w, and .1w settings. I haven't seen that in any amp in this price range. The 1w setting is perfect for my studio, and the .1w setting is great for using with the headphones jack. The 5w setting can really crank out the volume.You could spend about $100 more and get a Vox AC4 series all tube amp. That's another amp I was considering. I wanted something not too big and portable, but could use at home without shredding the walls. But the Vox doesn't even have Reverb like the Bugera which has only a single pre-amp tube. And the Vox is 4w, while the Bugera boasts 5w.I know if I plugged an electric guitar in and cranked the gain I could get some lovely distortion, because I've tried that with the violin. The digital reverb has a spacious feel. I love reverb and wouldn't buy an amp without it.It seems to be built well and only time will tell if it holds up under daily use, which I plan to do. When it comes time to change the tube, there are many choices for a nice upgrade to something better than the stock Bugera tube. I've even read online where people drop in a different speaker, but in my opinion the Bugera 8" speaker is just fine and sounds like a bigger one.All in all, I'm very pleased. I also tried the Bugera V22 all tube amp at the same Guitar Center. But, that's way too much amp for me at this time. If I were to fill a large hall with sound, that would be the way to go. The V22 is sweet. I had never heard of Bugera until I tried that model and was really impressed. Another option is to unplug the speaker in the V5, (yes, the speaker has a plug and a jack!) and drive another speaker cabinet, which Bugera also makes. You can use any speaker cabinet, I guess, that has a minimum of 4 OHMS, which is clearly written near the jack.The Bugera V5 is perfect for me, and I wouldn't go down to the smaller Bugera BC15. I think Bugera has hit the nail on the head with quality and value, and I'll be looking into other products made by Bugera/Behringer/Music Group. The seem to be all the same company.
This little amp gives a warm and gritty sound. Arrived in days and free ship (heavy little bugger). Small footprint allows me to place in my studio and get that deep sound like a big tube amp. Use a Shure mike at 2 feet and the sound is amazing. Recommend this amp for a small space or miked in small venue. Really happy with sound.
This amp really surprized me. It's made in china but it appears to be well madeand looks great. There is a headphone jack which is why I bought it.I would suggest useing a overdrive or distortion pedal. gain here isnt great reverb isnt great ether. But over all this amp is a most welcome deal. No transistor amp I own sounds as good. but I would suggest pedals
This is a great little amp especially for the money. It's all tube, has a power attenuator, headphone out and reverb all for under $200 - CRAZY!! It's built extremely well and has some weight to it, but you'd have no problem carrying it to a small gig. A 5 watt tube amp is still quite LOUD, so the attenuator is a god-send.How does it sound you ask? Tone is subjective, but to my ears it can get quite "Marshally" without a lot of work with a Les Paul as well as a Tele. I don't own a Strat, so I can't comment on single coils through it. On the 1 watt setting with the volume pinned and the gain on about 5 I had a damn good "Back In Black" style hard rock tone. If you want to play Metal you're going to need a distortion/overdrive pedal. I've found that if you pin the gain it can get a bit boxy and fizzy. The headphone out isn't great, it's good enough for practice, but don't try to use it as a line out for recording.I've done some recording using a 57 on-axis about an inch from the speaker grill slightly right of center. When stacking 3-4 tracks (especially using different guitars) I got a HUGE, Plexi like tone without it getting muddy or fuzzy.I haven't swapped tubes or the speaker - it's completely stock. I might try putting a Jensen speaker in it, but the stock tone is just fine as it is. The stock speaker is an 8" Bugera "vintage" (think greenback clone) and it is darker than a lot of small speakers. A lot of guys are swapping out the tubes for JJ's or GT's, but it all depends on what you're after for tone.A lot of guitar snobs are afraid of the Beringer name on it (Bugera is made by Beringer), but I found this amp to be very good quality - especially given that it was made in China.I would recommend this amp if you are looking for good tube tone on the cheap. It's an excellent platform for mods if you are the tweaking type. I was able to get great Marshall like tone out of it quite easily. Good stuff!!
I'd give this baby six stars if I could. My prior practice amp (a Vox) was very nice, but finally went south and required replacement. I was looking for something with a great tube sound, as most of the solid-state amps that I've used (mainly fenders and line6 stuff) just don't get there. I was actually looking at the Fender Blues Junior and headed to my local GC to check 'em out and listen side-by-side. The first time I plugged a Strat into this guy in the store, I was blown away (and that was with all of the Jimmy Page wannabes cranking different amps all over the store). I've gotta say, part of me was hoping to rationalize the extra buck for a Blues Junior, but the Bugera actually sounded better. The only one left in the store was the floor model, so I grabbed it.Got it home and cranked it up and here are my observations:- It's solid and heavy. It's still a small-fry (slightly bigger than most 15w amps out there), but much heavier.- The construction is great. I think I read some reviews that knocked the construction, but from the handle to the floor everything looks like it's built to last.- The sound is even better at home (without the GC cacophony)- Adjustments are minimal, but enough. The tone adjustment basically takes the tone from fat to sharp. I've run my Strat, Tele and Taylor T5 through this. I think the hard bodies get the best blues tone, but I can get a really nice clean tone from my T5- The headphones sound great. I was really surprised by this. I would have thought you needed the speaker to get that great fat tube tone, but sounds awesome through a pair of good headphones- The price is self-explanatory, but that's really the part that blew me away. This amp would sell for double the price tag.
Once I read about the Bugera B5, I knew I wanted one.  Why futz with tube-like effects when you can have real, live tubes -- two in fact!  Only five Watts, yes, but that's still enough to fill a room.  But it's the extras that cinch the deal: this is built like a brick house -- you can jump up and down on it if you want to.  It has an internal cable for the speaker, so you can easily plug in a different cabinet.  Comes with built-in reverb.  Headphone jack standard.  Best of all: an attenuator, so you can get the cranked sound even at low volume levels.  Easily upgradeable -- I put new tubes and speaker into mine, though I probably didn't have to.  A small but effective little amp.Edit: I had modded my Bugera with a Jensen MOD-8 and used it for bass, but recently I found a source for Celestion Super 8 drivers and popped one of those in.  Amazing low-end output for such a small cab!
I admit I got this from Guitar Center on clearance, but over the past week or so I've had it, I just love plugging into it. I've got a great vintage larger amp, but would rather not lug it around for just small practice sessions, and I'm anticipating spending some time in apartment living, so I was looking for a small, tube-based amp. This thing gives great tone with both a Strat and a Les Paul clone, and an overdrive pedal works very well with it. Of course it's not too loud - that's the whole point! I should note that turned on it has a hum that my other amps don't have, but it's really low volume. Also, the tubes do take a minutes to warm up, and since it doesn't have a standby switch, you just have to turn down the volume knob before plugging in. But it just is great stuff to plug into something with solid tone without having to burn my ears (or those of anyone else). Great little amp.
