Notice in the name guitar INPUT. This is not to be confused with the Amplitube iRig which achieves input and output through the iPad/iOS devices headphone jack. Headphone connections can be noisy and have reliable connection problems. They also depend on the built in AD/DA converters in the iPad/iOS device. This Apogee Jam 96k is a professional quality INPUT device that has dedicated A/D analogue to digital converter, but depends on the built in hardware of the iPad/iOS device for playback. On the other hand &#34;Apogee One&#34; has both AD and DA convertors for both input and output.Amplitube iRig from IK Multimedia has a simple stereo headphone in and out jack plug that plugs into your iPad. The built in hardware in the iPad is something that I love for doing something like watching a movie cozying up to the 10 inch screen, but for audio-phile quality you need a dedicated a dedicated pre and AD convertor and that is what this Apogee Jam 96k has. Mind you it has that for audio recording input, but playback is handled via your headphone jack on your iPad. You can of course just use that for monitoring your mix, and then save the file in a digital format internally, and send to a playback device with pristine digital audio quality; e.g. saving as a .Wav file. This makes the Apogee 96k Jam a very usable device to achieve high quality recordings at a very nice price.So here it the continuum. Amplitube iRig for headphone jack input and output quality built into your iPad etc. The Apogee Jam 96k for digital quality conversion on input only with playback being handled by headphone jack on iPad. The Apogee One on the other hand at roughly 3 times the price gives you both AD/DA conversions so it has its own audio output jack plus 2 tracks of recording either 1/4&#34; instrument and/or a balanced external microphone jack. It also comes with a built in condenser mic that is pretty amazing. It also has 48 volt phantom power for using your favorite condenser mic. When you get into the Apogee Duet and Quartet you get more connections, plus the all too important option of MIDI connectivity.
So, first up:  I've been using Macs to record music since the G4 Cube... yeah, go look that up.  Anyway, I know my way around audio recording on Apple devices.And then: yeah, this thing looks kind of cheesy or flimsy...BUT: I haven't encountered anything so Plug & Play simple as the Apogee JAM 96k since Gefen introduced the iMic.  Just plug in the USB or Lightning cable, plug in your instrument and GO.Also, it's not flimsy.  It is made of plastic, but the thing has a bit of heft to it and survived a tumble to the floor from my desk.It pulls power from your machine, so no worries about some adapter introducing hum to your recordings. This also helps those of us using electric guitars that don't have extra-wound humbuckers.I tested the Apogee JAM on a new (2014) MacBook Air, an iPhone 5, and a 2013 iPad Mini.  Garageband instantly knew what was going on, but ProTools did need a bit of coaching.A small device that doesn't color input sound and doesn't get in the way... just what I needed!
The apogee Jam works great and it sounds great. The operation is very simple: you plug in your guitar and plug in to your Mac or ios device. I have mine hooked up to my MacBook, running Garage Band. If there is any latency I can't hear it. It works beautifully. Apogee is known for making good music products and this Jam is no exception. I was able to plug in a microphone (line level) into this as well and record my vocals. Likewise, it worked well with my 4-string bass as well. I was able to record a whole song in no time. For a simple audio interface, this is affordable and dependable.
4.6 starsMy main concern with adapters like this is sound quality. The A/D is often weak, and there is sometimes too much latency for it to be useful for multi-tracking. Apogee covers both areas well with this little puppy; the A/D is quite smooth, and it transfers the signal near perfectly. And little it is, not much bigger than the jack. If Bon Scott only knew...But small though it may be, there's plenty of signal processing power in there, and while it doesn't stand up my best outboard gear, it offers very clean, clear sound transfers from guitar, bass, keys and line mics, so that you can do good-sounding entire tunes on your laptop with only the JAM as interface. Which is yet another step forward in high-quality home recordings. I like the thought that we're getting closer to folks releasing things entirely by themselves on their own sites, and not paying Crapple a huge chunk of profits for merely hosting a file. Record companies and file hosts are increasingly anachronistic due to tech like this JAM, and maybe soon enough we'll see artists keeping ALL of the profits from their art. Imagine that!This offers very close to studio quality, but keep in mind that even with 24-bit it is solid state. Once you've used a good tube preamp you know what a difference in warmth in can make. I ran this through one of mine and the A/B made it very obvious that old school studio gear still has its place.Speaking of Crapple, the ads for this suggest that it is for iStuff only, which is not true. I ran it on 7 Ultimate and it worked a charm, so don't be fooled by the typically proprietary ads, which Cook and co. probably insist on: &#34;Don't mention anybody but us! Offer no alternatives! They must stay in our universe!&#34; Well, you needn't, this works with almost anything, so don't be fooled by the ad copy.The only negative I can find is that it is a little chintzy in outer build, making one wonder how good the internals are, and how long they'll hold up. A stronger, more solid sleeve would have been nice, especially at the price of 130. But it does sound good, though as it may be used for portable purposes, you might want to wrap it for transport in a little hand towel or such to make sure shocks don't mess with it. Take care of your recording equipment and it will take care of your music!
This will work with my daughter's iPod Touch generation 4.  However, the "Garage Band" app is for iOS 7, and hers is an iOS 6.1 and will not update to 7.  So, though she can't use Garage Band, there are others that are supposed to work.  She downloaded the Ampkit app and it works great with her iPod and the Apogee Jam.Here is a list of other apps that are supposed to work with the Apogee Jam:AmpkitAmpliTube (version 2.5 or greater)Amps & CabsAnytuneApple GarageBandAudio Deck ProfessionalBias iProRecorderEveryDay LooperFairlight SamplerFantastocrats StudioMiniGibson's L&M;Hindenburg Field RecorderiAnalyzeriMovieiRecorder ProiShred LiveJamUpLoopyMcDSP Retro RecorderMultitrack DAWNano Studio (TRG-16 pad sampling)PocketAmpPocketGKReap DFXRiot FXRock Prodigy: GuitarScratchTonesSonoma FourTrackSonoma GuitarToneStudio Devil Guitar AmpTaylor EQVocaLive (version 1.5 or greater)Voice MemosXewton Music Studio 2.0It's a pretty cool idea, but the cords are a nuisance.  Most electric guitar players like to stand while playing, and the cords need some managing to keep them out of the way and not have them pull out of their connections.  I was surprised at how small the JAM is.....slightly bigger than a Bic cigarette lighter.  Using this is much more convenient than lugging an amp around, and it saves on other's ears and nerves if they can only hear the acoustic playing of the guitar strings, especially if you are beginner guitarist!Overall pretty good, and very simple to operate.  Just make sure you have a full charge on the device of your choice.  My daughter also used it to record her playing and said that was easy to do.
I've been recording on my iMac, iPod Touch, iPad, and iPhone for some time, using Garage Band. Interfacing with the iMac is easy, using various USB devices- I'm currently using a USB-equipped Alesis preamp. iOS device interface is a bit more difficult; it is possible to use USB preamps, with an externally powered USB hub, but that starts getting very complicated and messy.  I've been using simple devices like the 1K that  split the headphone/microphone jack into two separate cords, one for headphone, and one for guitar. The problem with this sort of configuration is that it's very easy to overload the microphone input, and the recording quality done this way is not very good. The Apogee JAM is a big improvement over this method for a number of reasons. First, it contains its own dedicated preamp and A/D, and because of that it delivers a wide dynamic range and excellent fidelity. Interface issues are non-existent; plugged into both the iPad and iPhone it was immediately recognized. I didn't have any problems with either of the three supplied cables.The JAM is significantly more expensive than the simple interfaces, but on the whole I think it's worth it. It's simple to use, has no detectable latency, and delivers excellent sound quality. It does seem to draw a fair amount of current, and battery life  is shortened significantly when using this with an iPhone. You'll want to plan on more frequent than usual recharging sessions. With the iPad, this isn't as noticeable. Even with that issue, I think the JAM is a good value.  The various iOS devices are capable of making very high quality recordings, but only with quality input. Given the cost of an new iPhone or iPad, the cost of the JAM is rather trivial in comparison.
