Works great for what it is designed for
This is a very high quality strap. The supple leather is excellent as is the workmanship.However, I don't like the plastic end pieces. They are large and -- well -- plastic. So I'm sending it back.I'm going to go with an inexpensive nylon strapProtec Guitar Strap with Leather Ends and Pick Pocket, Blackand straplocksSchaller Security Locks - Nickelfor about the same price.This is mainly a matter of personal preference. If you don't mind the plastic end pieces, this is a beautiful strap.
I'm a beginning player so I'm trying to make things as simple as possible starting out.  I was looking for an easy way to get my strap on and off my acoustic, and really didn't want to mess around with changing out the hardware to mount straplocks.  This strap performs exactly the same function without having to do anything additional to my guitar.  The ratcheting heads are kind of wide and my top button is fairly close to the neck so at first it was a really tight squeeze, but a little customization of the strap head with a file and some sandpaper solved that issue.The locking mechanism works by way of a keyhole that rotates closed with a ratchet gear to lock the strap head to the button. To attach, put the keyhole over the button and rotate it closed.  Your strap is now locked in place. To remove it, hold the release lever and rotate the keyhole back to its fully opened position.  That's it.  Really, it's that simple.I'm a taller guy (6'3&#34;) and after adjustment there is plenty of strap to spare should I need it longer at some point. The leather feels robust, and it was pretty soft and comfortable right out of the box.  Can't wait to see how it does after it breaks in. This was a great choice and I couldn't be happier.
This strap is perfect!  It locks on your pins, no worry about sudden disconnects and is comfortable (it's not padded).  Highly recommend!
I can see this strap lasting a long time. I love how I don't need new strap buttons, considering that the screws may be smaller than the original strap button screws (which facilitates the strap button falling out and your guitar smacks the limestone floor!).You can lock each strap button with one hand- great product!
