At this price how can you go wrong?Comfortable and sturdy.Works just fine, thank you.Bought another for my Strat.
This is a very comfortable strap.  Because it is cotton, this strap is more flexible than many nylon straps.  It fits the guitar perfect, and is easy to adjust.  Well made, and you can't beat the price.
When I first felt this strap, I smiled...This is so supple to the touch, making playing with it a great experience. Yet it's durable enough even for the roughest of players. It is fully adjustable, allowing for all body types. This is the first strap that I've bought in a long time. I have a Planet Waves strap with studs and I like it very much. I'ts the only strap I've ever used. Untill now. Now I have it put away and I'm using this one. If yore looking for a new strap, I highly recommend this one. Trust me...You will not be disapointed by it. Yeah it looks a little plain, but it doesn't slide around while playing and I love it!! BUY IT ALREADY!! XD
I got this strap just to try something different than a nylon. At first it was kind of weird since the strap grips your shirt a little bit and wrinkles it up if you try to move it around. But after a while I found it a quite useful feature of this strap because your guitar wont slide around when you're playing and will stay nice and steady while playing. Those with neck heavy guitars might also want to give this a shot since it grips so well. It is also very long, longer than i thought. I have it slung a little low, and there's plenty of slack left on the strap. So it's probably long enough for Shaq to use it and still sling it as low as James Hetfield.  The only complaint I have about this guitar is the fact that it was a little tough to get on my epiphone les paul. But again it adds another feature to the strap, since the thing isn't falling off anytime soon! I almost feel like I wont even need strap locks it's so good. Also the holes are very strong and have not torn open at all, which usually happens on a heavy guitar like the one I have.  All in all a perfect buy for the money.
This strap is nice and comfortable but your guitar will fall off of it easily. I plan on using strap locks so it won't matter to me but if you don't use strap locks, your guitar may hit the floor and ruin your whole day.My advice. Install strap locks on all of your guitars and protect your investment. Then choose comfortable straps that won't scratch your guitar (like this one).
This guitar strap was so inexpensive compared to the other ones I was concerned that it would be flimsy and look terrible. Since I planned on using it as a mandolin strap I figured it would be alright if it wasn't strong enough for a guitar.I was pleasantly surprised to find it well-made with a clean, simple appearance. I am getting another one for my acoustic guitar and may replace the leather strap on my electric guitar with one of these also.
I picked up a couple of these straps, one for a Les Paul and one for a bass.  Anyone who's ever played a Les knows that a wide comfortable strap is a must-have.  This one fits the bill.  The end-pieces are thick, with a peg-hole that just fits--not so small you have to cut and not so large you're worried about the guitar slipping out.  The cotton strap itself is pliable and comfortable.  It doesn't scratch like the plastic straps do and it doesn't grab your shirt so badly.  Can't complain.  Good strap at a good price.
Leather tends to be stiff and not very flexible.  Nylon has incredible strength but isn't very comfortable.  In my humble opinion, cotton twill is totally the way to go.  It's comfortable and adequately strong.  This strap is sturdy and robust, and it's plain black.  You can't go wrong here.Schaller strap locks are compatible with this strap.  You should buy those too, they're great.It gets five stars for being not only better than most other competing products, but also a lot cheaper.
Looking for a strap that is sturdy, comfortable, and simple in design, I use this strap along with and without the Planet Waves quick release system, perfect for use when I am standing and playing.  I have several, for our electrics and acoustics.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.
As good as advertized.Rugged and sturdy.Live up to expectations and is comfortable.I would definitely buy a few more of these.
