I love these picks, especially in this gauge. They are a bit thinner than the jazz 3s, so if you master em, you can in theory, play faster ;) They have a good grip, and a nice texture. The tone it gives isn't bad either.
Black Tortex picks with silver lettering.The Jazz picks are about 25% smaller than standard Tortex picks and have a more pronounced point.
I've been using Dunlap's Tortex picks now for going on 10 years, and recently just switched over to heavy Jazz picks (smaller - sharper tip). These picks work great. They provide enough surface area that they won't slip easily from between your fingers. They allow for a high level of sensory feedback from your fingertips once you get used to them. Any jazz or soloist guitar player would likely find these extremely comfortable to use. I also prefer the high thickness so there's no flex in the pick while playing which makes it easy to judge the pressure you're putting on the strings.
Nice picks, much brighter sounding than the jazz 3 nylon picks. I prefer the jazz 3s since thr jazz 3s are warmer sounding and wear resistant. but these pitch blacks are not bad. They do wear down quickly but a dozen should last a good amount of time.  This pick does what jazz picks are suppose to do and in my university's jazz ensemble the three tips are useful and makes playing difficult jazz chord  easy. It will feel awkward at first if you never used jazz picks but once you get the hang of it you'll never go back to standard picks.
If you like Jazz Guitar picks and if you like Tortex picks this is the perfect marriage.  These are the best.  Enjoy.
I've been a Jazz III fan since 1997 starting with the red (too buttery and rounded sounding) and then moving to the black (durable but a bit tubby sounding). Eventually I tried a 1.0mm Tortex of this pick which had good attack but was somewhat mushy sounding through amp sims.But then I tried this .60mm and holy cow the sound change was like getting new pick ups. More mids, more attack, faster attack, scratchier attack, and less lows. Now you'd think this would make your guitar sound thin, and indeed it sounds thinner but also clearer by a factor of two.Thus when recording through amp sims, you get a clearer more dynamic more attack-ish sound. When using the 1.0mm the fundamental was a bit too strong which made for a mushy amp sim sound, but this .60mm did the trick. It just sounds heavier, tighter, and more articulate. While it does wear faster, for recording purposes it's my current ultimate pick of choice.So if your guitar doesn't sound clear, articulate, or aggressive enough first give this pack of picks a shot. But you don't have to take my word for it... da-nehh-nan!
