Was looking for a good solution to practice guitar at night while my 1 year slept. Before I was plugging in headphones to my amp head, but it was getting kind of annoying to set everything up (take out electric plug covers, get all cords out of the cabinets, etc). Oh how life changes with a baby! :)This little product is the perfect solution.It takes two AAA batteries (some generic brand are included in the package). There are two ON settings: regular ON and "FX" ON. Regular on is basically like a standard lead channel. Turn down the gain and the cleans are pretty clean. Crank up the gain and you get a nice rock crunch. Nothing heavy metal, but a nice crisp crunch. FX ON turns on a little delay effect. You can not adjust the delay effect, only turn it on or off. There are also knobs for volume and tone.Plug your headphones into the side, and you can also plug in an MP3 player on the top to jam with a backing track.VOX has samples for all of their AMPlugs on their website, however they seem to be missing samples for the Joe Satriani version. I would say that the JS version is pretty close to the "LEAD" amplug.I have a pair of middle/lower range headphones (Audio-Technica ATH-M30 Professional Studio Monitor Closed-back Dynamic Stereo Headphones) and the amplug sounds fantastic.In the title I wrote "wait for this to go on sale" ... b/c of the JS branding, this particular amplug retails at a much higher price than the other amplugs. However, it frequently drops down to the same price level so keep your eyes peeled! Personally at the higher MSRP i dont think its worth it, but at the same price it is if you are looking for a nice lead tone.
This is my 3rd VOX Amplug I have purchased through Amazon.  They are all awesome in thier own way.  The Satriani Amplug has very nice effects similar to a flanger and delay with reverb.  Without the effects on it is similar to the Lead plug with much lighter distortion - still has nice crunch to it though.  If you are a Satch fan you will find this amplug endlessly entertaining!  If you could only buy just one, this one may not be for you depending on what style music you like to play.  I love metal, rock, classic rock etc.The first song I played through this plug was 'The Star Spangled Banner' (ala Jimmi Hendrix) and wow, the Satch effects just make it sound amazing!  The Top Gun anthem sounds wicked with this plug as well.If you are looking for a pure distorted metal sound go for the Metal Amplug - it rocks your face off(I LOVE MINE). The AC30 Amplug is real nice for classic rock and country (it is nice and clean but can go into AC/DC tones) - very versatile Amplug.The Satch Amplug is a welcome addition to my collection...I would tell you to buy it, and if I lost mine I would replace it immediately.  Same with the Metal Amplug.  If I lost my AC30 Amplug I would wait for it to go on sale or something and pick up another -  as versatile as it is, I don't play enough classic rock or country as I do metal.
I wanted this for overall practice however the only &#34;clear and good&#34; sound will be the satriani effect.if that is exactly what youre looking for get it for sure! it does work i loved the delay hoped it could be adjusted, it can't.still use it for practice and wont change it. its just hard to get a clean sound out of it.
For those unfamiliar with Vox's amPlug products, these things are amazing.  I'm just old enough to remember some of the portable options of the 1990's, and they were mostly terrible.  What Vox has done with these tiny headphone amplifiers (which weigh virtually nothing, run for 10-15 hours on 2 AAA batteries, and plug directly into the guitar) is nothing short of amazing.  They have incredible amp-like tone and get as loud as you can possibly want.  Even through a pair of $20 Sony headphones, they sound amazing.  The star of the collection, in my opinion, is the Vox AC30 amPlug, which does a great vintage tube amp ranging from sparkling cleans to Top Boost overdrive.  If you haven't played an amPlug before, the AC30 one is $39.99 of the best money you'll ever spend.Now, getting to this specific Joe Satriani amPlug, it's impossible to talk about the tone without talking about the guitarist himself.  Fans of Joe Satriani (even casual ones) will recognize elements of this sound right away.  Satriani has a very distinctive sound, which he crafted over the years using a modified Boss DS-1 Distortion and (more recently) his Vox "Satchurator" Distortion Box.  It's a thick lead tone with a nice sustain, and colored with a delay effect.  Both of those elements are present on this signature amPlug.  You have a level control, a gain control, and a tone control.  There's also three switch positions: Off, On, and Fx.  The "Fx" position engages the delay effect, but the tone is otherwise the same.PROS:First, the price retails at $49.99, whereas most of the other models are $39.99.  (I believe the Lead amPlug is also $49.99 and also has a delay feature).  I think that the added delay feature and unique tone are worth the extra money, but this is admittedly a sort of "niche" product.  Overall, however, you have several amPlugs to choose from, and if you choose this one, $49.99 is still an incredible value for the ability to play your guitar virtually anywhere and enjoy quality tone.  The tone has a real sweet spot between "3" and "5" that really makes it enjoyable to play lead notes.  While it isn't necessarily and "ideal" rhythm guitar distortion, you can hit rich chords with nice sustain.  I prefer the tone on the higher gain levels, and you can really crank it up if you want to, but it sounds great at lower volumes too.  The delay is also surprisingly good - it's probably set to around the 400 milisecond gap, which is pretty standard.  Adds a cool echo "fullness" to your solo progressions, much like a classic Satriani solo.  Again, the overall tone is fantastic.  With the amount of gain provided, you can play most types of rock and dabble into metal guitar a bit (though I've always thought of Satch of more a technical, melodic guitarist than a "metal" guitarist).CONS:There are a few things to know about the Satriani signature model, but I don't think any of them should discourage you from checking it out.  While the delay is surprisingly good, you can't customize it.  You can't make the repeats shorter or longer, and you can't adjust the timing of the repeats.  Keep in mind that this is mostly a "practice" device for your personal use, however, and I still enjoy using the delay.  As for the tone, which I mostly discussed as a "pro" in the paragraph above, you should be aware that this is not meant to be a "clean" signal.  It is possible to get a somewhat clean tone by rolling back on the gain or lowering the volume of your guitar, but it's mostly distortion or bust.  The durability of all of the amPlugs has also been questioned by some.  The device is VERY lightweight and all plastic, except for the metal plug portion.  I don't doubt that you could bang it on something and break it quite easily.  The switches and dials may also fail over time.  But frankly, at $40 or $50, it's probably a better value than making it out of heavy duty metal and charging $100 for it, which would lock more people out of the market.  I would certainly buy another one (or several) if any of mine broke.  Finally, there as an audible "hiss" noise through your headphones anytime the device is on.  Slightly annoying when you're not playing, but I don't notice it at all once I start playing notes.THE VERDICT:One other "dirty little secret" to point out about these things: in addition to the Aux jack, which allows you to plug in an MP3 player and jam along, it is possible to use a 1/8" to 1/4" adapter and audio cable to plug this thing directly into an amp, PA, or anything with speakers.  You might be surprised how good it sounds.As an after-note, I wrote most of this review playing on my Jackson DR6, which has two Seymour Duncan Humbuckers, and it sounded great.  I later tried it on a Gibson Les Paul (which is usually my primary guitar), and despite the fact it also has two humbuckers, it did not sound as good.  The distortion was much more "fizzy".  Haven't tried it with single coil pickups, but I think that it would likely work well with a Strat-type guitar due to the overall "roundness" of the tone.The amPlug is a great invention that allows so many players to log endless hours practicing, irrespective of their budget or living situation.  The Satriani model brings its own special character to the series, and if you like the tone as much as I do, might become an instant favorite.
Took it on vacation so I didn't have to leave my axe at home. Fit right in the guitar case with my headphones - got my practice and jamming in everyday with some good tone and effects. Worth the price and no lugging around a small amp just for practice on the go.
