SUMMARYAt $20 it is a great size and "ok" quality to round up a bunch of various stands you may carry to a band practice or gig. Other options are available slightly longer and also with a 2nd compartment inside. No padding or impact resistance is provided, but gets a bunch of stands in one bag with a handle. Also available 8" longer or with 2 chambered configuration on different models.PROS:- Good size for speaker stands, mic stands, guitar stands, music stands other than the top shelf, and other "what-not" you may want to cram in there, depending on your style.- affordable at $20- availalbe on prime shippingCONS:- This model is one compartment. For speaker stands, you may want a 2 compartment model.- Lack of any impact resistance - the bag has no padding at all. it is just canvas.- It would be great if they made one of these just a little wider to be able to accomodate music stands.DETAILSIn one of my 50" bags, I was able to put:- 4 folding mic stands- 1 music stand, other than the top piece with the shelf (that does not fit, even if the bag was empty.)- 2 folding guitar stands- and still had room for some more if I wanted to put more in.- bag was getting kind of heavy at that point.In a sconed 50", I was able to put:- On Stage Stands OSS SS7761B Speaker Stands- They fit with extra room on the ends in this 50" bag.- There is additional room to add mic or guitar or music stands- I am considering exchanging this one for a 2 section 50" bag so the speaker stands are separated, but probably will just keep this one.The bag has no padding at all - it is just canvas and a zipper and handles. When laying empty it is 50" long x about 12" wide and lays flat. Seems strong enough to round everything up and tote it around,But for $20, serves a basic purpose with affordability.
decent, holds 2 stands and maybe a few extra poles.  the bag's shape from side view is a rectangle -- compare to other stand bags that's more of a square. Zipper seems to be very good quality, the bag is NOT padded at all, and the material used is very thin, there is however a water resistant coating on the interior of the bag.I think I should have spend $10 extra and got the on-stage padded stand bag.  But if you are going for local shows and doesn't need the extra padding for air travel, this is the bag to go.
I purchased this for handling convenience more than any other reason. I useOn Stage SS7761B Tripod Speaker Stands, which are light duty, but awkward to carry. This case solves that problem. When I mentioned light duty in the title, I truly meant it. While I gig twenty times per month, nearly all are totally acoustic, with a small powered speaker for rooms where the pianist/vocalist has to project over a grand piano. On very rare occasions do we need a full PA, and that is where this case comes in handy. Moving individual speaker stands from my vehicle to the performance area is awkward. Transporting them in this case isn't.These hold up beautifully if used three or four times per month when a full PA is needed. I am not sure I would want them for the heavier, all metal speaker stands because the weight would quickly wear the case out. It has reinforced stress points, but I still feel those are not adequate for heavier stands.You can easily fit the two stands that I mentioned above and aOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand. The side pocket is good for incidentals like XLR to 1/4 inch adapters, patch cables and the like.Bottom line: this case is for occasional use only, and even then for lighter stands. I awarded it five stars because it does exactly what I need and is not touted to be anything but a light weight case.
Just needed a simple canvas bag to hold speaker stands on top of my pile of PA equipment on a cart. Aside from the two speaker stands, I can fit two mic stands and the bottom of a music stand. Very simple, sturdy canvas construction, thick zipper, two sturdy handles. I don't expect to carry equipment around in it much more than to get on and off my cart, so I'm assuming the stitching is more than sufficient. At $20, this bag looks like a great value.
These bags are large.  I didn't realize they would hold large tripod stands.  My other bags were a lot smaller and sometimes the tripods would stick out the top.  It would have been nice if there was two pockets so two tripods wouldn't touch each other but this still works great.
For the price, this 50 inch canvas bag is  great bag for toting around a couple of folded 9 foot light stands and miscellaneousbooms etc.I own other Gator products and have been very pleased with the quality and performance.Note that this bag does not have padding and does not have a divider but for the price paid, I still think it's an excellent bargain.
Excellent bag for tripods or stands that dont need a lot of protection. You have feel multiple microphone stands or maybe up to three speaker tripods in this. Affordable and easy.
