This is a good looking strap. Much lighter and thinner then any strap that I have had. It has to be half the weight of others but that makes it very comfortable.Looks great on my blond Tele.The price is right as well.I like it
not your fender quality strap.  this is a cheap, extremely low quality strap.  I've had it for a few months and my guitar has not fallen yet, but I can see the wear on the end it's almost at breaking point.  I would not recommend it. It's ok as an emergency strap or to get you out of a jam, nothing else.
I decided to get this tweed strap for my 50s Telecaster Classic, but when it arrived, I was a bit let down. The tweed finish is cool enough, but the strap is very thin, and the strap ends are pretty poor quality. If they truly are made of leather, I feel sorry for the hide they came from. The leather is so hard, you almost need fingers of steel to get the eyelets spread far enough apart to get them around the guitar strap locks.This is decent for the time being, but I am definitely going to keep my eye out for something more suitable to my guitar. Feels like wearing a $10 Casio with a $1300 suit...
The tweed really grips on your shirt, the quality is perfection and they even give you a little string, if your using it for acoustic which I thought was sweet! Love fender.
Not a flashy strap but great in the studio or on stage when you need to change guitars fast.Light weight allows you to remove quickly.It is pretty comfortable to wear also.
I have three of these straps more my Strats. Very comfortable and durable. I really like the metal link as opposed to the plastic link which hold the strap itself to the the leather button hole. Great product!
For the price this is a pretty nice strap.  It's thin but does the job well. The simulated leather end pieces are noticeably &#34;cheap&#34; but its a guitar strap and has not failed me yet :)
I used to buy leather straps but not any more. This strap is very nice and comfortable. It's also the cheapest one I ever bought. Can't go wrong.
Not much to say...I wanted  Fended tweed guitar strap and this is the exact item in my sights. Thanks, it does what it's meant to do!
For the price this is a wonderful strap. It can get twisted and wear out, but keep it straight and it will last you a long time. It has a vintage look, very soft and comfortable. It also has that vintage Fender coolness factor. I have 30+ year old leather straps that will be around years after I'm gone but I paid a lot for them and they're not as comfortable as this. I've even used these on Gibson's (oh, the shame) but of course they look best on Fender's, I guess. The truth is they will work on anything. The strap ends are great, but they're not really secure. Gaskets can take care of that. I own quite a few of these are they're great quality, look cool (in a vintage kinda way) and feel soft on my shoulder.
I chose this for its good looks, but was pleased by its construction as well. A very well-made strap with great looks and a super price. My only complaint, which is very minor, is that I think the webbing could be thicker and have a more sturdy feel. It just feels lighter than I like, but that's a personal thing. I have no complaints about the construction, the looks or the price. I use mine on an Irish bouzouki, and it really looks great and works great. I don't like straps that have smooth liners that allow the strap to slide around. This cloth doesn't slide around, and that's a good thing.
Sorry Fender...this one is just a waste of money.  Get something better that doesn't twist up an ravel into knots.
Beatiful, amazing strap. Very soft, very confortable, sits perfetcly on fender strap lock, and looks like my G & L Custom Fender Select Case. What else, so?
I have gotten comments on how cool it looks, I'm finding that I prefer a thicker strap, but this strap works perfectly
