I bought this one for one of my heavier guitars hoping for some shoulder relief and it does the job.  It's inexpensive and the padding is excellent.  It looks like it will last too.
I got this to use with my 12 string. It is a huge improvement over my other strap, but it is not as padded as some that you'll pay a higher price for. It does the job, however. For this price you will be satisfied.
My new electric guitar isn't particularly comfortable to play while sitting, so I needed a strap.  I've played with straps in the past and always found them to be uncomfortable, so I hoped to find a padded strap that didn't break the bank.  This strap fits the bill just fine.  Depending on the angle that your pegs are set, however, you may find that the holes in the strap will with time enlarge to the point that the guitar is always in danger of falling.  If your pegs are set at an angle, like on a Strat, this strap will last forever.  If you're on a guitar with a horizontal peg, like a LP, you'll probably want to invest in some strap locks as well.  This will move the pressure from the strap holes to the metal locks and both extend the lifetime of the strap and its security.  The padding is OK, but not great - however, it's certainly better than a regular nylon strap and does a good job of forcing the strap to lay flat across the shoulder which is a huge bonus.
Mid-level quality. The shoulder strap tends to move while you play. Gets the job done, but not for the serious guitarist.
I enjoy using this strap on some of my guitars. Easy to install and remove. 5 stars to the seller and the strap itself
Decent quality for the price.  Fits the acoustic guitar as intended and seems comfortable to the person it was purchased for.
Bought this strap to provide extra comfort for my young son who has to hold up a relatively heavy electric guitar.  Suggestions to make this better woudl be a slidable padding, and to have the padded area longer.
This guitar strap performs as expected for it's price. Great entry level guitar strap for those just getting started (or for a backup strap).
