I've owned just about every muff.  No Triangle or Civil War.  But this is my favorite muff thus far.  Way more versatile than any other muff.  The switches involment in the the circuit really isn't too elaborate, but then again all bypasses aren't.  I love wicker on and tone off.  Cuts like a buffalo.  I hate to have a bunch of fuzz's and distortions in my chain, but its there right next to a Keeley Fuzz Head, a Analogman Peppermint Fuzz, and a TS-9 modded to an 808 w/ Brown that I modded myself.  I love this Muff!  I can't wait to see what they do next.  Plus...  These new EHX pedals are build tough as nails and full true bypass.  If you like muffs, you'll really like this one.  If you didn't like muffs before, you'll probably like the wicker feature, it makes it far more clear and pronounced and less of a glob a goo and more distortion/ fuzz friendly.  I give it four stars, because the five is only meant meant for devices that you just freak out and half to have, for me the Keeley Fuzz Head is a five, I love that thing.
This pedal is awesome. I use it the most of all my pedals, because it's pretty much perfect. I can get 4 completely different sounds out of it. It's also true-bypass, so it will not effect your tone when it is off. It's much smaller than the big muff pi, which is good because it takes less room on your pedalboard. Just to let you all know, this is NOT an overdrive or distortion pedal. It is a fuzz pedal. So don't buy it expecting overdrive. Also, when it's turned on you will hear a hum, but the web says that it has to do with flourescent lights, and muff pedals hum alot. None of that makes me dislike the pedal. It's one of the hest fuzz pedals ever. I use it in front of a wah, and that's all I'll ever need to use pedal-wise. Get this pedal!!!!!!!
As a disclaimer, I am not a Big Muff connoisseur.  I've never owned one before this.  I also tend not to like fuzz as an effect.  I'd characterize this box as a cross between distortion and fuzz, maintaining enough definition for chord work.  If you're reading the reviews, you've probably already done your research on the features, but I'll cover them anyway.Three simple controls, Volume - Tone - Sustain, with the Sustain control being more or less a Gain control.  The enclosure is a smaller, pedalboard-friendly size.  The pedal incorporates two of the (supposedly) most popular Big Muff mods with switches, Tone and Wicker.  When Tone is switched off, the Tone control and its tone-shaping circuitry are completely disconnected.  In this mode, the distortion applies to the entire tonal spectrum evenly, and it also produces a significant volume boost.  The Tone knob does nothing.When Wicker is switched on, it removes three high-frequency rolloff filters that were added to the original Big Muff circuit to smooth out the sound.  Disconnecting these makes the sound a bit raspier and rougher, with a high-end frequency boost.I use this pedal running into a mild overdrive, the Catalinbread Dirty Little Secret, which "conditions" the signal.  I play with the Tone off and Wicker on, and even with the Volume and Sustain controls set fairly low, this combination results in a wonderfully thick, massive distorted tone that is still pretty smooth.If you're looking to get a Big Muff, and you're not a snob about which version, the switchable mods on this one are really great for experimenting to find your own sound.  Not to mention that, at this price point, it will be much cheaper than some vintage Muffs.  Highly recommended.
My Big muff PI with Wicker had hellacious noise, I mean unusable. I noticed it would change with movement so I pulled the back off and immediately found paint overspray where the grounding spring from the circuit board meets the inside of the housing. After aggressively scraping the paint off, the pedal operates as I would expect it to.I really like the tone and aggressive drive of the big muff and the Tone and wicker switches are nice although I find that with the Wicker opened up/ON the noise level gets marginally too high; so long as you're playing hard and loud it's not really an issue. This pedal isn't designed to be quiet when you're not playing so don't be fooled there, it is normal for it to make some noise when there's not guitar input/strumming. The bypass on the other hand seems to be clean as advertised.I'll be keeping the pedal and like it but the lack of QA from my proudly made in America fuzz pedal was a bit of a let down; fortunately I found the problem and fixed it myself to avoid a return.
First things first, this is a fuzz pedal (and on the heavy side) which mean it provides thick ground shaking distortion and sustain.  This is very different from normal distortion so noise is to be expected whether you are playing or not.Second, a true bypass switch (like in the Big Muff)is a mechanical switch as opposed to Boss type pedals that have buffers which color your sound even when they are off.  Mechanical switches make noise are are louder the more durable they are.Ok so now to the actual sound which is amazing.  This pedal has a tone of versatility because not only do you have a lot of options on the pedal itself but it reacts dynamically to the knobs on your guitar.  Since I play a Les Paul with 57 classics I will often turn the volume down to 8 when using this otherwise the bass can be overwhelming (but awesome). Strat and Tele players probably wont have the same issue with single coils.  In addition the Wicker and Tone features all for more sounds that just the original Big Muff or you can just turn them off to get the original sound.Great for: Black Keys (they use a big muff), Weezer (think My Name is Jonas), certain Greenday songs, and basically anything where you need thick and deep fuzz with the option to tone it down if need be.
