First, I love these picks and used them exclusively for years.  I have dozens of them, they never wear out.  I used to use them when playing in a loud rock band, and never had any issues.  They are very comfortable, and easy to control.Now the bad: the sound.  Not the sound of the plucked not itself, but the hard plastic of the pick against the string makes a very noticeable "plinking" sound that is audible through your amp.  If all you're playing is loud music, this may not be an issue.  But I essentially stopped using them when I started playing in a different band with more dynamics, because during quieter passages the plinking sound of the pick on the strings is VERY noticeable to me.So, too bad.  I think these are great picks, but I'd like them to be made of a softer material.
I got these picks a week ago and have fell in love with them. I generally use a Dunlop 1.0m pick, but have to switch to a thinner pick for rhythm play. This, of course, can be very annoying, especially if playing rhythm and lead parts in the same song.  These Big Stubby picks have solved that problem. They are easy to hold onto, great for leads, and because of the way they are shaped don't hang on to the strings like the regular picks do.  Great picks. Definitely worth the little extra they cost.
So, these picks are really nice, but the picture is not what you will get.  These picks are translucent purple.  Other than the strange color, they are good picks.  They really do help with speed and accuracy.  Great for mandolin playing.Updated: Amazon has changed the image for this item, so now the picture really does show what you will get.
I always find it interesting the different opinions about products.  Some don't like the sound, others say these wear out in a day (really -- do you play for 24 hours?).  Some say that the grip is good.  Here's my take -- for what it's worth.  I've listened to these with hollow and semi hollow body guitars.  Round and flat wound strings.  My general take is that these picks give a better, fuller, rounder bigger tone overall.  Compared to the tortex style pick material (1 mm for the tortex).  It's a bit hard to determine if the sound comes from the material, thickness or a combination of both.  Also note, I play with the rounded edge, not the tip.  So the grip in the center of these doesn't quite fit my grip style but it's still ok.  I do find that these get slippery faster than the tortex materials if my hands sweat at all.  I've been subjective in my comparisons -- but this is what I've found so far.  I find that they stand out, sound wise, for the guitars I'm currently playing.  The process of finding the "right" pick is never ending and changes over time.  Give these a try and let me know what you think.
These  picks  R awsome!  I have tremmors  in my  hands  and have a hard thime with pick control.....They Have a Gell  center,  Whitch  tingles,  It feels like muscles are activating in Your Hand  GREAT THERAPUTIC PICKI seem to do better with controll picks rather then ordinary picks.These  picks have a indentation so U know where put UR thumb and index fingerThey really Do what they say....If U have hand problems,  try these.....they really work.
I dont know why they are called big stubby. They are on the small side.  Way to thick for me.  They do sound good though and will last a long time.  I feel like I am playing with a nickle. I like the indentation. Helps the grip a lot. I should have paid more attention to the size and thickness. Still looking for the right picks for me.  If these were slimmer and a bit larger I would buy again.
Looking for picks for bass , this one did not work for me, it is thick and hard, good attack.but only thumb picks work, so i can use my fingers too.
The thing about picks or plectrums if you prefer is that they are really a matter of preference and once you pick one (no pun intended) you should try to stick to it and get used to it through practice.  I've used many different types of picks over the years and I've not found the ideal one for me until recently when I decided to use a SilverPick which is basically a standard triangle thin design but made of silver which I find fits my needs the best and so far it's just a case of getting used to it.  This particular Dunlop pick is as described being fat, stubby and sturdy with a nice grippable centre and if you are the kind of lead guitarist who uses a lot of pinch harmonics this pick will be good for you as the maximum grip and most comfortable holding position exposes very little of the pick face.  The hardness will make it good for fast playing but the thickness also makes it difficult to get a firm grip too and the very small size makes it easy to lose your grip if you hit the strings too hard.  This makes it unfit for bass players and for strumming although you could get used to this for lead guitar playing.  For me though, I'll keep this among my collection of picks for use but it's not my default or preferred choice for play.
I admit I'm not the guitar flatpicker some of my friends are, but I find this pick to be perfect for picking mandolin.  The picks have almost zero flex to them, meaning the player has solid control.  I like 'em--even if they are purple.
If you're worried that the 3.0 mm is too big for your guitar, you're probably right.If you don't use a pick for your bass, then you don't want this either.But if you want to pick your bass, this is the plectrum for you!
When I first got them, I thought that they were going to be cheap, as they felt extremely light and came in the cheap packaging, but it was ok, I wasn't expecting much from them. The picks were actually made from extremely sturdy material. They did not bend at all when I tried to (and believe, me I tried). Pick wearing is virtually non-existent, and I utilize Alt-Picking a lot in my practices. I actually learned my first sweep shred (D major) with these picks within a day of getting them.I highly recommend for the shred guitarist.My only complaint, is that pinch harmonics are kind of hard to do (becuase of the grip) but i got used to it rather quickly.IMPORTANT!!!You can get these in 24 packs at [...] for only $10!!! Free shipping as well!Sorry, Amazon, but that is just to good a deal to pass on...
I have them in purple which makes them stick out.  They have the little cut out to make it easier to grip and hold when I am playing the mandolin.  Already planning on purchasing more.
These picks have a very unique shape and sound that have helped me play faster with a smoother tone.Unfortunately, these picks did not receive a five-star rating because of their price and lack of durability.  They wear down fast.  Mine are usually worn out after a day of use and I don't think I play particularly hard.  At around $4.50 for six picks, these are some expensive pieces of plastic.However, these picks are so full of awesome that I am compelled to pay a little extra.  I will definitely be buying more.
Currently my favorite pick, it's thick enough to control and the etching makes it easy to handle. I'd recommend to guitarists for jazz, fusion or the like.
I first want to mention that this is a pack of 6 picks. The product description didn't mention that, but I was pleased to receive more than three!My son told me he needed some new picks, and since lately he's been playing Ozzy Osbourne songs I knew he needed a better pick than the standard Fender picks he's been playing with for three years. After hearing him play with these picks, I've noticed he can play faster and more accurately with these. The finger grips help tremendously and these have really helped to bring his playing to the next level. My only complaint is that they sent us a pack of purple picks. I wish we could choose the color, or maybe they could send a color assortment. We'll be buying these for a long time to come.
another item never received but i would not use anything over .88 mm anyway was mean for experimentation i have learned since this purchase.
The right pick is a personal preference. Nothing wrong with Dunlop Stubby Pick, but it's not for me. I bought a pack of 2.0mm  picks last year and loved them but left them in Florida when I went north. I forgot the name of my favorite pick and bought these by mistake.
I bought these wanting to try the nylon Big Stubby but was sent the lexan /clear purple ones instead. I wanted to mention this because the item description is vague(PLYS PK) and the item pictured is nylon. I'm still happy with the purchase these have the same picking dynamics as the Jazz Stubby but they give you a much larger surface to grip.
I bought my first set a long time ago and they were perfect! Then I re-ordered and I got what I think was an acoustic type because they were the same 2.0mm gauge but were too small for me to comfortably hold, so I just ended up with two dozen wasted picks. So just make sure you get the right one.12.5.11 Update: Okay, so I just realized that there are "Dunlop Stubby Picks" and then there are "Dunlop BIG Stubby Picks" Sorry...
I've been using these 2.0s as my primary pick for years now and I love them. The way the material surrounds your finger tips is unique and not found in a flat pick. They're very easy to keep a grip on and allow you to go after the strings confidently.You will however find that there is a sweet spot in the life of the pick's tip. When you first use them the business end is extremely pointy, sharp almost. After playing a bit, the tip begins to round off and is perfect for a long time. Eventually, it really rounds out and you'll want a fresh one. I typically lose them before they wear out and they are so nice, you won't care.
How a guitar pick "feels", is such a matter of individual preference, that there really doesn't seem to be much point in trying to rate them, as what I like about a particular type of pick, may not be relevant to another player.  Most picks have high ratings, because players who like that particular type, write reviews that rate them highly.  Obviously, the best thing to do is playing with a pick on your own guitar, but that isn't always possible.  With that said, for what they are worth, here are my thoughts regarding Jim Dunlop's purple colored, Big Stubby 3.0mm picks.I like a pick with a sharp point for better control, and the Big stubby certainly meets that criteria.  The sharp point and the pick's rounded edges, help the Stubby to slide smoothly off of the individual strings, which makes for easier picking.  Besides electric guitar, I find these picks nicely suited for acoustic, and semi-solid body guitars, where the string tension is greater.I had tried the 1.0mm Stubby previously, but the 3.0mm pick is much thicker, and heavier, and has absolutely no "give" at all.  I'm still getting used to playing with something this stiff and hard.  Although the pick has rounded depressions on each side for the fingers, when picking rapidly, I find that maintaining grip can still be a little tricky.  Keeping the pick clean and dry, does help.My favorite pick had been theDunlop 0.6mm nylon pick, but I am very pleased with the performance and feel of the 3.0mm Stubby.  I can locate the strings easily, and be more precise, while still being able to play with decent speed.  Time will tell, but this may become my new favorite pick.The "pick pack" contains 24 picks.  I only paid $2.99, which is simply an outstanding deal.  If you're a player looking for a really stiff almost indestructible pick, you might want to give this ultra heavy duty Stubby a try.
Using the stubby spoiled me for all other picks. You simply play faster, no matter what level you are. Alternate picking speeds increase because there is no more flat-pick drag. Now I only use flat picks for acoustic play when I want to hear the crunch. 24 picks in a pack, is an insane bargain. You pay twice as much in a store.
