Its ok.  It does what it says, but if youre using more than one other pedal you get a loud white noise in the background.
I got this in the mail today and plugged it into my pedal board just prior to the amp. Like the other reviewers on here, I'm sad to report that it's quite 'hissy'. I had hoped that it would not be a hissing type of pedal but it is. I'm using a Line 6 Uber Metal, Boss Metal Zone, Ibanez LA Metal & Boss Compressor/Sustainer with my SKB pedal board. The board itself is not noisy at all with any of the other pedal cranked up BUT when I put the EQ700 in with the others, there's a noticeable hiss though not so much at low volume but when you crank the amp (I'm using a Peavey Special 212 Transtube combo) above 4, you can definitely hear the hiss. Not sure if a noise gate pedal would reduce this but I'm going to give the Danaelectro Fish & Chips (as recommended by another reviewer) a try.I'm waiting on the Behringer Orchestra Chorus pedal to arrive and HOPING it isn't hissy like the EQ700 is.I will say though I do like the tone influence this pedal has. It does a nice job of altering the tone & gives my rig a greater flexibility for sounds.Overall I give this pedal a 3 out of 5 stars.
It is a good pedal. It is not heavy and the price is good. It is a good choice for a beginner. Thank you.
This little guy does all it needs to do. Once plugged into your board you can litterally ballance yourelf in the monitor without worrying about the sound guy.
Now I can use the clean channel on my amp, with this pedal, for my acoustic guitar and that leaves my channel 2 for my other pedals and my electric guitar.
If you want an eq pedal right away to tweak guitar/keyboard sounds, this think is GREAT. People are trying to hate on this, but it is fine, I was expecting the worst from the reviews, but still wanted it so I got it anyway. You don't need the adapter they push (the behringer brand 9v), best way to work with this is turn all bands ALL THE WAY DOWN, then just go up with each one till you get the guitar sound you like, then you can turn it off during this test to go back to your "default/normal sound" to hear the difference. It works nicely, and for the price it was a steal. In the future I may get a more expensive one, this seems fine for now.
don't let the system absorbs you !  this device as others is really  great for the money, check everything by yourself ! this is as good as other devices that cost 3-4 times more.
Behringer pedals are really cheaply made and the feel amazingly light, cheap and unable to take the riggors of gigging. I just didn't want to spend $100 on the Boss version, but you get what you pay for! Another thing that I hate is it's really hard to change the battery, unlike the Boss pedals. save your money and steer clear of this one. I also bought a Behringer power amp for $200 that lasted a few gigs befor it crapped out.
if you go very high with the boost in frequencies, you will get noise in significant quantities. too noisy to please me for anything except experimentation. Pay the extra money and get something quiet. Others complained about this and they were right. If you want to experiment with equalization, its good and cheap. Some complained about each band boosting others. This is more of a user problem than manufacturing. If you want to isolate a frequency range, boost that range and then cut the ones before and after it and you'll get a narrow range. In this respect, its like an MXR 6 band.
This pedal works well in my rig, I have two Boss EQ20's advanced EQ's and sometimes they are complicated due to the 10 bands they have, this little toy does the trick, and does it very well, I think that people who writes negative reviews don't know how to use it, it can require some time and experience but having much more expensive equipment to compare this pedal is a very good eq and for the price is unbeatable, highly recommended... or you can go for the overpriced $100+ Boss original unit, at the end is the same, maybe a little quieter but essentially the same if you know what you are doing.
I don't have any real praise or complaints about this.  I does just what it should, and for the price, it's pretty good.  Like most pedals, it can be used with a 9V plug-in transformer, but it's not included.  Yes, it's made of plastic, but you can't expect any more for $25.
