Having purchased many &#34;A&#34; frame and more &#34;traditional&#34; style stands, this one has quickly become my favorite. Not only is the padding much better than the rest of them, this thing is very sturdy and the casters actually work. Only thing lacking a bit is the instructions, but it's easy enough to put together that they aren't really needed. I'll probably be buying a second one for the rest of my guitars soon.
I almost gave it 4 stars since you have to be smart to assemble it.  Directions don't include the proper details.  I would write them but that's their job.  I spend 20 minutes instead of 5 or so it they explained the process better.  The stand with my guitars looks awesome.  It's perfect for 2-3 acoustics and 1-2 electric guitars.  I wouldn't load it with 7 since they would inevitably bump while putting them in or taking them out.  Nice addition to my studio.
Well... its a stand..  its super cheap and i don't mean the price.  the edges are sharp and the piece that holds the neck of the guitars is leaning too far back.. i stuck some cardboard under the rear post to help keep that back brace more up right and no leaning back.  its going to work but i bumped the bottom with my bare feet and it cut me pretty well.  Instructions were ok..  came with more parts than what were required... all holes filled and i have  of of each part extra.. the guitars do not sit very well in this stand... i will use it until i can find a better one.. it will get replaced.. i really should send this POS back to Amazon.  the concept is great but the execution of it sucks. it folds down but not sure i would use this as a portable stand..  there are better options out there for something portable.  this stand is worth 10.00 tops... if i had it to do all over i would save my money.
I can put 5 electric guitars in gig bags on this stand. It is solid and no problems with itafter 6 months use. Assembly was pretty easy and took little time.
I bought the stand to better organize my personal studio space and I'm satisfied enough to consider purchasing a second (too many instruments for my own good).Still, it could use some tweaks: I'd recommend putting lock washers under all the nuts - very inexpensive and keeps the bolts tight - especially on carpet where there's even more tendency for the pieces to shift about under stress. It also protects against over-tightening the bolts that can bend the relatively lightweight metal arms and support bars.I can imagine people feeling queasy about storing expensive instruments on a stand that feels like it wouldn't take much to tilt over forwards, but you should be able to convince yourself that the downward force of the instrument bodies (especially electrics) counteracts the weight of the necks leaning into the top support - making a forward fall unlikely.Still, for sanity's sake, I'd position the stand close to a wall. At first, this causes a dilemma because your headstocks will extend beyond the front plane of the stand. But it's easy to rig up one or two 6-8 inch support pieces from wood or pipe insulation-covered metal to brace the stand against the wall while providing comfortable clearance for the headstocks. Removing any worry of a fall is worth the effort.The design can hold a variety of instrument body shapes; the trick is to find the optimum balance point but it's not hard: I fit an acoustic bass guitar, a 335-shaped Ibanez Artist, Strat, SG-shaped bass, J-Bass, a Martin OM-1, a long neck bouzouki, six-string banjo and a Nick Lucas-shaped Recording King acoustic on it. That said, I don't max out the seven slots - I'll use at most 5, simply because different shapes make catching a strap and banging an instrument too easy when they're that close. If I were storing all electric guitars or basses with similar shapes, I might be comfortable with six or even seven.I wouldn't use this stand on stage - and by 'on stage' I mean any setting with people moving about who might come into contact with it, including a house party, basement jam session, etc. It's simply not sturdy enough, physics or no. But for my needs it works well and saves me a lot of floor space where it's tight to begin with.
I love this thing and for the price you just can't beat it. It seems sturdy and I have gigged with it for a couple months now and it is holding up. I haven't tried it with acoustic guitars but it fits my 7 electric guitars very nicely. Set up only took about 10 min or so and it included all the tools necessary. I saw the same one in guitar center a week later for $60 more. Like I said, for the price you can't beat it.
Easy to put together,stable and cheap. 100% would recommend. I want to get more guitar,just to get a other one.
got these stands to hold my guitars, they are o.k. for at home but i really wouldn't recomend them for gigging too much. they bend at the welds pretty easy and might break
This might be a really, really nice stand, but the one I received was defective-one of the small top separator arms that keep the guitar necks apart was unattached and won't attach, so I have to return it for a refund.  I'll probably buy another one afterward with the hopes that it's intact this time.
It works as advertised but be aware it's not for anything freshly painted or any guitar with a nitro finish. It will mess up the finish. Nitro is usually used on your more expensive guitars like my Gibson Les Paul for example. It's amazing how many guitar stands can mess up your finish, that's a pretty major design flaw. But they just keep making them.Anyway, it is a nice little stand but be careful. If you have a nice guitar you'll want to cover the padding with some cloth to avoid possible damage.
After having collected a few guiters through the years I needed the kind of stand to hold certain ones in particular.
Works well
First of all, this is a $40 7-guitar stand. It's not a high-end $200 pro stand. That being said, the materials are decent. It seems strong and stable. I would not recommend it if you plan on using it to move from gig to gig. I bought it to have a convenient place to keep our 5 guitars and basses handy. Rather than having 5 individual stands, this stand is perfect for keeping our living room neat.The metal is decent, but if you tighten the screws too much, the metal does flex/warp.So far so good.
it is not that large and really organizes my instruments.  The only detriment is that I leave my instruments out and they tend to collect dust.  Cover them with a sheet or something.
This stand is ok for light home use. I would not recommend this thing for gigging or travel. Very cheaply made but does the job. Guitars do not rest naturally in a sweet spot. You must set a guitar down in the correct position or it will lay a bit sideways and jar other guitars on  the rack. Avoid if you can spend more.
