Give good crisp and live sound to my acoustic guitar. it is affordable and the material is solid enough that it can withstand abuse.
should have paid a little more and i guess im spoiled with 2nd day...these have been ordered for a couple of weeks...you seem to wait forever to save a few bucks...i odered for some buddies and hear about it every day...hope they work when they do finally arrive..good luck
This was for a friend who needed a Guitar Capo. He hasn't had any problem with the capo yet. And the price was right.
This is a really strong capo.  The spring is very robust.  Well padded, and will not damage your instrument.  I have used it on guitars (electric and acoustic), banjo, and mandolin.  Takes some hand strength to open it, but you don't want a weak capo!
Very pleased with timely arrival of the package.  Excited to use it with my new guitar, but after only two days of actual use it broke.  The plastic tension section just snapped off.  Very disappointed!
I just got it today. Really tight because it's brand new, but it's really sturdy and solid. Nothing gimmicky or faulty, just perfect.
You have to get this cap on JUST right or the strings will buzz.  I think I'll keep this as a backup and get a better one for my every day use.
If you're in the need for a guitar capo, then this is a pretty good offering. For it being pretty cheap, I had to get it. Shipping was fairly fast, and it's ready to use straight out of the package. :D
It really has everything that one could ask for in a guitar capo - it's a quality well-made tool that isn't going to fall apart any time soon; it has a strong spring, so it grips the neck and strings quite solidly; and it's easy to open up and clamp on the neck.Can't really say anything more than that this really is a well-made capo that works just exactly and precisely as a capo is supposed to work.I love it!
This capo will not work on a guitar with a thicker neck, for example a les paul or most acoustics. For thinner necks, like a strat or tele, it works ok, but has to be positioned just right to prevent string buzz. It's not the ole clip it and go capo I'm used to. I bought this to have a capo I could just leave clipped on my acoustic's head for use when needed. No dice. Neck too thick. It's a Washburn dreadnaught. We're not talking some funky 7 string jazz guitar.Bottom line: It's cheap as dirt and you can make it work if you don't mind having to place it just right. My advice, spend a few bucks more and buy one that's easy.
It does the job. The only problem is that it sticks out a little to far down underneath the guitar neck thus impeding the fingers from taking the right position for some of the chords. You slide it up and away, you might loose pressure on strings and your guitar will make funny noises especially if you use hard strings. For the money, it does the job ok. It's a good one for beginers like myself.
This Capo does what it needs to do, makes it sound great, and is a great price. There are times where the capo is a little big and the fingers can hit it but in general, it is probably the best capo there is for an acoustic guitar. It does not break, and is very sturdy. Highly recommended.
I was skeptical because of the price but these work great.  It is even large enough to use with my 12 String.
This capo will do the job, if you can squeeze it open.  I'm hoping that leaving it on the headstock will lessen the spring tension. it is all I can do to open and place this on the guitar.  I cannot do it with one hand.
As soon as put it on my guitar, I enjoyed the way it got the job done. My first concern was, Will this damage my guitar? The answer is NO. It is user friendly and guitar friendly. The price is so low, you should own at least one. No problems. Just music. At the most competitive price available.
This capo works fine, its strong and fits great on my Spanish or Steel string guitar, I wouldn't ask for something more
I received this capo yesterday and it works perfectly on my acoustic guitar. It is styled very much like the Kyser capos but cost about one third of what you'd pay for a Kyser. It is made of aluminum, NOT ABS plastic as another reviewer suggested. The spring is plenty strong enough to hold down all 6 strings with no problems. The rubber pad is flat and this capo works well on guitars with a flat fret board. I don't know how well it would work on a guitar with a curved radius fret board. I'm thinking it may not hold the high and low "E" strings down sufficiently to keep them from buzzing. I could be wrong. Keep in mind it is very important to fully depress the spring when moving the capo up or down the neck. Sliding it will cause wear on the rubber pad on any capo. The wound strings will cut into the rubber  like a file if you slide it on the strings. I really haven't had it long enough to see if it will stand the test of time, but as the title of my review reads: "So far, So good" It's very reasonably priced and I'm very pleased with it. I rate it at 5 stars. It's well worth the money. It's very unlikely to break and if I find the rubber pad wears out prematurely, I will update my review.
As I am one of those "forever beginners" when it comes to playing a guitar I may not be able to tell you all that this capo does. The reason I ordered it is to hold my strings so I can set my guitar. I may play around with it to see what all it does.Good price, just as described!
Capo serves me well and the spring mechanism has held up for a year now and does not show signs of deterioration.
Capos ruin frets but i find them to be necessary.  This one has a very strong spring so I am hoping i lossens up with use.
Came on time. Works Very good. Strong spring that good start. If needed I would buy another. For me and my son it works great.
I got this as it has a little different clamp handle design than another I bought earlier.  Like the black and it holds well.  This has been appropriated by my son who really likes it on his black guitar.  No problem as I bought one as a spare against emergency breakage.
I chose this capo because I was just starting out and needed one for certain songs. This was a cheap capo, but it does its job well. I have no complaints about it at all.
Great product. Great price. Buy it.As a pro musician my entire teenage and adult life, I say, "Ya, good capo"
The item came quickly and as decribed. It clamps on my acoustic just fine, no string buzz or damage to the neck so far.
good for any guitar even if it is plastic it feel really strong on your guitar neck, it is a really good buy
Some say "this capo work bad" I have to ask "are your guitar is good enough to use this capo?" or "are you know how to use capo?"I'm more than 20 years of playing guitar. This capo is worth the price. Good quality and work great for not extream user (Are you nuts?). Best recomended quality and price. PS. May not for very big guitar neck! Enjoy!
I have bought 5 of these now for me and a few friends and they work great. I am sure they will wear out in time so I have a couple extras but you can't beat them.
it is an excellent backup capo.  I don't feel the spring is strong enough to do the proper job.  I use steel strings, perhaps it would be good for nylon strings....
Easy to use does a great job and comes off when you want it to, and does not scratch or harm guitar in any way. Great price as well. I got two of them.
Does the trick! I use it all the time and haven't had any issues with functionality or build quality. I'd recommend it over more expensive capos any day! Good purchase.
