This unit is well constructed.Switches and knobs feel sturdy.The user guide is informative.It has a wide tone range. I usually play a Hofner club bass and it sounds deep and clear.It is useful if you want to dial in a good sound and just leave it set. It doesn't have presets. You can loop an effects processor thru it.
I play bass in a lot of different environments, and I never know what to expect before I show up. If I am playing a venue where I can use my head and 4x12 combo I know I'll have great tone. If I am going direct into the board I am at the mercy of the house equipment and engineer. This unit gives me ;the ability to still go direct, but allows me to tweak the signal for maximum warmth. I suppose you could look at this like an effects stomp box but it is really so much more. if you play at church and are tired of hearing the life sucked out of your bass you should give this a try. I love it.
DI bass is the worst. Just really, really awful. Every ordinary DI box I've tried yields this thin, cheap treble sound that does not present my bass in its most flattering light. So when I started playing live weekly, I just hauled my bass amp around to each gig, because it was out of the question that I would rely on a weird sounding DI box to carry the day.I live in Phoenix. I made it through about two months of lugging a monstrous bass amp across town in 115 degree weather before I decided there had to be another way.When I first got this pedal, I would run it parallel with the amp, terrified to rely entirely on this little box for my sound. After a few performances, I let go and left the amp at home. The Bass Attack pedal did not disappoint. Ever since, I just bring a bass and this pedal. Running straight into the board through this thing delivers a magnificently huge bass sound. I don't miss the amp at all.I did spend an entire evening the night this pedal arrived, just tweaking knobs until it was perfect. You'll want to dial in exactly the right sound for your bass, and some of the settings I tried were less than ideal for my instrument. But once I got it locked in, I've never touched the knobs again. I just plug in and everything sounds magical.
I rated it at 5 stars because 5 stars means &#34;I Love it&#34; in Amazon's selection of things .  I do love it.  In fact I think it is better than my Sans Amp Bass DI which costs more.  Don't get me wrong, the Sans Amp is still great.  I just find this easier to dial in, it is durable and seems a bit more lively sounding than the previously mentioned preamp.  The only down side is that it doesn't come with an AC power adapter.  That isn't a problem for me since I have many power options on my pedal boards.  This takes the standard negative polarity center like Boss pedals.If you have been playing bass for a while, you know that no matter how good your bass rig is, you can make it better by putting a decent tone shaping booster in front of your amp...that being said............I am in my 50s and I play mostly guitar hero music like Robin Trower, SRV, Hendrix, Yes, Rush, and lots of blues and southern rock etc etc............. the fun old rock n roll stuff.Like the Sans Amp, putting this in front of any bass amp only makes the bass sound better. You can easily get the live Chris Squier or Geddy Lee sound. The older style full deep bass bluesy rock sound is simple.  The tone that I love to dial in is that old 3 piece rock band sound from years past. Think of Mel from Grand Funk Railroad or old James Gang in the Joe Walsh Days, Johnny winter, and the Cream........ that over driven cranked Ampeg or Fender tube bass amp sound that filled in exceptionally well in a 3 piece power band.I am running this into an Ampeg Bass combo and I have run it directly to the front of house sound system and the sound is fabulous.  Playing bass is a side gig for me since I am mainly a lead guitarist........  I let my bassist try it (he also uses a Sans Amp Bass DI at our gigs) and he immediately went online and purchased one.He is another cool use for this pedal.  If you are a guitarist, put it in front of your guitar amp.  The punch and power that you add to your sound is incredible.  Try it.
This thing sounds great! I run two outputs from this into my DAW (Reaper), so that I can have a direct DI for reamping and the regular tone from the Hartke's preamp for an overall bass tone. The general sound of it is warm with plenty of low end, and the "Shape" control is pretty cool for adding a little bit of distortion/break-up for layering. It's easy to reamp with, so layering the unshaped Hartke tone + another track of shaped "gritty" tone can get you some seriously solid sounding bass tones in a mix - especially for higher gain metal playing.Awesome unit for the price, very happy with it.
I'm using this as a DI box for recording. It does some compression, overdrive, EQ'ing, notch EQ'ing, and excite-ing all in one pedal. So compared to the original bass signal, you get this clear, deep, punchy sound that fits right into a mix.The Bass Attack sounds a lot like a SansAmp Bass Driver but at 1/3 the price. One difference is that it has an additional "Shape" knob, which is a lot like the ISF knob on Blackstar products, and is a notch filter. The other difference is that the SansAmp uses tougher chassis and components, so would last longer for the gigging musician. But don't take me wrong, the Bass Attack uses a solid metal chassis and doesn't feel cheap at all.The Harmonics knob adds some overdrive, and gets kind of farty when turned up 100% but sounds pretty good at 75-90%. It doesn't do that high gain super gritty/fizzy distortion though, for that you could connect a distortion pedal to the parallel output, or duplicate the track in your DAW and add a distortion plugin.This pedal is very versatile. I found that the Shape knob is indispensable; it takes the place of a mid control. For example, by notching (reducing) the boomy 60-130 Hz region and turning up the level, you get plenty more mids. The treble and bright control seem very similar to each other, one seems to amplify the 4k region, the other the 5k but that's just an estimate. By keeping both of those around 10 o'clock and the Shape control beneath 115 Hz, I can get a solid, deep, yet mid-full sound for a metal mix. Thus anyone who thinks this pedal is all bass and treble and no mids, ought to try settings along those lines.Another good feature is that this pedal can run on 48V phantom power. As in, no adapter or battery needed when recording direct or running to a mixer. In conclusion, for recording, you can duplicate the SansAmp sound that you hear on a lot of albums using the Bass Attack, and tweak it further via the Shape control. And yes, the various button pushes get you four different sounds total, but I prefer having both buttons on. Then in my DAW I only throw on an extra compressor and it sounds great. This pedal is a steal for no frills bass DI recording.
