Most of the other reviews have pretty much covered just about everything I would say however I still want to say I love this tool. Not being someone who has had a lot of theory under my belt, it's been useful to help me learn the letters of keys. Slowly I am making progress at memorizing key signatures so that I know where I am on the fretboard & where I can go from there. I use it by putting it on my music stand, dialing in the key I want, turn on the drum machine & simply play the chords in that key to the beat. Then when I want to practice the relevant scales of the key, I simply look at the letters and count the fingering for the corresponding note. It's that easy.I will say that I do agree that the instructions are a wee bit too thin for my taste but music notation & theory is not a subject that the average player is adept with. Most folks are self taught like moi where theory is concerned. To really grasp it, one simply has to plod along actually performing the exercises repeatedly. But with rote repetition, eventually comes that "Eureka!" moment from time to time & more falls into place.Unlike some others, I'm not one to lug something this around in my gig bag. Who really is going to set & study material like this prior to a gig? That's what you do at home and it's called 'Practice' for a reason.I give this 5 out of 5 stars because it really is a fantastic learning tool & is relatively simple to use as long as you have some inkling of music theory. If not, you may want to take some lessons & then use this as a study guide along with your regular lessons.
Yeah I kind of bought it on a whim, it's confusing as hell first of all. I don't really understand it but it was shipped and explained perfectly as described. :)
This is a very useful and quite educational musician's piece. I especially like the way it is presented and how easy it is to use. It easily helps remember all possible scales and shows many tricks for your musical compositions. Highly recommended. Cheers!
I love this little device!I'm an amateur musician so I'm on and off on playing. I play enough I need to know theory, but not so often I don't forget the specifics.This gizmo lets me refresh all of those pesky details with the slide of a tab.I don't believe this is a tool to teach people music theory, but it is a wonderful reference once you know what you're looking for.For example, I'm playing with the harmonica now. Simple little instrument right? Well that simple little instrument has you thinking about major, minor, major pentatonic, minor pentatonic, and blues scales in 12 different keys! One section of this wheel lists all of these different scales. Rotate the dial to the key you're interested in and the individual notes for each of these scales in the key you've selected appears. Nice.Although I play guitar, I find the other side of the wheel less helpful. Yes it does show you how to play diatonic chords (MmmMMmD)but they are barre chords based upon the "E" chord. If you understand the formation of an E barre chord and its family (E, Em, E7, Esus, Esus4, etc), this may not be so helpful. I really don't use E barre chords much beyond the 7 fret as I usually switch to the "A" type barre chord based off of the 5th string so my hand has much less distance to travel. I've not found anything to support these "A" type barre chords nor the others: D, G, C.I find the music theory side of the wheel worth the price and the disillusionment with the guitar side my be due to my ignorance.
Tons of useful information on this wheel. My only criticism is that the accompanying manual could be far more exhaustive and more clearly written. Seems like reasonably durable construction. Compact enough to stow it in a guitar case.
The only complaint that I have is the instructions they are kind of shallow, if you have musical theory background you should not have much trouble, I'm no expert I have a some knowledge beyond basic, and it's really helpfull to take some reference learning new things, visualize quickly chords, scales, mayor and minor scales, you can view there relationship it's a great tool to learn, if you have deep knowledge maybe you dont need it. For complete begginers it might be difficult to start without reading and taking time to study. This is a great complement to study theory.
A good tool for study and applying to your music. Keep on hand to help understand theory. Also great for those starting out learning an instrument.
This is a fantastic product that is well made. The plastic is heavy duty and comes with a plastic cover that must be removed before use. This ensures that the wheel you get is in perfect condition.The tool is extremely useful. I have just started playing with a band, and it is very common for band members to call out a song and the key that it is in. With the wheel, I immediately know what chords to choose from. I also know what notes are in each chord. In addition, it has a note by note image of the entire fretboard so that you can see where the roots are for the scale you are playing.The wheel is also invaluable for switching keys. For example, say you're playing the I, IV, and V chords in the key of C., but your lead singer is having trouble and would rather sing it in Bb. All you need to do is dial the wheel to Bb, find out the new I, IV, and V chords, and start playing. The wheel makes chord transposition a breeze.I feel that the negative reviews you are seeing are unfair. This is a very useful product at a fair price.No, I am not affiliated with the company at all. I'm just a band member newbie who appreciates this tool.In my opinion, this is a five star product.
I'm a songwriter who is always looking for compatible chords. This wheel has made if fun to find chords that work well together, its quick and easy to use.
This educational device is truly an asset to all musicians, especially guitar players.  Because it gives complete scales, and notations at a moments glance I find it extremely helpful when my hands are busy, but my mind is wandering.
I'd suggest that this is not for beginners. More for the intermediate musician. It is not something you are going to understand at first. The learning curve is moderate. Other than that, quite useful and durable.
I am confused by this hellish portal of confusion. Looking at it makes me ill - I feel like it's laughing at me, with its indecipherable scribbles.
I am self taught, and this pup is essential for tune writing, finding quickie relative minors and such.If you want to understand any theory, start here after learning basic chords.This is how basic chords relate to each other.Yeah, Baby. If you're boss, you need the Info.-Austin Powers?
