I only use this as a tube amp for vocal.  For the price, I can drive 2 mics, and fit it in a 1U space.  The tube sound is good enough for live performance for as long as I don't crank it up too much, it also helps with the gain of the SM58 as it's much lower than my other Line6 mic.  I used to have multiple  Studio Projects VTB-1s and ART Tube Pacs but their tubes seem to have died due to old age, and I mainly cared for the tube feature in them, so stepping down to the MIC2200 is fine with me.If you want to get warmer vocal sound, and don't want to invest too much for it, the MIC2200 is the way to go, imo.  However, buying Behringer products always require crossing fingers (and hope that they last).  So I'll update should I encounter problems.
This is a wonderful product for the price! Ive used other tube preamps that cause terrible humming at low input gain. A little difficult to set up properly, but if you are running an eq separate, then you only have to adjust the input and output. I dont care much for the tube display with led lights behind it, but it doesn't bother me either. Behringer makes great products at incomparable prices.
I use this as a microphone preamp with an AKG Perception 220 microphone. There are 2 ins and 2 outs, 1 balanced/1 unbalanced on each channel. I am not an expert on studio equipment so this review is from a personal position. I run this direct to my digital recorder. I get a good clean sound on my vocals. Still to early to give reliabilty and flexability of this unit. The unit is 2 channels, has rack mounts and is sturdy, not sure on the tube yet. New to the Behringer product line, but so far I like it and will explore its potential. 5 stars for price, quality, features, amazon.
I like this preamp. I use one channel for microphone and the other for an electric guitar with good results.Is very sadly and spendthrift that its useful life will be the duration of its tube, another concept of producci&oacute;n nothing considered with consumer and planet.
Don't like that it's difficult to change the tube.  Sound quality was not what I expected, maybe because I wasn't familiar with the settings.  No power cord was included in mine or manual.  Manual should have been include not sure about the cord.  Dials are very small.  My MIC200 and MIC800 are much better than this.  I can't say it's bad.  Just that there are better choices in my opinion.
I operate an alternative broadcast studio, we create music related content and broadcast it on the internet. We needed some stand-alone microphone preamps and after searching the internet I decided to give this Behringer unit a try.This single rack space unit provides two independent microphone preamps, each of which is equipped with a single band of sweepable parametric equalization to adjust the timbre of the final output. Before I even tried the piece as a preamp I opened it up to look inside.DO NOT EXPECT TO CHANGE THE TUBEThe tube is mounted in such a way that it is probably impossible to change it out for a different one.Fortunately the preamps sound good with the stock tube. There is no schematic provided so it's really impossible to say how the tube is implemented in the circuit and how much it actually contributes to the tone of the unit.HOW DOES IT SOUNDThe preamps sound very good, full, rich, crisp highs, deep lows, it's a function of the microphone you connect to it as far as I can tell. For comparison I A-B compared this preamp to our very expensive API 3124+ preamp which is a 4-channel unit that we paid over $500 per preamp-channel for, that is 10-times the price per channel of this Behringer unit. I'm not going to say the Behringer beat the API but they were a dead heat in most listening tests. My female partner who is not too technical (but has great ears) thought the Behringer was just as good as the API. We also have a Grace m801 which is another over-$500/channel preamp, she definitely liked the Behringer sound better than the Grace (personally I think it was the EQ on the Behringer that affected her choice when comparing to the Grace).If my API or Grace preamps go toast I will definitely have them repaired. If the Behringer dies, it's going in the trash and I'll buy another one. It's simple economics and at $100 for two preamps that sound as good as they do these are really nice. They sound good. They have an industry standard packaging. The input and output connectors are excellent. It even has a line input mode so you can add a little tube distortion to a line-level signal (I have not tried this because we don't need it).We broadcast between three and ten, live one-hour shows per week using this preamp for vocals. NOBODY in our listening audience has ever complained and none of them know we switched from our high-end pieces to this very inexpensive preamp. Now our expensive preamps are back over in our production studio and are used for recording tracks that play behind our live performances during the shows.RELIABILITYWe have not had any problems with this unit. It is warmed up for an hour before each broadcast, I've never heard any noise or bad stuff come from it. We have A LOT of Behringer gear in our studio, it lives right along side gear from Neve, API, Allen and Heath, UA, Meyer, Lexicon and Apogee. Out of 103 pieces of Behringer equipment I've bought we've had two pieces that had problems and those occurred right out to the box. I had much worse reliability with Crown amplifiers than Behringer products and I really like Crown amps, regardless of the problems, they just sound so good. In my experience the Behringer products have provided professional results for an amazing low price. That's a win-win in my book.
