The listing for this item can be confusing if you are not sure what stereo XLR is.  Stereo XLR is meant to be similar to your stereo headphones, where left and right are separate unbalanced wires.  This cable is configured to be a stereo unbalanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced TRS cable.  This item is not a mono balanced XLR to a stereo unbalanced mic cable.A little bit a soldering can fix this connector by moving the red wire from ping #3 to pin #2 with the white wire.  Pin #3 then ties to pin #1 with the ground wire.
First, the reasons why I awarded this five stars: the construction is uniformly excellent. Both ends have strain reliefs, the 1/8" connecter perfectly mates with the plug into which I insert it, and the XLR end is a quality component.I purchased this specifically to transform the third channels in myPowerwerks 50 Watt Personal P.A. Systeminto something more useable. This greatly expands the functionality and versatility of the portable PA by allowing me to plug in another mic. Since I have three of those units daisychained I was able to significantly enhance the entire system with this simple adapter.Another reason why I love this is it's noise free. In some environments in which I play there are sources of electromagnetic interference that cheap cables will pick up and transmit. I have not had that problem with this one, so it's another plus.Overall I am very pleased with this adapter and actually purchased a spare in case I damage or lose my primary one. It's a bit pricier than others I considered, but I feel that the quality and peace of mind are worth the premium.
I use this cable to run a extra line from microphone podiums to a zoom H1. This adapter has never failed me and has been instrumental in capturing quality audio at live events. I own several of these and love them.I highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional. Also check out Hosa's sinlge XLR to double XLR splitter.
This adapter cable for stereo mics to work with small DV cameras will function but with caveats.First, it's construction is pretty light weight. That means you will have to be "gentle" with it when using it. That's something none of us in the broadcast production field want to worry about since our gear gets pretty beat up.Second, the adapter only has a one foot in length cable on it. This is pretty short and may not reach to wherever the mic input jack is on your camera. That means you would need another short XLR mic cable to extend from the mic to this adapter.So just be aware that this may work fine for some and not work at all for others. I went to Sam Ash music and found a similar adapter cable, heavy duty, and with a longer cable for the same price. It pays to shop around!
Well made. Works as it should. However, seem to be getting a little bit of noise from a shotgun mic straight into a D800. (more than the usual expected)To see if it was the Mic, cable, or adapter; Tested it going straight into a Zoom H4 recorder.Seems to be a little but more noise going through this adapter cable than straight into the XLR input.No big surprises. Minor clean up in post.
