This thing is simple to set up and has a nice warm tone that I like for clean delays.  I also got the TC electronics nova repeater which has more options, tap tempo and stereo out, I use that one for distorted delays and dotted 8ths. They are both great pedals that I use all the time.
Ok I replaced my Boss DD3 with this pedal because the boss was the only digital pedal I had left on my board and I wanted a complete analog board. This pedal is more subtle then the Boss but if you want some delay to fatten up those lead tones and retain the sound of your amp then look no further. MXR is by far better then Boss IMHO and I do love my DD3.
This is an excellent choice if you're looking for a nice analog delay with a small footprint.It looks great, it's easy to use, and it's a fantastic size for a delay pedal.The analog delay is nice and warm -- much more satisfying than digital delay to my ears. Also, the modulation button enables you to add a chorusing effect to the delays.There is a internal adjustment that I don't think I will need to use for now anyway.I highly recommend it !
This is hands down the best delay pedal I have ever used. I owned a Boss DD-3 for many years and I have tried various other brands, but this little beauty takes the cake. The delay is pure analog so it produces a smooth and creamy sound. It is very easy on the ears in both clean and distorted settings, and it adds exponentially to your tone. When turned off it is true bypass, which means it does not color your guitar's natural tone in any way. I recognized a notable difference when I unhooked my DD-3 and plugged in the Carbon Copy.The pedal is slightly smaller than most pedals but it is built like a tank. The price point is a little expensive but, in this instance, you get what you pay for. If you're looking for a creamy, true bypass, analog pedal then look no further. The Carbon Copy is the best there is!
This is super warm and can get very trippy.  I like the depth it adds to everything from subtle, extreme and whatever else, the mod switch is great for the flutter effect too, nice extra.  600 milliseconds really is more than enough and I have a highend tape type unit that is something like 2.5 seconds but for what this does, more than enough.  I like retro and this is it, I used this on a show the day I got it and it was noticed by all.  I have to say MXR has really stepped up their stuff, very musical pedal.  Again, do your Youtube homework and listen around and you'll come to your conclusion.  Amazon is great to deal with.
I have a LOT of pedals.... including many delays and echos...The MXR is just little more organic and warm in tone and response then my Aqua Puss, EH Delux Memory Boy, Ibanez, Boss, and lets not even get into the Behringer stuff...  :)I like the chorus-like mod button.  Very lush and sweet to listen too.  Not as feature rich as some of my other delays, but a tad more appealing to the ear then the others to me.  Simple to use, compact and well built.  I like using this clean... but even it's ability to take some distortion is pretty good.This is simliar to my favorite echo (the Morely ECV from the 70's) in that is has that real warm surrounding sound to it.  Lush is the right word.Hope this helps.
The reverb broke in my amp and I tried the Boss FRV-1 to replace it and didn't really like it too much.  Then I read that a darker analog delay can sort of sound reverby.  This is exactly what I wanted.  It fills out the sound and yet doesn't add any artificial high end.  Sounds gorgeous for what I do, which is playing alone in a basement.  For most songs it's always on, and it really excels at vintagy-sounding stuff like Rockabilly and Surf.  The mod button is a nice add-on but I haven't really bonded with it yet.If I had to buy this over again I might consider the Aqua Puss because I don't use the high delay times all that much and the Aqua Puss has an easy access battery door.
While I've never been a big delay guy, I've always felt my pedal board was missing this particular effect.  I'm definitely not a fan of digital delay, so I did a lot of R&D; on analog delays in hopes to find the right one for me.There are basically three options out there for delays under $200: MXR Carbon Copy, EHX Memory Boy, and Malekko Ekko 616.  I realize that there are other pedals out there, but according to my research these are the best three for the price.The Memory Boy seemed good but my concern was it can do a lot of exaggerated modulation, something I was not interesting in.  Crazy effects are an EHX trademark so if you're looking for that sort of thing the Memory Boy might be up your alley.  I read nothing but good things about the Malekko Ekko and tossed back and forth between that and the Carbon Copy for a while and ultimately went with the Carbon Copy because I was able to find the most first-hand reviews of it.I don't regret my decision, this pedal sounds great.  The repeats are long and do not sound artificial.  Some people complain the repeats are too dark but I don't think those people understand the difference between analog and digital delay.  If you're looking to recreate The Edge sound, analog delay is not for you.I'm able to create all types of sounds from this pedal from just thickening up a rhythm track, to slapstick, to dreamy repeats on solos.  I love it.  Sometimes I just leave the pedal on with the mix knob dialed down for subtle ambience in my tone.One minor criticism is that the modulation effect is subtile, at least out-of-the-box.  There are internal trimpots to make the effect more pronounced but I have yet to mess with them.  I would rather have had the controls be knobs on the pedal itself.
Love this pedal. The Mod button just makes it sound like tremolo to me and I have great classic Fender tremolo on the amp I use so I don't use that option much. I just use it for when I want a little slap-back and it works great for that and provides a real nice analog tone.
This is a great effect. I am very happy with it. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This delay device is (on my humble opinion) probably the best delay out there. It is very sensitive and delivers as it should, with a delay rate from 0 to 600 miliseconds. Most units offer a max of around the 400 mark and are normally quite large in size and take a lot of space on the pedal boards. This pedal is just another little pedal on your board that will deliver. I am actually sure this will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended.
One of the great surprises in the last couple of years has been the MXR Carbon Copy delay pedal. Designed by Way Huge founder Jeorge Tripps, is a great analog delay for under $175.00. Using bucket brigade circuitry, true bypass and a very simple 3 knob interface, the Carbon Copy is a very flexible unit. Utilizing the "modulation" switch, you can achieve a slight chorusing sound (like the flutter from old tape echoes) which can be adjusted via the internal trim pot.The unit has a small footprint (like most MXR pedals) so it is very pedal board friendly.This is truly a great sounding delay so try one out
What can I say? First it's MXR...enough said. This company (Dunlop) gets it right with the MXR line. I was a Boss guy but was never really happy with the delay or chorus from them. I don't hate Boss and use their Super-Overdrive in my chain. I already own a MXR Dyna Comp & Phaser 90 pedal so I took the leap and bought this delay. Wow! It's so much warmer than the Boss. Side by side the MXR won hands down...well at least for me. It goes from slap-back to space shot very easily... It's a great pedal that may well replace how much reverb you use... I'm really happy with this and would replace it god forbid...
This pedal really hits the spot!Warm vintage analog slap-back delay with optional modulation and ability to self oscillate (which, if you are a fan of Johnny Greenwood, you will love!). I also use it to give my guitar some sort of ambient sound, with the modulation on and very short delay time, sounds almost like a phaser.
This is a great analog delay, analog meaning you're not gonna get a lot of crazy sounds and delays that last forever. If you're looking to get creative with lots of weird sounds, get the Boss Digital Delay. This pedal is intended to just color your tone a little bit and it does so in a spectacular way. I'm very pleased with it.
Warm analog delay very natural sound, not sterile at all very ez to use, no harsh digital BS, I like this way better than the BOSS. Plus is is MXR and built like a tank to last a lifetime
I own alot of MXR pedals and this one is one of my favorites. This is one of the top delay pedals the pro's use. It is super simple to use, Regen is how many repeats you want, Delay is how long you want the delay to be and the Mix is basically how loud you want delay to be in your mix. You can get all the great delays out of this one pedal. From Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love, to the Randy Rhoads solos of the 80's. There is also a little MOD button which seems to add some depth to the pedal, really makes it seem a bit fuller. I like that feature alot.
this pedal worked well, but I sent it back because thru my marshall itgenerated a lot more line noise than I like, other than that it was cool!!!!
This is a warm analog delay with a great deal of range.  Its warm and the modulation sounds great.  This is not a digital delay the echos will not be exactly what you play, but that is why you get an analog delay, so you hear the part just a little to the left.  Get it, it is tank tough and endless hours of fun.
I don't have any problems with this pedal, but for the price I would just go with the Way Huge Aqua Puss for an analog delay.
It's the Tube Screamer of delay pedals. I use mine primarily to thicken up my tone, and definitely would miss it if it were not on my board. I have used it for situations that call for deep delay, and love the mod function which can get pretty spacey... I fall back on a EHX Memory Man chained to an Anaolgizer for a sick ping pong between the 2 delays in experimentation sequences, but when playing blues or thrash, I use it as tone beef only. Low settings not too echo-ey, more like a bass'd out reverb.There are literally a million different ways you can use this pedal, and it is a testament to it's versatility that it pops up on so many pedal boards in so many different genres.Hey - stop reading this and order it! Now!!!!
The MXR Carbon Copy Analog Delay is a relative newcomer on the pedal scene, but has become instantly beloved by professional, semi-professional, and amateur guitarists alike (I would be in the latter category).  As a longtime user of the Boss DD-3 Digital Delay, it was a bit jarring trying out the Carbon Copy.  But after playing with the controls a bit and appreciating the pure quality of the tone it produces, it quickly won me over.There isn't a great way to explain the difference between digital and analog delay other than to say that the former is more precise and percussive, while the latter provides more warmth and ambience.  The "Mod" button is suppose to add additional modulation to the tone, though I don't hear a dramatic difference.  But no matter what setting you use, there is something undeniably more "real" about the delay effect of the Carbon Copy versus other delays I have used.  Rather than repeat your notes verbatim, it almost sounds like a haunting middle ground between the reverb/echo effect of a large hall and digital delay.The range of this delay, fortunately, is quite wide.  I believe it goes from 20 to 600 milliseconds.  To give you some perspective on that, slapback delays (such as rockabilly "Stray Cats" echo) are very short, probably under 150 milliseconds.  Rhythmic "U2" delays are usually around 350-450 ms.  Then there's even longer delays with a lot of repeats, a la Pink Floyd's David Gilmour.  This pedal is capable of all of those (though the "U2" style delay is better achieved with digital).  One note on that though - whereas the DD-3 uses three different knob range settings to cover its delay time, everything from 20-600 ms is covered with one sweep of the Carbon Copy's knob.  This makes it very convenient, but also a bit touchy.To summarize, the Carbon Copy is outstanding alternative to digital delay and at an attractive price point.  It covers the sounds of delay pedals over twice as large (and expensive), and belongs on any delay aficionado's pedalboard.
This is a great pedal, very well made and fairly compact so as to fit in pretty well on my small pedal board. I also like the tone a lot. Bear in mind I like the more vintage tones, it's not a crisp, crystal clear tone like you'd get with a digital delay, it's got more warmth.There's a great video on YT from proguitarshop.com that demos it very well. It's got great short and long delay, very smooth feel and the mod switch adds just the right amount of modulation to your tone to make it a tad fuller. This is not a bright sounding delay, it can be a tad dark at times if you're not careful.I use this for my long delay sounds and use another delay for short, slap back and echo sounds, it's a Mooer micropedal. They work well together too to get a huge, fuller, ambient type of sound going. I put the Mooer before the MXR in my chain. I use all my pedals right into the front of my amp as there's no effects loop.I hope this helps your decision. If you like warm, old school tones you'll dig this pedal.
I already had this pedal, but needed to add a little delay to two separate channels (stereo).  I liked this delay so much, that rather than buy a stereo delay, I bought another MXR Carbon Copy!
Just recently a few months back got my first tube amp, wanted a good analog delay pedal to go with it I found that the digital delay pedals left something to be desired at least for my ears.After a lot of research and reading reviews I decided to give this Pedal a try.All I can say is wow!It has excellent sound quality ,very low noise while off it is transparent in your petal chain.The settings are outstanding, you will not be disappointed very well-made.
This unit produce a warm and vintage sound of a analog delay. It's not so &#34;digital and bright&#34; delay like Boss DD3 or DD7. Mod switch adds a perfect &#34;chorus&#34; effect for 80's Metal Ballads sound.
