Holy guacamole, you guys- this amp...I was terrified at first because I plugged in and turned on and had NO SOUND.Took the batteries out and fumed over my foolish purchase, then decided to try once more.Fired it up with my electric kazoo plugged in and WE HAVE LIFT OFF!So rocking.I actually got this for my acoustic-electric ukulele and it sounds beautiful through it. I keep the volume low and the door open about 1&#34; to get a clean-ish tone. Haven't cranked it up yet for that dirty blues sound but I'm sure it'll sound awesome too.
First, I have to say the only reason I bought this is that we have two pot belly pigs that live in our house...so this was a no-brainer to purchase just to have as a fan of pigs, and I play the guitar too.Now for the review.This little &#34;collector&#34; amp turns out to be something I will actually use rather than put on a shelf to look at with all of our other pig stuff.I was very surprised how well built it is.  It's solid as a rock with chrome handles, edge guards and a pig snout for the volume control.It looks like a mini suit case and contrary to another review, the AC adapter fits into a compartment inside so it may be stored internally.  It also operates on batteries which makes this little thing quite the gem to take with us this summer.  Now I can take the Fender or Gibson electrics rather than the acoustic.Okay, I keep getting off topic here...The sound is clear and crisp for it's size.  Sure, it's not my Fender Mustang IV, but I didn't pay 600 bucks for it either.  But then my Fender doesn't have a pig's snout!!  There are no controls on this for tone adjustments, just a volume knob.  But, most of our modern electric guitars have quite a bit of tone adjustment anyway.  I would compare the sound coming from it as above average but it's the novelty of the amp that is the real attraction, for me anyway.As for it's size, I would say it's just about the size of your average small jewelry box.  But it's much heavier, deceptively heavy but I like that.  It doesn't have that &#34;cheap&#34; feel about it.Like I said, I WILL use this occasionally, especially during summer months when we cruise in the convertible or in the conversion van.  I look forward to the comments the amp will get, I'm sure way more than my guitar playing skills as I still have a lot to learn.  But, learning should be fun and this little amp and is just another way to make it even more fun.In summary, I would highly recommend this to any pig lover who owns a guitar or to anyone who's looking for a portable amp that operates on either batteries or an AC adapter.A word to best describe it....&#34;COOL&#34;.
I have had this amp for quite some time and find that it does exactly what I want it to!  It is so much easier to carry around and needs no outlet.  Turn in half way up, you get a clean sound...crank it maxed and you get that distortion that made it so famous.  I own a piece of the legend and music history!
Put away your effects pedals, modellers, and software for awhile and get back to the earth - or at least the simple appreciation of what an electric guitar sound can be, straight off the axe with nothing but pickups, volume, and tone pots to shape it.For me the classic Pignose-and-a-Strat sound is the opening of "I Looked Away" from Layla, but I'm sure everyone's got their favorites.Loud enough to "feel the air" and coax a variety of natural-sounding distorted tones. Stick an SM-57 in front of it and fool a lot of people into thinking it's a tube amp. By working your guitar knobs you can get a clean sound, along with that "barely breaking up" holy grail of tone for many blues and rock players.By learning how much you can do with relatively little, you'll gain a new appreciation of the strengths and weaknesses of all the tone-shaping tools that have come along since.It might surprise those who take today's hyper-saturated, over-processed metal distortion for granted as the official, community-sanctioned guitar tone to discover the challenges and pleasure of touch and response with subtle dynamics and without infinite sustain.One bit of weirdness: When I began playing my Pignose I immediately noticed a buzz, as though something small was rattling around between the speaker cone and front grill. The four mounting nuts were easy to loosen and, sure enough, an extra washer had gotten caught in there during assembly. Fortunately it slid right out and there was no damage.Get the power adapter and save the batteries for when you absolutely have no choice.The first amp I ever had was a small Ampeg tube from the early 60's with a single 6 inch speaker, volume and tone knobs. I've no idea how many watts it put out - not enough for my parents to complain from their bedroom next door. With that baby cranked, I spent many happy hours in tone heaven. All these years (and amps) later I guess I've always been searching for that sound and the Pignose comes closer than any tube distortion, blues overdrive pedal or rat-ty box I've tried.For the money, you can't beat it.
Fantastic. Just love this little amp.At first thought it was broken, but batteries were  not sitting in right.Very happy it's ok.
Sounds simply great!  As greasy as a Pignose has to groan and as simple as it has to be.  Great on bass notes and can also get clean with highs; it does sound different when opened and by moving the guitar volume, it changes its distortion (the louder, the more distorted).  The Pignose power supply (Pignose AC9 Power Supply for Pignose 7100) is helpful when been home, but also works with 6 AA batteries.  You can also amplify it's sound by connecting it to a higher-watt amp.  It comes with really nice looking stickers.  I'm planning to keep it for years.Update on review(Jan 9, 2013).I admit that it might be more expensive that other 5 watt amps, but as time goes by, I just fall more in love with my Piggy!  I've learned to use better it's own volume combined with the guitar's.I have other amps of higher power that can get a LOT louder that the Pignose, but I just LOVE the level of distortion it gives; I cannot get this crunch with the other amps, no matter how much pedals, bells, whistles I have tried... This crunch is unique and the world loves it, as simple and plain as that.  The good thing is that it has an output at the back to connect it to louder amps and like that you can have at louder volumes that unique crunch I so much fell in love with.The 7 chords give a clean amazing sweet-grumble (the one that make teenage girls sigh for you...) with high volume on the Piggy and low on the guitar.
I didn't know a little battery powered amp could sound so good.  It sounds just as good if not better than my Roland Cube 20, of course without the effects and such, but still, a great little amp for practice and a little gig with family and friends.  Puts out pretty good power for a little 5w.  Has a great sound in my opinion.
The Pignose is not the world's best travel amp, or portable amp, or practice amp. It's not very good for vocals, it's inefficient, what with its 40-year old design, and it distorts way too easy. There are far better amps for most purposes from Boss and others that deliver a lot more clean volume, thanks to modern class-D amp technology, and a variety of digital effects to boot.BUT... there is one area where the Pig prevails. If you're looking for the sound of a big overdriven amp in the studio, or miked on stage, the Pignose will give you that sound for less than the cost of one good quality overdrive pedal. By opening and closing the box, you can get a range of cabinet sounds from the open-back Fender to the classic Marchall sealed cab, and everything in between. Frank Zappa recorded a lot of his guitar parts using nothing but his SG running into a Pignose, and he got fantastic sounds.Beyond that, it's cool looking, reasonably rugged, and even has pegs that allow you to hang it from a guitar strap. Every rocker needs one.
The previous reviews are pretty accurate, though I would add that when the Pignose cabinet is closed, it can often sound rather boxy. It sounded much clearer and cleaner when it was opened a couple of inches.As for using pedals with it, it will take distortion to a degree. It reaches a point, if pushed too hard, at which the definition of the distortion will begin turning mushy and shrill. You can use a distortion + overdrive to decent effect, especially if you are running a cleaner sounding OD like a Tube Screamer. I don't think it would do so well with a Bad Monkey, for example, though, which has more dirt in the tones it produces. I don't have a fuzz box (not yet, but have one on order), but I think most fuzzes will sound like crap unless you use a relatively cleaner, sweeter one like the Red Witch Fuzz God or the Seymour Duncan Tweak Fuzz. Otherwise, you will hear too much ground asphalt in the sound.My wah wah, a Morley Power Wah, was almost useless with it. The limited frequency response of the 5" speaker made it sound overly throaty on cleans and when I put the boost in the shrillness would show itself again.A chorus pedal sounds totally sweet on it, but a phaser, in my case, a Phase 90, just destroys the sound. A flanger is also not really advisable. You can use delay, just not with very rapid repeats. Putting a compressor in front of your clean signal would probably make it more manageable for the Pignose' speaker. I just bought a Dynacomp, but haven't tried it on the piggy.This is a good cheap first amp to buy for a youngster who is just beginning their journey on guitar and for practice when you are on the road on vacation or business. Once the young 'un seems dedicated, though, it is time to think about moving up to a VOX AC15C1 (note: that amp can do hard rock fine, but not high gain metal) or an ENGL Screamer. I personally can't imagine recording with it, but Y guess that would depend on the engineering skills available to you.
