I have a large hand and this slide is very loose on my finger. I will order a smaller size. I am trying to learn a few slide riffs. This thick glass sounds fantastic on the strings, My bad for ordering one too large.
I found the price on Amazon cheaper than my local guitar shop and quickly bought it. The slide works smoother than a brass slide on an acoustic/electric guitar and also sounds great with a Cigar Box Guitar with piezo pickup. The slide is thick and the large size fits well on the middle, ring and pinky finger.I found the tone of both guitars brighter and more defined using this slide compared to a brass slide which suits an electric guitar better IMO. I have not tried a ceramic slide with any guitar, but a Dunlop ceramic slide is most likely a future purchase.Jim Dunlop products are solid and last long for the most part, their slides seem to be the most popular brand aside for boutique bottle slides and I think this one will last a long time.
For what it's supposed to do, it works very well. I also have the medium size and that one fits a bit better I think. This is still usable, but it is for very big fingers. I think I have slightly fatter fingers than the average guy out there, but this still leaves some extra room. Either way, it works well. It feels very sturdy and I'm not worried about it cracking anytime soon. For the price, it's a must have.
I have large hands (I wear an XXL glove) but I guess not thick fingers (Ring Size 12/13). If you want to use this one on your ring finger, consider getting a smaller size.As for the tone of the slide, it is very warm and has great sustain due to the very heavy glass!
This is my first slide, I never use slide to play my guitar, look good size is right for me. I just have to learn how to use it ;-)
I bought this along with a Clayton "large" glass slide.  Well the Clayton was very thin walled and didn't even fit over my ring finger knuckle.  This slide is very thick and works great!
I thought that a large would be perfect for my fat digits but this thing is big. It really doesn't affect play at all so it doesn't matter.
