I love this cable. I don't get any buzz when I hook up my bass and it can handle anything I throw at it. The sound quality is amazing.
Hands down the best cable I have ever owned. I was spending money on cheaper cables continuously and now I spend that money on other stuff. I play one to five hours a day and have used this same cable for 3 or 4 months. Well worth the money. Lifetime guarantee to boot. Definitely will buy Mogami from now on.
Yes, you are paying a little extra for peace of mind and the reputation of Mogami gold quality. I found this to be a good investment if you are meticulous about your sound. Compared to my old cable, the Mogami Gold produced a more transparent sound... you might have to do a side by side comparison to get the idea. When recording guitar, I am able to clearly hear individual strings while playing overdriven chords. No matter your playing style, this cable will work well with your sound.
i bought this cable in an emergency situation - one where I was on the road, needed a great cable, and didn't have access to roll my own using, what would've been, essentially the same parts.  I exclusively use canare and mogami in the studio, and in critical places of my live setup.  The cable itself is top shelf, quiet, and will provide years of use if you treat it even with modest respect.  As an instrument cable, this could possibly  be a little short if you move around a bunch, making it worth it to go for the 18' cable as a bass or guitar player if you don't like being tied down.  I used this as part of a keyboard rig, where it was perfect on all levels - quality reproduction of sound across the entire spectrum (the highs were crystal, the bass clear), connection is solid (I am not a gold fanatic, but these are excellent), great warranty, and a reputation that holds value.  (These are real deal pro cables, as opposed to some cables priced similarly that have a monster price, but not necessarily a superior build or sound, which is why I didn't walk into guitar center and buy a pair of monster 1000's and waited for these to be delivered overnight instead,,,)
What is there to say. If you're looking at this cable, then you must have some knowledge of tone loss. Simple, if you want a studio quality cable that gives you top notch tone signal, buy Mogami. I have owned hundreds of cables and nothing in this price range touches Mogami. Sure you can buy the expensive Analysis Plus Pro and Evidence Audio cables. But you will NOT hear a difference. Lifetime warranty and you won't be replacing it any time soon. Works flawlessly for live situations and in the studio. All I own are Mogami cables. Check out the silent plug for your guitar cable cord. Goodbye pops and noise.
