Works just as I need it to.  Adjusts easily, nice width, comfy enough for me...(I ordered one and had a problem with the pins lining up and had to exchange it for another one.  Sam Ash was very courteous in fixing the problem. )
This is my third bench and seems to be the best of them. Quick to set up / tear down / adjust. The bench is also larger than my others. Very happy for the price. 4 different height adjustments.
Unit works fine with my digital piano.  It's light, portable and fairly sturdy.  The price is right for what you get.
Wow A bench that really holds my ass.  what can I say about it You really need it with the keyboard stand. and it was necessary to the group.
Very comfortable bench. It's wider than most, which makes is more comfortable to use. It feels heavy duty, and stays still during use.
This is a very stable, comfortable seat.  The legs are easily removable for storage. Love that it is rated for higher weights so I don't have to worry about it collapsing.
i used to only be able to play my keyboard for up to an hour before feeling uncomfortable, this chair has fixed that
This bench is great for the keyboards and when I just want to sit and play by bass guitar.  Regarding it being too short, you just need to lower you keyboard from a standing height, to sitting. If it is too short, then you must pay attention to the adjustable heights listed in the product description.  I also had no problem with a 'bait n switch' issue.
I've tried many types of chairs, sitting on my computer char, etc. but it was always awkward. This bench, with its thick padding and wide width allows me to practice playing the guitar and move around freely. Honestly, I even sat on the floor for a while, but no matter what I did my legs would hurt. I just wasn't at the right height. This bench is adjustable and I was able to find a height so that I could practice for hours without putting a strain on my legs and back. It was absolutely worth the small investment for me.
I'm in a situation where I have to sit to play due to hip problems, and it has been tough finding the right on stage seat.  For me, a stool is too high, and a folding chair too low, plus I need something that folds in with my other equipment.On it's tallest setting, this gives me the exact height I need. I'm 6', so it might not be high enough for a very tall person.It is also sturdy, I'm very animated when I play, and the support feels solid after several gigs of 2 to 3 hours. The cushioning is nice and thick as well.
I've been using this bench regularly since ordering it in 2011. It's great in all ways but one: The rubber feet constantly fall off. If you use this bench regularly, the floor in your playing area will always be littered with rubber feet.Solution: UseGorilla Glue Epoxyor a similar superglue to firmly attach the feet to the bench. This is what I have done and now I have no problem with wandering feet. On Stage should consider doing this in the factory to save you the trouble.
